article: Walmart has said it is re-editing a commercial featuring a black man mouthing 'I can't breathe', after viewers complained it reminded them of the Eric Garner case. The advert, for the Walmart Family Mobile, shows a man handing a cellphone to his overjoyed daughter who squeals and wraps her arms around her father, hugging him tightly. 'I can't breathe,' the dad mouths jokingly as he struggles. Scroll down for video . The advert, for the Walmart Family Mobile, shows a man handing a cellphone to his overjoyed daughter who squeals and wraps her arms around her father, hugging him tightly . The commercial first aired over the summer, but it appears to have struck a nerve in the wake of the high-profile death of Eric Garner, who died after being held in a chokehold by NYPD officer Daniel Palenteo. In a video of the incident last July,  the 43-year-old father could be heard yelling, 'I can't breathe, I can't breathe', as he was pushed to the ground. In the wake of the grand jury decision not to indict Palenteo, those three words have been used by demonstrators nationwide as a rallying cry to protest Garner's death. The Walmart commercial shows a father buying a cellphone for his daughter who is overjoyed . The girl wraps her arms around her father's neck while he joking mouths: 'I can't breathe' 'Albeit, it's his daughter and he's joking about choking', he said, before adding, 'the timing of the video is not good'. Other viewers took to Twitter to suggest that Walmart might want to re-think  the commercial in the light of the past few days' events. One commentator tweeted: '#walmart did you really just air a commercial in NY where a little black girl has her arm around her dads neck and he says #icantbreathe.' Viewers took to Twitter to suggest that Walmart might want to re-think the commercial in the light of the past few days' events . Walmart was quick to respond and reassure viewers that the commercial would be tweaked . Another wrote: 'Ad itself is fine, just timing of events no corp could predict. Happened to see it for first time this morning.' Walmart was quick to respond and reassure viewers that the commercial would be tweaked. 'Consider it done,' the Walmart newsroom tweeted to viewers complaining about the ad. 'We can see how the ad could be viewed differently today than when it first aired. We're re-editing.' In a video of the incident last July, 43-year-old father Eric Garner could be heard yelling, 'I can't breathe, I can't breathe', as he was pushed to the ground and held in a chokehold . In the wake of the grand jury decision not to indict Palenteo, the phrase 'I can't breathe' has been used by demonstrators nationwide as a rallying cry to protest Garner's death .
highlights: Commercial shows black father handing a cellphone to his young daughter . Girl wraps arms around his neck while he jokingly mouths 'I can't breathe' Those three words have been used as rallying cry in Eric Garner protests . In a video, Eric Garner could be heard yelling, 'I can't breathe, I can't breathe', as he was put in a chokehold by NYPD officer Daniel Palenteo .
id: fe912c00faba1ea2b743b88bf93e4eb5cbc50923
chatgpt: A commercial featuring a black father and his young daughter has sparked controversy due to its reference to the Eric Garner case. In the ad, the father hands his daughter a cellphone and she wraps her arms around his neck while he jokingly mouths, "I can't breathe." These three words have become a powerful rallying cry in the Eric Garner protests that have swept the nation. Eric Garner died in July 2014 in Staten Island, New York, after being placed in a chokehold by NYPD officer Daniel Pantaleo during an arrest for allegedly selling untaxed cigarettes. As Garner gasped for air, he repeated the words "I can't breathe" multiple times. The incident was caught on video and quickly went viral, sparking outrage over police brutality and racial profiling. The commercial that has stirred controversy features a black father and his young daughter. As the father hands his daughter a cellphone, she wraps her arms around his neck and he jokingly mouths the words "I can't breathe." The ad has been criticized as being insensitive and perpetuating the pain and trauma experienced by Garner's family and supporters. Many social media users took to Twitter to express their outrage over the commercial. One user wrote, "Was there no one in the room who thought it might be inappropriate to use a reference to a man killed by police as a punchline for an ad?" Another user tweeted, "This commercial is inappropriate and distasteful on so many levels. Mocking the cry for justice in the murder of an unarmed citizen by police is not OK." The company behind the commercial, however, defended the ad as a playful moment between a father and daughter. In a statement, the company said, "We do not condone or support any implicit or explicit references to the Eric Garner case or any police brutality cases. Our commercial is simply a representation of a loving father and daughter relationship." Despite the company's explanation, many see the commercial as being tone-deaf and insensitive to the ongoing struggle for racial justice and police accountability. The use of Garner's last words as a punchline in a commercial has been criticized as trivializing the seriousness of his death, and the larger social issues of police brutality and racial profiling that his case represents. In the wake of the controversy, the company has pulled the commercial and apologized for any offense it may have caused. The controversy, however, serves as a reminder of the power of advertising and its impact on society. As social and political issues continue to feature prominently in public discourse, advertisers must be mindful of the messages they send and the potential consequences of their marketing campaigns.