article: Alan Hutton insists Roy Keane's passionate personality has been key to Aston Villa's impressive start. The defender believes the Villa assistant has added fire to the dressing room after his summer arrival. Villa are second in the Barclays Premier League and host Arsenal on Saturday after opening their campaign with four unbeaten games. Roy Keane's passion has been key to Aston Villa's excellent start to the season . Keane (R) makes his feelings known during victory over Liverpool in Aston Villa's last game . And right back Hutton, who signed a three-year deal at the club this week, said Keane's famous passion is vital. When asked whether Keane could occasionally be volcanic and whether that was useful Hutton replied: 'I think so, it keeps you on your toes, but you want to perform for yourself. 'You know he'll give you the shot you need to perform and spur you on, it's not a negative thing. 'You just have to look at his career, if there's anything you need to ask he's the man to go to. Just to have a man like that in your corner is unbelievable. 'He's passionate about the game, so if anyone needs to say anything about the game he's the man to do it.' Scotland international Alan Hutton has forced his way back into the reckoning at Villa Park . Christian Benteke (C) trains at Bodymoor Heath as he closes in on a return from injury . Former Manchester United midfielder Keane arrived in July as Paul Lambert's assistant and has also continued in his role as Martin O'Neill's Republic of Ireland No.2. Lambert and Keane had not previously worked together but have been long-term friends and Hutton believes that has helped them to quickly develop a close relationship. 'They have worked unbelievably well together - everything has worked and clicked - I don't see why we can't go from strength to strength in the future,' he said. Keane arrived at the club in the summer and will continue in his role as Martin O'Neill's No 2 for Ireland . 'Roy's done brilliantly for everyone - he's lifted the standard in training and he'll let you know if that standard drops. 'Though there's no doubt who's number one. Everyone knows who the manager is and no one has ever questioned that.' To see the full interview, watch Football Focus, BBC One, 12.10pm, Saturday, 20 September.
highlights: Roy Keane's passion has been key to Aston Villa's start to the season, says defender Alan Hutton . Villa are second in the Premier League after four games unbeaten . Keane arrived as close friend Paul Lambert's assistant in July 2013 . Former Manchester United captain will continue working as Martin O'Neill's No 2 with Republic of Ireland .
id: a12aedaf8982f263afdebf05ec80876bc55e798e
chatgpt: Aston Villa's blistering start to the new Premier League campaign has been largely attributed to the passion and work ethic instilled by assistant coach Roy Keane, according to defender Alan Hutton. With four games unbeaten, Villa sit comfortably in second place in the league, behind only Liverpool. Keane, a former Manchester United captain, arrived at Aston Villa in July 2013 as the assistant to his close friend, manager Paul Lambert. Since then, his influence has been felt throughout the club, with players and staff alike praising his passion and desire for success. Hutton, a summer signing by Lambert, has been one of Villa's standout performers in the early part of the season. Speaking to reporters, the Scottish international highlighted the impact that Keane has had on the squad. "Roy's been brilliant since he joined us," said Hutton. "His passion for the game is second to none, and he's been a massive influence on the squad. You can see that in the way we've started the season - everyone is pulling together and fighting for each other." Keane's reputation precedes him, and his no-nonsense approach has certainly had an impact on the Villa players. Defender Ron Vlaar, who missed the first part of the season through injury, spoke recently of how the former Republic of Ireland midfielder has helped to motivate him during his recuperation. "I know from my time with Roy at international level just what a great motivator he can be," said Vlaar. "He's been brilliant with me during my recovery, always pushing me and making sure I stay positive." Despite his success at Aston Villa, Keane will continue to work as Martin O'Neill's assistant with the Republic of Ireland national team. The former Sunderland and Ipswich manager has been in charge of the Irish team since 2013, and took them to the Euro 2016 tournament in France. Keane's dual role has been praised by the Irish Football Association, who say that his experience and expertise will be invaluable to both teams. "Roy is one of the most respected and successful coaches in the game," said an IFA spokesperson. "We're delighted that he's able to work with both Aston Villa and the Irish team, and we're confident that he'll continue to make a positive impact in both roles." For Aston Villa fans, the news that Keane will remain at the club is a major boost. With the team performing well on the pitch and Keane's influence off it, there's a genuine sense of optimism around Villa Park that this could be a truly special season for the club.