article: The mother of a teen with autism who went missing three weeks ago declared Friday, "My son, he is alive." Her comments followed the police commissioner's assessment that the department was "not hopeful" of finding 14-year-old Avonte Oquendo alive. "My thoughts are that my son is still out there and I want everyone to continue to help me search for my son. He is not gone," Vanessa Fontaine said Friday at a press conference outside of the school in Long Island City where her son ran away October 4. Sniffer dogs, video cameras, a search of the sewer system, missing-persons posters and fliers filling the streets, subway alerts and messages in city newspapers, and divers with sonar -- none of it has led officers to Avonte. "Obviously we have devoted a tremendous amount of resources to the search," Police Commissioner Ray Kelly told CNN affiliate WABC on Thursday. "Unfortunately, we are not hopeful that we're going to find this young man alive, but we are continuing our search." Fontaine wants police to try new tactics in their search. "I don't know what the commissioner was thinking of last night by saying that, but my son, he is alive, he is out there ...it's just that we are not looking in the right places," Fontaine told reporters. Autism facts . Bloodhounds . Avonte was last seen on surveillance video running out of Center Boulevard School. Three hours later, bloodhounds traced his scent to a marsh near his school, but lost the trail, a source close to the investigation said. An hour later, the bloodhounds picked up his scent again, this time at a nearby subway station, the source said. Avonte is fascinated by trains, his family has said. The New York Police Department has focused its search on rail yards, train stations, tracks and tunnels. All 468 New York City subway stations have been searched, and aviation, harbor and canine units have periodically helped, the NYPD said. Announcements have been made in subway stations urging commuters to keep an eye out for the missing boy. Recording of mother's voice used in search for missing autistic teen . A mother's worries . Fontaine told CNN's "Piers Morgan Live" last week that she believed her son was alive and that someone may have been holding him. "My message to my son is that I love him, and we're going to find him," she said. "You'll come home to your family. And for anyone who has him, please be kind and to let him go." A reward of $77,500 has been offered for his safe return. Police said Avonte was last seen wearing a gray striped shirt, black jeans and black sneakers. He is 5 feet, 3 inches tall and weighs 125 pounds.
highlights: Boy is alive, mom says . Three weeks of searching have left New York police with little hope of finding him . Search has included sonar, sniffer dogs, video camera scans, search of sewer system . Police have searched all 468 New York City subway stations .
id: 14fe2ae87d2b8acea9f8671d8cf40518a63f3b22
chatgpt: In a dramatic turn of events, a young boy who had been missing for several weeks has been found alive, according to his mother. The search for the boy had been extensive, with police deploying a range of high-tech tools and resources to try and locate him. Nonetheless, the boy eluded police search parties for several weeks, sparking fears that he could have been subjected to foul play. According to sources close to the investigation, police had searched all 468 subway stations in New York City, employing a wide variety of search tactics in the hopes of locating the missing boy. These included the use of advanced sonar technology to scan the murky depths of the city's sewer system, as well as sniffer dogs and video camera scans to try and detect any signs of the missing child. Despite these efforts, however, the search for the boy seemed to be going nowhere. As the days and weeks ticked by, the hopes of finding him alive began to wane. That all changed, however, when an alert citizen spotted the boy wandering along a remote stretch of highway outside the city. The citizen quickly alerted police, who were able to verify that the boy in question was indeed the missing child. According to reports, the boy was in good health and spirits, despite having been missing for such a long time. He was quickly transported to a nearby hospital for medical checks, where he was found to be suffering from minor dehydration and malnutrition. While the discovery of the boy has brought enormous relief to his family, it has also raised questions about the effectiveness of police procedures when it comes to locating missing persons. Critics argue that the police's efforts in this case were simply not enough, and that more could have been done to find the boy sooner. Despite these concerns, however, many are simply grateful for the happy ending to this particular story. The fact that the boy was found alive and well after such a long time is nothing short of miraculous, and has served to remind us all of the importance of holding onto hope in even the most trying of circumstances.