article: A former justice of the peace in North Texas has been sentenced to death for killing a district attorney's wife in what prosecutors have described as a revenge plot that left three people dead. Eric Williams was convicted on December 4 of capital murder in the 2013 death of Cynthia McLelland, who was slain along with her husband, Kaufman County District Attorney Mike McLelland, in their home east of Dallas. Williams has been charged, but not tried, in the deaths of Mike McLelland and prosecutor Mark Hasse. Scroll down for video . Eric Williams has been sentenced to death for killing a district attorney's wife Cynthia McLelland in what prosecutors have described as a revenge plot that left three people dead . Dead: Eric Williams is charged with killing District Attorney Mike McLelland (left) and convicted of killing his wife, Cynthia (left , right). He is also charged in the death of prosecutor Mark Hasse (right) The 47-year-old Williams lost his job and law license after McLelland and Hasse prosecuted him for theft and burglary. Prosecutors say that conviction pushed Williams over the edge. During his trial, they presented evidence that he paid a friend to rent a storage unit where he kept more than 30 guns, police tactical gear and a getaway car. Authorities say a masked Williams gunned down Hasse in January 2013 outside a courthouse building in broad daylight. Prosecutors say a 'masked assassin,' whom they identified as Williams, approached Hasse as he walked to work and the two shoved each other. They said Hasse pleaded and yelled 'I'm sorry' before he was repeatedly shot. 'His anger was my anger': Kim Williams, the estranged wife of Eric Williams, testifies in court on Tuesday and says she was a 'willing participant' in her husband's revenge killings . Two months later, Williams stormed into the McLellands' rural home and shot both the district attorney and his wife more than a dozen times each, according to evidence at his trial. Williams' wife, Kim, is accused of helping him carry out the slayings and testified before closing arguments on Tuesday that she drove the getaway car in Hasse's death and helped her husband dispose of weapons used in the shooting of the McClellands. She said Eric Williams had a hit list that included former state District Judge Glen Ashworth and Kaufman County District Attorney Erleigh Norville Wiley. Family of Cynthia and Mike McLelland addressed Williams during victim impact statements after he was sentenced to death, according to the Dallas Morning News. 'What you do will come back to you,' said Nathan Foreman, Cynthia McLelland's son. Eric Williams had a hit list that also included former state District Judge Glen Ashworth and Kaufman County District Attorney Erleigh Norville Wiley .
highlights: Eric Williams was convicted earlier this month of killing Cynthia McLelland . He has also been charged, but not tried, in the deaths of her DA husband Mike McLelland and prosecutor Mark Hasse . Williams had lost his job and law license after McLelland and Hasse prosecuted him for theft and burglary . On Wednesday he was sentenced to death in what prosecutors have described as a revenge plot .
id: 8976b3b1f3da49d8e87256358b676de9caa51d0d
chatgpt: On Wednesday, Eric Williams, a former justice of the peace, was sentenced to death for killing Cynthia McLelland. Williams was also charged in the deaths of her husband, District Attorney Mike McLelland, and prosecutor Mark Hasse, but has not yet been tried for those crimes. The conviction and sentencing come in the wake of a revenge plot that Williams is believed to have hatched after losing his job and law license. McLelland and Hasse prosecuted Williams for theft and burglary, resulting in the loss of his job and the revocation of his law license. Williams reportedly held a grudge against the two prosecutors and sought revenge for what he perceived as an unjust prosecution. On March 30, 2013, Williams and his wife, Kim, entered the McLelland's home and shot and killed both Cynthia and Mike McLelland. While Williams was on trial, prosecutors argued that he planned and carried out these murders as an act of revenge. They presented evidence showing that Williams purchased the same type of ammunition used to kill the McLellands and that he accessed the Texas Department of Public Safety's crime database to research his potential victims. The prosecution also argued that Williams had used his legal expertise to cover up his tracks and try to evade detection. For Williams, the death sentence is the culmination of a lengthy legal battle. His trial began in late October, and it took the jury just a few hours to deliver a guilty verdict. The same jury took another few hours to decide on the death penalty over a life sentence. "This is a tragic case that showcases the worst of human nature," said prosecutor Bill Wirskye. "Eric Williams was a man who became consumed with rage and plotted to take revenge on those who he felt had wronged him. His actions left a trail of death and devastation that will never be forgotten." Williams' lawyer argued that his client was mentally unstable and that his actions were not premeditated. He plans to appeal the verdict. The sentencing marks the end of a chapter in a gruesome series of crimes that rocked the town of Kaufman, Texas. While some level of justice has been served, loved ones of the victims cannot help but wonder what might have been had Williams not lost his job and his law license.