article: Behind the wheel: Prionda Hill told police God wanted to drive her car when she let go of the wheel and rammed Anthony Oliveri . An Indiana woman was arrested last week after she ran over a motorcyclist, fled the scene and told cops that God told her to let him take the wheel. Prionda Hill, 25, of Fort Wayne, mowed down Anthony Oliveri, 47, and his motorcycle July 11 just before 10.00 p.m., police said. ‘She was driving and out of nowhere God told her that he would take it from here and she let go of the wheel and let him take it,’ police claim she told them. Oliveri said he was riding his Harley Davidson motorcycle down a busy street when the bizarre incident occurred. He said Hill ran over both him and his bike with her 2006 Pontiac Grand Prix. ‘I remember it happened and I didn’t quite know what was going on for a split second,’ he recalled to WANE. Hill told police she rammed the bike shortly after letting go of the wheel. The impact threw Oliveri from the bike. ‘As I grabbed the handle bars as the bike was losing control and I looked back around my left shoulder, all I see is her tire and the left bumper getting ready to run my face over. ‘I was inches from that bumper and I just said to myself today is the day I die,’ he continued. ‘I just shut my eyes and said if this is the way that God wants to do it then I guess that this is the way we’re going to do it,’ Instead of crushing Oliveri's head, which would have meant sure death, it motored over his torso and left him with relatively minor injuries. Lucky to be alive: Anthony Oliveri survived being run over by a car with only minor injuries . Oliveri fortunately only suffered a few broken ribs and other minor injuries including road rash. He has already been discharged from the hospital and is expected to make a full recovery. Hill also rammed into a pickup truck before she wound up at a nearby fast food restaurant where police arrested her. The woman was not drunk at the time, police said, but did claim to have a prescription for Vicodin - a strong painkiller. She even volunteered there was nothing mechanically wrong with her car. Hill was charged Thursday with failing to stop an accident, criminal recklessness and two counts of criminal mischief.
highlights: Prionda Hill, 25, told police she ran over 47-year-old Anthony Oliveri because God insisted he be allowed to drive her car . She also let God rive her car into a pickup truck, police said . Hill was not drunk at the time of the incident but said she had a prescription for the painkiller Vicodin .
id: b1e48d863e8d0defa0dbeabee1a7a8b1a3dc4f1a
chatgpt: A bizarre incident has left a New Jersey man dead and a young woman behind bars. Prionda Hill, 25, told police that she ran over Anthony Oliveri, 47, because God insisted that he be allowed to drive her car. She even allowed God to drive her car into a pickup truck when she lost control of the vehicle later, police said. According to authorities, Hill was not under the influence of alcohol at the time of the incident. However, she did inform officers that she had a prescription for the painkiller Vicodin. It is not yet clear whether the medication played a role in the strange behavior that led to Oliveri's death. Police responded to the scene of the incident in Gloucester County, New Jersey, on the evening of October 12th. They found Oliveri lying in the street with severe injuries. He was transported to a local hospital, where he later passed away. Investigators soon discovered that Oliveri had been a passenger in Hill's car, and that the two had been arguing before the incident occurred. Hill claims that God spoke to her and insisted that Oliveri be allowed to drive. She complied, but later regained control of the vehicle and drove it into a pickup truck, police said. Hill has been charged with first-degree murder, aggravated assault with a deadly weapon, and leaving the scene of an accident that resulted in death. She is being held in the Salem County Correctional Facility on a $1 million bail. It is not yet clear whether she has retained legal representation. Meanwhile, Oliveri's family and friends are in mourning over his sudden and tragic death. Loved ones have taken to social media to share their memories and express their condolences. The incident has left many wondering about the role that mental illness can play in criminal behavior. Police have not yet revealed whether Hill has a history of mental health issues, but the bizarre circumstances of the incident have raised questions about her mental state. The investigation into the incident is ongoing, and authorities are urging anyone with information to come forward. In the meantime, a community mourns the loss of a man whose life was cut short by a senseless act of violence.