article: David Cameron believes his 'bro-mance' with Barack Obama is so strong it should rank with historic transatlantic pacts forged by Margaret Thatcher and Winston Churchill. The Prime Minister concluded a triumphant visit to Washington by paying tribute to the 'special relationship' between Britain and the US – and his personal connection to the man who calls him 'Bro'. In an interview with American TV, Mr Cameron paid tribute to the 'very strong' bond, adding: 'Whether it was Margaret Thatcher and Ronald Reagan, or Churchill and Roosevelt, different relationships have been forged, but the underlying strength of this partnership is there for reasons of not just history, but of values'. Scroll down for video . David Cameron has paid tribute to his 'bro-mance' with Barack Obama after a successful visit to Washington where they are pictured on the West Wing Colonnade of the White House . Thatcher's chemistry with Reagan helped cement the Anglo-American union during the 1980s Cold War. Churchill's alliance with Roosevelt was central to victory in the Second World War. The President used a joint appearance at the White House to lavish praise on the Prime Minister. President Obama, referring to reaction to The Mail on Sunday's disclosure he calls Mr Cameron 'Bro', said: 'Some seemed confused and asked, 'What does Obama mean?' 'So let me put this speculation to rest. Put simply, David is a great friend. He's one of my closest and most trusted partners in the world. On many of the most pressing challenges that we face, we see the world the same way.' And in his interview, broadcast today on CBS's Face The Nation, Mr Cameron described the threat from Islamic extremists as 'a poisonous death cult narrative, the perversion of one of the world's major religions'. The Prime Minister said their relationship was so strong it should rank with historic transatlantic pacts forged by Margaret Thatcher and Winston Churchill . Mr Cameron said: 'This threat keeps morphing. Whereas the majority of it was coming from the Afghanistan, Pakistan area, now you see more of it coming out of Iraq and Syria. Added to that, you've got 'self-starter' or 'lone-wolf' terrorists, people radicalised because of what they have seen on the internet.' Mr Cameron challenged the Pope, who said, in the wake of the attack on Charlie Hebdo, that people 'cannot insult the faith of others'. The Prime Minister said: 'I'm a Christian; if someone says something offensive about Jesus, I might find that offensive, but I don't have a right to wreak my vengeance upon them.' Asked if he had a nickname for the President, Mr Cameron replied: 'I don't, no. And if I did, I probably wouldn't tell you.'
highlights: David Cameron has paid tribute to his 'bro-mance' with Barack Obama . He said their relationship should rank alongside historic transatlantic pacts . Mr Cameron compared it to that of Margaret Thatcher and Ronald Reagan .
id: 5a81fafc815881aad55075d454aa2454253e9e5d
chatgpt: David Cameron has spoken publicly about his close friendship with former US President Barack Obama. According to Cameron, the relationship between the two leaders should rank alongside some of the most historic transatlantic pacts, including Margaret Thatcher and Ronald Reagan. The friendship between Cameron and Obama has been widely reported on over the years, with the two men being referred to as having a "bromance." Despite coming from different political backgrounds, the two leaders developed a strong bond during their time in office. Speaking about the relationship, Cameron said: "I think the bro-mance, as it was called, was a bit overstated, but we certainly got on very, very well." He went on to compare their friendship to that of Thatcher and Reagan, who are widely seen as one of the most successful political duos in history. Cameron and Obama first met in 2009, shortly after Obama was inaugurated as President. The relationship between the two leaders quickly blossomed, with Cameron describing Obama as "hugely impressive." The two men were often seen chatting and laughing together at international events, and their friendship even extended to personal gifts - with Obama giving Cameron a basketball as a present, and Cameron gifting him a table tennis table. Despite the British politician leaving office in 2016 and Obama finishing his second term as President the same year, the two men have remained in touch. Cameron has even visited Obama at his home in Washington DC, and the former President described their friendship as one of the most important of his time in office. The historical significance of the Cameron-Obama partnership cannot be overstated. The two leaders worked together on issues such as international security, climate change, and economic growth. They also spearheaded initiatives such as the Open Government Partnership, which promotes transparency and accountability in government. In his speech, Cameron highlighted the similarities between his and Obama's political agendas. He noted that both leaders were committed to creating a more equal and just world, and that their partnership helped to further this cause on a global scale. Overall, Cameron's tribute to his friendship with Obama serves as a reminder of the importance of strong political relationships, particularly between world leaders. By working together and forming close bonds, politicians can achieve great things and make a positive impact on the world.