article: By . Hugo Gye . PUBLISHED: . 12:57 EST, 19 June 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 15:33 EST, 19 June 2013 . A Boeing Dreamliner jet has been forced to make an emergency landing shortly after taking off on a flight from Denver to Tokyo. The United Airlines flight was diverted to Seattle as a precaution yesterday when pilots were alerted to a problem with the plane's oil filter. The incident will heap further embarrassment on Boeing, which has seen the Dreamliner get off to a troubled start by being grounded for several months thanks to overheating in its battery. Scroll down for video . In the latest of a series of setbacks for the new model, United Airlines said a Dreamliner on its way to Tokyo from Denver was forced to land in Seattle as a precaution . It is not believed that yesterday's emergency landing was connected to the battery problems previously experienced by the jet . Boeing said that it was working with United and General Electric, manufacturer of the plane's jet engines, to work out what had gone wrong . It is not believed that yesterday's emergency landing was connected to the battery problems previously experienced by the jet. The flight safely landed at Seattle airport with no further incidents. 'United flight 139 from Denver to Tokyo diverted to Seattle due to an indication of a problem with an oil filter,' United said in a statement. 'The aircraft landed normally and without incident and we are working to re-accommodate customers.' Boeing said in a statement that it was working with United and General Electric, manufacturer of the plane's jet engines, to work out what had gone wrong. Delivery line: A queue of Dreamliners waiting to be transported to customers in Washington . The 787 Dreamliner, the first carbon-fibre aircraft made by Boeing, was hotly anticipated in the aircraft industry, but its development has been plagued with troubles. The jet was launched three years behind schedule, and was first delivered to airlines in 2011. However, in January this year the entire fleet of Dreamliners worldwide was grounded after two planes were forced to make emergency landings within the space of a week. The problem was traced to the jets' lithium-ion batteries, which were only declared safe last month. The latest emergency landing will cast more doubt on the future of the 787, which faces stiff competition from the forthcoming Airbus A350. Nonetheless, airlines such as British Airways and Thomson Airlines have bought the planes in an attempt to reduce the cost of fuel.
highlights: Flight from Denver to Tokyo diverted to land at Seattle yesterday . Latest setback for troubled 787 Dreamliner grounded for four months .
id: 07cc4c27e4564e0547cad4e0fb355368d3a7d52f
chatgpt: A United Airlines flight bound from Denver to Tokyo had to be diverted yesterday and landed in Seattle, marking yet another setback for the beleaguered 787 Dreamliner aircraft. The airline stated that the diversion was due to a "mechanical issue" that required the aircraft to land as a safety precaution. This latest incident is yet another in a long string of setbacks for the 787 Dreamliner, which has been grounded for four months due to a series of safety issues. The troubles began in January of this year, when two lithium-ion batteries on two separate aircraft caught fire, causing the FAA to ground the entire fleet. It was later discovered that the batteries had been improperly designed and manufactured, leading to a complete redesign and replacement of the battery systems on all 787s. Since then, the Dreamliner has suffered several other technical problems, including a cracked window and fuel leaks. The grounding of the fleet has had a significant financial impact on both Boeing and the airlines that had purchased the 787, as they had to make other arrangements for their international routes. United Airlines had only just resumed flying their 787 Dreamliner aircraft in May, after the necessary modifications to the battery systems had been completed. However, this latest incident will likely cause further delay in the rollout of the planes. The flight, which was carrying 151 passengers and 11 crew members, landed safely in Seattle and the passengers were transferred to other flights. The airline has stated that it is working to identify the source of the mechanical issue and will take all necessary steps to ensure the safety of its passengers and staff. The 787 Dreamliner has been touted as a revolutionary aircraft, with its advanced technology and fuel efficiency. However, the numerous setbacks have caused some to question the safety of the aircraft and the decision to use lithium-ion batteries. Boeing has stated that they are committed to fixing any remaining issues with the Dreamliner and ensuring that it meets all safety regulations. The FAA has stated that it is closely monitoring the situation and will take any necessary steps to ensure the safety of passengers and crew members. They have also stated that they will not hesitate to ground the entire fleet again if any further safety issues arise. In conclusion, the diverted flight from Denver to Tokyo is another setback for the 787 Dreamliner and raises serious concerns about the safety of the aircraft. While United Airlines and Boeing work to address the issue, passengers will likely face further delays and uncertainty with regard to the use of the Dreamliner for international flights. The FAA and other regulatory agencies will continue to monitor the situation closely to ensure the safety of all passengers and crew members.