article: (CNN) -- Roger Federer will not feature in a Grand Slam final in the same calendar year for the first time since 2002, after he was knocked out of the U.S. Open by Spain's Tommy Robredo. The winner of 17 Grand Slam titles, including five in New York, suffered a straight sets defeat in his fourth round match at Flushing Meadows, losing 7-6 (7/3) 6-3 6-4 late Monday. The defeat denied the Swiss star, arguably the finest player to have played the game, a quarter-final showdown with long-time nemesis Rafael Nadal, after the in-form Spanish star beat Germany's Philipp Kohlschreiber 6-7 (4-7) 6-4 6-3 6-1. Robredo had never beaten Federer before their latest rain-delayed encounter on the Louis Armstrong Stadium court. But with 43 unforced errors to his name and only two break points converted from 16, the former world number one looked unlikely to extend that run. "I'm going to feel like I beat myself," Federer told reporters after the match. "It was up to me to make the difference and I just couldn't. "I self-destructed, which is really disappointing. When things came to the crunch I just couldn't do it. It's frustrating." Robredo, by contrast, was full of confidence as he hit 70% of his first serves and sent numerous forehand winners whistling past his illustrious opponent. "I'm delighted. It's unbelievable. The difference is I won the break points today," said Robredo. With the ignominy of another early exit from a Grand Slam tournament, Federer, whose ranking has slipped to an unfamiliar No. 7, will face renewed speculation about his future. At 32, some question whether he can arrest the recent decline in his fortunes -- his last major title was at Wimbledon in 2012. "Roger is in a very vulnerable state. He's in a vulnerable position because he's moved down to No. 7 now," said legendary coach Nick Bollettieri in a recent interview with CNN. "Remember Pete Sampras went through a tough period. Fortunately for Pete he won a big one before he left the tour." But with younger rivals Novak Djokovic, Rafael Nadal and Andy Murray improving all the time, Federer will be acutely aware that his window of opportunity is rapidly closing. He has even experimented with a larger racquet head in a bid to find a solution to his on-court problems. And for Bollettieri, who has coached a number of former Grand Slam champions including Andre Agassi, there's a real concern that an underwhelming end to his career could undo the Federer legacy. "It would be a shame if people forgot who he was," he said. "Look at what he brought to the game. He brought class. He lived a beautiful private life. "He's quiet. He's always respectful of the sport. He's respectful of his opponents. You don't find too many people who represent life, whether it be business or sports, like this guy."
highlights: Five-time U.S. Open champion Roger Federer loses 7-6 (7/3) 6-3 6-4 to Tommy Robredo . This was the 32-year-old's earliest exit in New York for 10 years . Federer was denied a quarter-final clash with rival, Spain's Rafael Nadal . The Swiss star last won a Grand Slam title in 2012 at Wimbledon .
id: bcb041829d580ab538ff04fbcf08c7a1f7b4142a
chatgpt: Five-time U.S. Open champion Roger Federer has suffered an early exit from the tournament after losing to Tommy Robredo in straight sets. This is Federer's earliest exit in New York for ten years and has left fans in shock.  Robredo, ranked 39th in the world, defeated Federer 7-6 (7/3) 6-3 6-4 to advance to the quarterfinals. Federer, who had been expected to face his long-time rival Rafael Nadal, was denied the opportunity to do so. It is the first time in six years that Federer has failed to reach the quarterfinals of the U.S. Open. The Swiss star has not won a Grand Slam title since Wimbledon in 2012, and this latest defeat means that his hopes of adding to his record of 20 Grand Slam titles have been dashed. Federer, who is now 32 years old, has been plagued by injuries in recent years, and many have wondered if his best days were behind him. Federer, who had been seeded third at this year's tournament, started the match against Robredo well, but struggled to maintain his momentum. Robredo was able to capitalise on Federer's mistakes, giving him a crucial early lead in the first set. From there, Robredo played with great confidence, breaking Federer's serve twice in the second set to take a commanding lead. Despite Federer's best efforts, he was unable to claw his way back into the match. Robredo served well throughout the match and was able to keep Federer on the defensive for long periods of time. In the end, it was Robredo's consistent play and ability to exploit Federer's weaknesses that proved to be the difference. Federer's early exit has been a shock to many fans, who had hoped to see him continue his winning ways at this year's U.S. Open. However, his defeat has highlighted the challenges that older players face on the men's tour. With players like Novak Djokovic, Rafael Nadal, and Andy Murray dominating the Grand Slam scene in recent years, Federer's loss is a reminder that the competition is as fierce as ever. As for Robredo, his victory over Federer has been the biggest win of his career. The 37-year-old Spaniard has been playing some of his best tennis in recent months, and his impressive performances in New York have shown that he still has what it takes to compete at the highest level. The 2019 U.S. Open has been full of surprises, and Federer's early exit is just the latest. As the tournament continues, fans will be watching closely to see who will emerge as the champion in both the men's and women's draws. For now, however, the focus will be on Tommy Robredo, who has proven that he can beat the best in the world.