article: (CNN) -- Luke Donald may have surrendered his supremacy in world golf to Rory McIlroy this year, but he has the chance to get the last laugh of 2012 as the duo go head to head for the final round of the European Tour season on Sunday. The top-ranked duo remained locked at the top of the leaderboard at the $8 million World Tour Championship on Saturday, having moved three shots clear of the 56-man field in Dubai. World No. 1 McIlroy, who emulated his Ryder Cup teammate by winning both the European and U.S. PGA Tour money lists this year, recovered from an opening bogey as he fired five birdies and an eagle in his six-under-par 66. He is already guaranteed $1 million for winning the Race To Dubai with two events to spare, but there is also $1.35 million at stake for finishing first on Sunday. "I think everyone is looking forward to the number one and number two duel, and that's the way it's panned out," said the 23-year-old McIlroy, who has been struggling with a fever. "I know I'm excited about it, and I'm sure a lot of people are. It will be a great way to finish the 2012 European Tour season." Donald has now gone 100 holes without dropping a shot at Dubai's Jumeirah Golf Estates' Earth Course following his flawless six-birdie 66. The last player to win a tournament without carding a bogey was Jesper Parnevik in 1995. "That's pretty good. I guess that's my style -- I don't make too many mistakes," said the 35-year-old Englishman. "It's going to be fun -- great for the crowd and everyone watching around the world. Hopefully we can make some birdies." Neither player has won the season-ending event, which was launched in 2009 -- when Lee Westwood triumphed to overhaul McIlroy in the money list. They are being chased by South Africa's Charl Schwartzel and Louis Oosthuizen, who carded 67 and 68 respectively on Saturday to be on 14-under 202 after three rounds. Their compatriot Branden Grace, a four-time winner on the European Tour this year, was tied for fifth on 12 under with Dutchman Joost Luiten. Justin Rose, third in the Race To Dubai standings, was tied for seventh on 11 under after a 69 -- one shot ahead of second-placed Swede Peter Hanson (70).
highlights: Top-ranked Rory McIlroy shares lead with No. 2 Luke Donald at European Tour finale . Duo will take a three-shot lead into final round of World Tour Championship in Dubai . McIlroy has emulated Donald by winning the European and U.S. PGA Tour money lists . They will be battling for the $1.35 million first prize on offer for the tournament winner .
id: b438b0ad7239ac0d817293e973d55f4aab12477f
chatgpt: Top-ranked golfer Rory McIlroy and No. 2 Luke Donald are tied for the lead heading into the final round of the European Tour finale at the World Tour Championship in Dubai. The two golfers will go into the final round with a three-shot lead, and will battle it out for the $1.35 million prize for the tournament winner. McIlroy has matched Donald's feat by winning both the European and U.S. PGA Tour money lists. The talented golfer has had a successful year and is gunning for the prize that would be the perfect ending to the year. Both players have shown great skill and consistency throughout the event, and it promises to be an exciting final round. McIlroy and Donald are no strangers to success. McIlroy has been at the top of the golfing world and is known for his powerful swing and impressive putting skills. Donald, on the other hand, is known for his accuracy and consistency on the course. The two golfers have been neck and neck throughout the competition, and it promises to be a thrilling final. The tournament has been a display of world-class golf, with talented golfers from around the world competing for the top spot. McIlroy and Donald have been at the forefront of this competition, and they have shown why they are among the best golfers in the world. Going into the final round, McIlroy and Donald will be looking to continue their impressive form and make the most of the opportunities presented to them. The stakes are high, and the pressure will be intense, but the two golfers have the experience and talent needed to come out on top. As the final round approaches, golf fans around the world will be eagerly watching to see who will be crowned the champion. McIlroy and Donald have shown that they can perform under pressure, and it will be interesting to see who will hold their nerve and come out on top. In conclusion, with McIlroy and Donald sharing the lead heading into the final round of the World Tour Championship in Dubai, the golfing world is in for a thrilling finish. Both golfers are at the top of their game, and it promises to be an exciting finale as they battle it out for the coveted $1.35 million first prize.