article: Phil Parkinson hailed a result to put Bradford City back on the footballing map as the League One side stormed back from two goals down to dump Premier League leaders Chelsea out the FA Cup. The City manager set his sights on Manchester United in the next round after an incredible comeback at Stamford Bridge left Jose Mourinho’s hopes of the ‘Quadruple’ in tatters. Trailing to first-half goals from Gary Cahill and Ramires, a terrific strike from Jon Stead shortly before the break gave them hope and second-half goals from Filipe Morais, Andy Halliday and Mark Yeates ensured a famous win against all the odds. Bradford City manager Phil Parkinson is congratulated by Mourinho having masterminded a shock win . And Parkinson, who guided the then-League Two side to the League Cup final in 2013, reckoned this result was every bit as good. ‘It has put Bradford on the map again,’ said Parkinson. ‘Two years ago we did that and today we have got a lot of people talking about Bradford again. ‘When we were on the pitch at the end celebrating, it did feel a bit surreal. We’ve come to the league leaders and scored four goals. Bradford manager Phil Parkinson (right) and his players and staff celebrate their third goal . ‘It’s a great feeling and it will be remembered in Bradford for a long time and the rest of the country as well. It was a great performance from the lads, we were disciplined throughout and we always carried a threat going forward. ‘We’re at our best when we’re positive and we showed that today. To be 2-0 down, the heads never dropped. As much as the goals were highlights, the honesty and the discipline of the performance was brilliant.’ The thrilling 4-2 win sent Bradford’s 6,000 travelling fans at Stamford Bridge into dreamland and Parkinson hopes another glamorous tie awaits. The Bradford squad celebrate their famous FA Cup fourth round win at Stamford Bridge on Saturday . ‘If Man United get through against Cambridge, I’d love to have a go at them,’ he said. ‘I’m sure if we went to Old Trafford, we’d have 15,000 fans there. It was like a home game in the second-half and I’m just so pleased for every one of them.’
highlights: League Two Bradford City beat Premier League leaders Chelsea 4-2 . Phil Parkinson now hopes to face Manchester United in fifth round . Louis van Gaal's side were taken to replay by League One Cambridge .
id: 8ccdeeac87116d90c8a4991372004a83fd58b6dd
chatgpt: In what can only be described as a huge upset, League Two team Bradford City emerged victorious against Premier League leaders Chelsea in a thrilling encounter that ended 4-2 at Stamford Bridge. The Bantams, who are in the fourth tier of English football, were not expected to give Chelsea much trouble, but they played with a spirit and determination that left the home team grappling for answers. Phil Parkinson, Bradford City's manager, was elated with his team's performance and said he would relish the opportunity to face Manchester United in the next round of the FA Cup. "We are not afraid of anyone," he said. "We have proven that we can compete with the big boys, and we will be looking to do the same against United." Louis van Gaal's Manchester United had to battle to overcome League One team Cambridge in their fourth round tie. The match ended 0-0, which meant that the teams had to play a replay at Old Trafford. Despite fielding a strong side in the replay, United struggled to break down Cambridge, who held the Premier League team to a 0-0 draw at half-time. However, goals from Juan Mata and Marcos Rojo secured a 3-0 victory for United and set up a fifth round tie with Bradford City. Bradford City made a bright start to the match against Chelsea and took the lead in the fourth minute through a goal from Jon Stead. However, Chelsea soon equalized with a goal from Ramires, and then went ahead through a goal from Gary Cahill. The London team seemed to have the game under control, but Bradford City refused to roll over and equalized in the second half through a goal from Felipe Morais. With the game poised at 2-2, Bradford City took the lead again through a goal from Andy Halliday. To cap off a stunning night for the Bantams, Mark Yeates scored a late goal to make it 4-2 and send the Bradford City fans into raptures. The victory was Bradford City's third against Premier League opposition in this season's FA Cup. They had previously beaten Sunderland and Aston Villa in the third and fourth rounds respectively. The Bantams have now become the first League Two team to reach the fifth round of the FA Cup since 2004. They will be hoping to emulate that year's heroics of Millwall, who also reached the quarter-finals of the competition as a League Two team. This defeat will come as a shock for Chelsea, who are currently unbeaten at home in the Premier League this season. However, Jose Mourinho's side can take solace in the fact that they are still well-placed to win the Premier League this season, and are still alive in the Champions League and League Cup. As for Bradford City, the players and the fans will be savoring this victory for a long time to come, and will be drilling harder to keep their dream of lifting the FA Cup alive.