article: By . Alexandra Klausner . PUBLISHED: . 16:37 EST, 15 March 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 11:51 EST, 16 March 2014 . First there was Planking, then there was the Selfie Olympics, and now there is the newest meme called Whaling in which teens document themselves flipping like a whale leaping out from the sea. The latest online phenomenon of participants leaping back like a whale from behind various objects can be found on Vine under the hashtag #Whaling. Vine offers a definition for Whaling which is, 'to dive backwards with one's body in a public or unusual place, like a whale breaching the surface of the ocean.' Of course when there's no ocean to jump from, whalers jump out from behind toilet stalls, couches, and beds. Other more adventurous Whalers perform the stunt at fast food restaurants, grocery stores, diners, and even offices. Other trends like planking in which one takes photos of themselves in a yoga plank pose all over the city or the Selfie Olympics in which teens compete to create the most dangerous selfie may sink when compared to this latest online trend. Scroll down for video . This teen whales on a truck like a fish in water . Fish patties please! There's nothing like whaling at your local fast food joint . It's a booth fit for a whale in this vine snapshot . Two whales are better than one in this outrageous Vine . This whaler in the grocery store better buy dolphin safe tuna . Whaling in the kitchen is a tasty addition to the online trend . Some may remember the Selfie Game of 2014 in which teens try to post the most outrageous selfie . Each stunt in the Selfie Game is more dangerous than the next . This girl takes 'hanging out' to a new level in this generous selfie . You may plank the bride in this humorous meme photo . They serve 'plank steak' at this restaurant in this humorous plank pose . This man can plank even better having having a few beers .
highlights: The latest online phenomenon of . participants leaping back like a whale from behind various objects can . be found on Vine under #Whaling . Another recent meme was called The Selfie Olympics in which participants try to take the most outrageous selfie .
id: c02e6f81b1dc8ae74f72ed339c18c8e1215f6fb3
chatgpt: The latest trend taking social media by storm is the trend of "Whaling". This trend involves individuals leaping back like a whale from behind various objects such as a car, trash can or a tree, and capturing it on video. The idea behind this trend is to make it appear as if the individual is a whale breaching from the water. This trend can be found on Vine under the hashtag #Whaling and has gained immense popularity in the past few weeks. The trend has become so popular, that even celebrities like Justin Bieber and Kendall Jenner have joined in on the fun. Videos of individuals jumping and leaping back are getting thousands of likes and shares on social media. While some people argue that this trend is just a harmless form of entertainment, others are concerned about the potential risks and dangers involved in this activity. This trend is not the only one that has become an online phenomenon in recent years. The "Selfie Olympics" is another trend that has taken social media by storm. This trend involves individuals taking the most outrageous and creative selfies. Some people have been known to go to extreme lengths to get the perfect selfie, risking their safety to take a picture on the edge of a skyscraper or hanging off a cliff. While this trend has lost some of its popularity, there are still some die-hard contestants that continue to compete in the Selfie Olympics. As these trends become increasingly popular, it is important to remember that they can also be dangerous. The potential risks and dangers of these trends should not be ignored as they can lead to serious injuries or even death. It is important for individuals to be mindful of their actions and not take unnecessary risks in the pursuit of social media fame. As these trends continue to evolve and gain popularity, it remains to be seen what the next social media phenomenon will be. One thing is for certain, the power of the internet, and the influence of social media continues to amaze us all.