article: By . Steve Nolan . PUBLISHED: . 07:43 EST, 25 September 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 09:02 EST, 25 September 2013 . Green MP Caroline Lucas has been charged with public order offences following her arrest during anti-fracking protests in Surrey last month. The Crown Prosecution Service confirmed this afternoon that Ms Lucas is to be prosecuted for 'breaching a police order and 'blocking the highway'. The Brighton MP was among 30 people arrested on August 19 at the Cuadrillia drilling site in Balcombe as police cracked down on protestors. Charged: Green MP Caroline Lucas, left, pictured at the Sussex protests last month has been charged with public order offences in relation to the demonstrations . Opposition: Ms Lucas mingles with other protestors at the Cuadrillia drilling site in Balcombe . She will appear at Crawley Magistrates Court on October 9. Nigel Pilkington, a senior lawyer with the Crown Prosecution Service South East, said: 'Following an investigation by Sussex police, the Crown Prosecution Service has received a file of evidence in relation to Ms Caroline Lucas MP, who was arrested during the anti-fracking demonstrations at the Cuadrillia drilling site in Balcombe last month. 'After careful consideration, we have concluded that there is sufficient evidence and that it is in the public interest to prosecute Ms Lucas for breaching a police order on public assemblies and wilful obstruction of the highway. 'Sussex Police has therefore been authorised to charge one count of breach of a section 14 order contrary to section 14 of the Public Order Act 1986 and one count of Wilful Obstruction of the Highway contrary to section 137 of the Highways Act 1980.' Protestor: The Green MP for Brighton Pavilion had warned about the dangers of fracking before her arrest last month . News of Ms Lucas's charges comes as she was due to join East Sussex firefighters as they go on strike in a row about pensions and pay. Miss Lucas had joined scores of other protestors at the exploratory drilling site at Balcombe last month. She had warned that that fracking could cause 'extreme damage' to the environment for years to come. More than 100 arrests have been made since the demonstrations sprung up in July. For more than seven weeks, Sussex Police has been overseeing the encampment of dozens of activists outside an exploratory oil drilling site in Balcombe. Amid sometimes tense scenes, officers have been ensuring deliveries enter the site where energy firm Cuadrilla has been conducting test drilling. Although no hydraulic fracturing has been taking place, the village has been thrust to the forefront of anti-fracking protests. The cost of the policing operation in Balcombe has hit more than £2.4 million, leading Sussex’s police and crime commissioner Katy Bourne to ask the Home Office for financial help. Sorry we are unable to accept comments for legal reasons.
highlights: The Green MP was one of 30 arrested at protests in Balcombe, Surrey . Ms Lucas, MP for Brighton Pavilion, will appear in court next month . More than 100 arrests made since protests begun at the site in July .
id: 247fd066ae71c0d56c4f89258f94fd4f13c40739
chatgpt: Green Party MP Caroline Lucas was among the 30 people who were arrested during protests in Balcombe, Surrey. Lucas, who represents the constituency of Brighton Pavilion, was reportedly amongst a group of demonstrators who had gathered to voice their opposition to the ongoing fracking operations in the area. Ms Lucas was subsequently charged with breaching Section 14 of the Public Order Act and has been summoned to appear in court next month. She joins a growing list of over 100 protesters who have been taken into custody since the demonstrations began in July. The protests have been taking place near the site where energy company Cuadrilla is undertaking exploratory drilling in order to extract shale gas. The activity has attracted widespread criticism from local people and environmental campaigners due to concerns about the potential impact on both the environment and the health of those living in the area. Many protesters have criticised the police response to the demonstrations, claiming that they have been met with heavy-handed tactics and disproportionate force. A number of arrests have been made for a range of offences, including obstruction of a highway and assaulting police officers. Despite the arrests, the protests show no sign of abating, with campaigners vowing to continue their opposition to the fracking operations. Groups have been staging a series of peaceful sit-ins and blockades, with many participants coming from across the UK to show their support. Environmentalists argue that fracking represents a significant threat to the environment, due to the potential for leaks and contamination of the water supply. The process of fracking involves pumping water and chemicals into shale rock, in order to release natural gas. Opponents claim that this poses a risk to both the local ecology and human health. Cuadrilla has stated that it is committed to protecting the environment, and operates according to stringent safety guidelines. The energy company claims that shale gas is an important source of energy, which has the potential to be a major contributor to the UK's energy mix. The protests in Balcombe are not the first of their kind, with similar demonstrations having taken place in other parts of the UK. Campaigners have taken heart from the success of their counterparts in the US, where a backlash against fracking has led to a number of states banning the practice altogether. As the controversy surrounding fracking continues, the protests in Balcombe look set to continue for the foreseeable future. With both sides of the debate passionately committed to their cause, it remains to be seen what the ultimate outcome of the debate will be. However, it is clear that the ongoing protests are having a significant impact, both in terms of raising public awareness of the issue and in shaping the political debate around fracking.