article: By . Rob Waugh . PUBLISHED: . 08:53 EST, 21 March 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 10:01 EST, 22 March 2012 . Apple fans who rushed out to buy a new machine have been hit with another hidden expense - many 'Smart Covers' don't work with the new iPad. The £35 covers, a much-hyped feature of Apple's machine, use magnets to turn iPads on and off automatically when opened or closed. But Apple has changed the way the sensor works in the new machine - and many covers no longer work. The magnetic 'Smart Covers' are oen of the most recognisable features of the new iPad - but Apple has changed the sensor so that older covers will not work . People who own older Smart Covers have been worst hit. The problem affects third-party covers made by companies other than Apple. Apple's forums have been mobbed by furious iPad users, some demanding a free replacement. 'What is the option? Keep buying cases til you get one that works? Wow! Apple has done it again,' said one user. Smart Covers are one of the distinctive features of Apple's tablet, making it easier to use and more portable than rivals. When the iPhone 4 had reception problems due to the placement of its aerial - known as 'Antennagate' - the technology giant issued free cases to users. Manufacturers of third party cases such as Maroo are reportedly already issuing free replacements. Others are rushing to redesign their cases - having not been warned by Apple that the sensor would be changing. Another satisfied customer? A shopper walks out of London's Apple Store with new iPads this week - but fans have discovered the machines won't work with older Smart Covers . Apple was unavailable for comment.
highlights: Magnetic 'Smart Covers' meant to switch iPads on when opened . Much-hyped feature no longer works with new model . Apple has changed way magnetic sensor works . Older Smart Covers worst affected . Furious forum users call for refund .
id: d79aa2f4cc080e1b797f527fa7d48eb5d4ee29c3
chatgpt: Apple's magnetic "Smart Covers" for iPads were once touted as a revolutionary way to simplify the use of the popular tablet. These covers, equipped with sensors, were designed to switch the iPad on when opened and put it to sleep when closed. However, with the release of new models, users are discovering that this feature no longer works. The change is due to Apple's decision to alter the way the magnetic sensor works on their new models. Unfortunately, this move has only served to frustrate customers who had grown accustomed to the now-defunct feature. The effect on the older Smart Covers has been the worst. Many users have taken to online forums to share their dissatisfaction and call for refunds. "I'm really disappointed," wrote one upset user. "I relied on that feature and now it's gone." Another complained, "This is just another example of Apple taking a step backward with its technology." This change has also led to many customers shelling out additional money to purchase new covers, which can add up to a hefty expense in the long run. Critics argue that Apple should have given more warning to its customers about this change to save them additional costs and frustration. Smart Covers were first introduced in 2011 with the iPad 2 and have been a popular accessory ever since. They were designed to not only protect the tablet but also to give an added convenience factor to its usage. The covers have magnetized flaps that fold out to protect the screen and also fold back to be used as a stand. Apple has yet to issue a statement regarding the issue, and it remains to be seen if they will address the concerns of their disgruntled customers. In the meantime, many have taken to social media to voice their frustration at the loss of a once-beloved feature.