article: (CNN) -- A compromised levee in Poplar Bluff, Missouri, failed Tuesday, forcing authorities to order more evacuations in the region. The levee failed in at least four locations along a two-mile stretch along the Black River, City Manager Doug Bagby said. The failure was sending floodwaters from the Black River into a populated but rural area of Butler County, sparing the city of Poplar Bluff, said the city's deputy police chief, Jeff Rolland. Authorities were worried about another one to three inches of rain in the forecast. It was unclear how many people might eventually be affected by the flooding, Butler County Sheriff's Detective Scott Phelps said. As of midafternoon Tuesday, several hundred homes had been evacuated in the county, he said. The breaks occurred between Poplar Bluff and the community of Qulin, about 12 miles to the southeast. Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon said 59 water rescues were conducted and nearly 7,000 people had to be moved in Butler County. Bagby said about 1,000 of them are city residents, with more than 200 being sheltered at Black River Coliseum. Flood levels are dropping slowly, Bagby said, and people may be able to return to their homes Wednesday afternoon if the trend continues. "It's sunny in Poplar Bluff right now," Bagby said on Tuesday afternoon. The city has received 15 inches of rain in the last four days, Rolland said -- five of them in just one storm Monday. "It's just extraordinary," Rolland said. Nixon deployed about 200 members of the Missouri National Guard to Poplar Bluff and the southeastern corner of the state for what the National Weather Service said could be record flooding. Nixon ordered troops to help with efforts to shore up levees near Poplar Bluff and other river communities, among other duties. "A lot of people are getting very worried that they're going to see higher levels than they've ever seen before," said Aaron Luke, a Nashville resident, who visited family in the Poplar Bluff area over the weekend. Luke left his car at an aunt's house north of Poplar Bluff when rising waters prevented him from leaving the area. "I had to grab a rental car to get out and return to Nashville," he said, after using a boat to get across a swollen creek. Authorities ordered residents most at risk to evacuate immediately. Other residents near the river were asked to closely monitor developments and water levels in their neighborhoods, the police department said. Daryl Nelson helped evacuate his father and sister from the south end of the city. "You don't know when it's going to be over and you can get back in," he told CNN affiliate KFVS. "It's better than getting everything ruined." Poplar Bluff resident Alleesha Gloyd, 29, said many streets were flooded Monday night. "They're not driving wisely at all," she said of area motorists. CNN's Ed Payne, Phil Gast, Marlena Baldacci, Michael Pearson and Kara Devlin contributed to this report.
highlights: 59 people rescued in Poplar Bluff area . Levee fails, sending water rushing into rural part of Butler County, Missouri . Missouri's governor has enlisted the National Guard in the flood fight .
id: e51d62d8d934c65594b7d5048cdcd4e2049bcc86
chatgpt: In the early hours of Tuesday, a levee breached in the Poplar Bluff area, causing floodwaters to rush into the rural parts of Butler County, Missouri. The sudden deluge of water caused widespread damage and left many residents stranded. Fortunately, rescue personnel sprang into action, and a total of 59 people were saved from the floodwaters. The majority of those rescued were from low-lying areas that had been severely impacted by the levee failure. Missouri Governor Mike Parson has been closely monitoring the situation and has deployed the National Guard to assist in the ongoing flood fight. The Guard is currently providing immediate relief and is helping to reinforce any additional levees that may be at risk of failing. The situation in Butler County is tense, as residents brace for further flooding. The levee that breached is part of a larger network of levees that have been weakened due to the years of heavy rainfall in the area. Many residents are worried that more levees may fail, leading to a flooding catastrophe. The National Weather Service has issued a flood warning for the region, urging residents to stay vigilant and be prepared to evacuate if necessary. The risk of flash floods is still high, and people in low-lying areas have been advised to move to higher ground. In a statement, Governor Parson said, "This is a time of great crisis for the people of Butler County, and we will spare no effort to ensure that they have the support they need. We are grateful to the National Guard for their swift response and for their tireless efforts to protect our communities." Local authorities have set up emergency shelters and are providing food and supplies to those affected by the flooding. However, many residents are still reeling from the impact of the flood, and it will take some time for them to recover from the damage caused. The levee failure in Butler County is just one example of the ongoing flood devastation that has hit many parts of the Midwest. This year's flooding has been particularly severe due to heavy rainfall and snowmelt. The situation is complicated by the fact that many of the levees in the region are old and in a state of disrepair. As the floodwaters in Butler County recede, it is clear that there will be a significant effort required to rebuild damaged properties and infrastructure. Many of the affected residents have lost everything and will need all the support they can get to get back on their feet. For now, the focus remains on ensuring the safety of those affected by the flooding in Butler County. The National Guard continues to work around the clock to contain the situation, and local authorities are doing everything they can to support those in need. However, it is clear that this will be a long and challenging road to recovery.