article: Will Carling and Lewis Moody were among those questioning Wales' decision to keep George North on the pitch against England - despite the winger appearing to be knocked out twice. North suffered two head injuries during Wales' 21-16 defeat at the Millennium Stadium in the opening match of the 2015 Six Nations on Friday night. Moody, capped 71 times by England, posted on Twitter: 'Why was George North not taken off - terrible decision by the medics. Out cold.' George North (left) is taken off the field by Wales team doctor Geoff Davies before later returning . North (bottom) is inadvertently kicked in the face by England second row Dave Attwood on Friday . The Wales wing appeared to be knocked out twice during his side's 21-16 Six Nations loss against England . BBC commentator and former England international Brian Moore also commented: 'I think he (North) is definitely concussed. I am surprised he has been kept on the field.' Wales coach Warren Gatland though was adamant all the correct medical procedures were followed. After the game, he said: 'Didn't see second-one but George North passed all protocols first time. We'll have to see how he is over next few days.' In the first half, the 22-year-old Northampton Saints winger was inadvertently kicked in the face by England second row Dave Attwood. Despite being given initial treatment and being temporarily replaced by wing Luke Williams for almost five minutes, North returned to the field. His game greatly suffered, however, and he was then seemingly knocked out cold again in the second half. This time, North was attempting to tackle England's Mike Brown with the help of his Wales team-mate Richard Hibbard - but the hooker accidentally smashed his head into the wing's nose. North slumped to the ground, clearly not in control of his own body. He remained on the field for the entire match though, much to the disappointment of many ex-professionals onTwitter. North (right) and his captain Sam Warburton look on during Wales' defeat to England . The 22-year-old (left), missing a tackle on Jonathan Joseph, saw his game suffer after the first head injury . North puts his hands on his knees and looks on during Wales' loss to England at the Millennium Stadium . The Wales wing (right) tries to tackle England's Anthony Watson during the Six Nations clash . Moody added: 'Great win for a injury ravaged young england. Jonathan Joseph, George Ford were sublime. Disappointed with medics allowing North to continue.' Former England skipper Carling also tweeted, saying: 'I really don't think George North should still be on the pitch. He looks very dazed.' Meanwhile, former Scotland international Rory Lamont - who was capped 29 times by his country - tweeted: 'George North knocked out twice in one game and still on the pitch. How is this still happening?'
highlights: George North suffered two head injuries in Wales' 21-16 loss to England . Wales wing appeared to be knocked out twice at Millennium Stadium . The 22-year-old Northampton winger played the entire 80 minutes though . Will Carling, Lewis Moody and Brian Moore all questioned the decision . Moore said on BBC Commentary: 'I think North is definitely concussed'
id: 20f2b7c7144c23514cde2d5842b5a8b03cf22282
chatgpt: George North, the Welsh wing, suffered two head injuries during Wales' 21-16 loss against England at the Millennium Stadium. The 22-year-old Northampton winger appeared to be knocked out twice during the match, but surprisingly played the entire 80 minutes despite his injuries. Players from both sides looked on with concern as North stayed on the field despite the repeated knocks. Former England international players Will Carling, Lewis Moody, and Brian Moore all questioned the decision to allow North to continue playing after his second injury. Moore, who was commentating on the match for the BBC, said, "I think North is definitely concussed. He has to come off." Concussions are a major concern in rugby, and the decision to allow North to continue playing has raised questions about player welfare. Rugby has tough guidelines on how to manage head injuries during a game, but there have been instances where players have continued to play despite showing clear signs of concussion. North's case highlights how rugby still has a long way to go in terms of protecting players from the long-term effects of head injuries. Concussions can cause serious brain damage, and players who suffer repeated concussions are at risk of developing dementia and other neurological conditions later in life. The Welsh Rugby Union has defended the way the situation was handled with a spokesperson stating, "George was fully assessed by the medical team at the time and throughout the game, and was deemed fit to continue playing." The issue of concussions in rugby has become a hot topic in recent years, with many players and medical experts calling for stricter rules and better enforcement of existing guidelines. Rugby is a physical game, and injuries are an inevitable part of the sport. However, player welfare must be the top priority, and this incident has raised concerns over whether enough is being done to protect players from the long-term risks of head injuries. North's case shows that despite the best efforts of medical teams and governing bodies, rugby still has a long way to go in terms of dealing with the issue of concussions. The sport must continue to strive towards protecting its players and ensuring that they are not put at unnecessary risk. In conclusion, the issue of head injuries in rugby is a serious concern that needs to be addressed. The case of George North highlights the need for stricter rules and greater enforcement of existing guidelines to ensure player welfare is protected. Rugby must continue to work towards reducing the risks of head injuries and protecting its players, both in the short and long term.