article: By . Mia De Graaf . PUBLISHED: . 19:59 EST, 4 January 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 04:49 EST, 5 January 2014 . Earnings: Convicted paedophile Ian Watkins will earn £147,497 in assets after Lostprophets disband and more than £100,000 in royalties . Paedophile rock star Ian Watkins will earn more than £150,000 while serving a 29-year jail sentence for child sex offences. The singer's conviction forced his former band, the Lostprophets, to break up - and distribute their assets worth more than £700,000, it has been revealed. Watkins, who is currently jailed in top-security Wakefield prison, is contracted to take £147,497 in the deal. And music experts claim the convicted molesterer will earn more than £100,000 in royalties during his sentence. The 36-year-old, from Pontypridd, pleaded guilty to three counts of child sexual assault at a trial in Cardiff Crown Court last month. But today it emerged Goonies Touring Company, which handles Lostprophets' finances, will distribute the earnings, as instructed by the other four members. A source told the Daily Star Sunday: 'Watkins is entitled to the money because it is cash earned by the band before this scandal. 'It is not money earned from criminal enterprises so it can't be confiscated by the state.' Music lawyer Craig Brookes explained that as the band's lyricist, Watkins will be in line for a big cut of any fees generated. 'The biggest income stream will almost certainly be publishing which, even if radio play has stopped, will still be pretty big,' he told Wales on Sunday. 'This is because PRS and their equivalents in different countries allocate money on a spot-check basis. 'So you're going to get money for plays in gyms and hairdressers and on juke boxes and all that stuff. The group split up following Watkins' (second right) arrest. The other members have attacked his actions, saying they all feel 'heartbroken, angry, and disgusted' 'They will say, "This is how much music is in the market place so it is likely you are due this amount."' Lostprophets were founded in Pontypridd in 1997 and the band sold about 3.5 million albums worldwide. His former bandmates have turned their back on him - saying they are 'heartbroken, angry, and disgusted' at his sex crimes and have urged more of his victims to contact police.
highlights: Lostprophets distributing assets having disbanded after conviction . Watkins, 36, currently serving 29 years for serial sex offences . Set to earn £147,497 in assets and more than £100,000 in royalties .
id: d65bbce603133a022c9cc148859f09f90d018fbe
chatgpt: After the disbandment of the Welsh rock band Lostprophets due to the conviction of their lead singer, Ian Watkins, the remaining members have taken steps to distribute their assets. Watkins, who is currently serving a 29-year sentence for serial sex offenses, is set to earn a substantial amount from the distribution of assets, including over £147,000 in assets and more than £100,000 in royalties. Lostprophets had been a successful band since their formation in 1997, releasing five studio albums and achieving widespread commercial success. However, their legacy has been marred by the heinous crimes committed by Watkins, which led to the disbandment of the group in 2013. It is reported that the disbursement of assets was initiated by the band's management in order to provide a degree of closure for the band members, many of whom were left shocked and shaken by the revelations concerning Watkins. The remaining band members have reportedly been keen to distance themselves from Watkins and to ensure that their earnings do not benefit him in any way. The distribution of assets includes various items of band merchandise, as well as studio equipment and instruments. The royalties, on the other hand, will be paid out for the use of Lostprophets' music in various forms, including streaming, downloads, and licensing. It is worth noting that Watkins' earnings from the distribution of assets and royalties are unlikely to alleviate the financial implications of his conviction, which resulted in significant loss of revenue for the remaining members of the band. Lostprophets had been due to embark on a tour at the time of Watkins' arrest, which was subsequently cancelled, resulting in substantial financial losses. The disbursement of assets marks the end of an era for Lostprophets and highlights the lasting impact of Watkins' actions on the band members and their fans. While the remaining members of the band have expressed their desire to move on from the scandal, it is clear that the effects will be felt for many years to come. In conclusion, the distribution of assets following the disbandment of Lostprophets highlights the lingering impact of Ian Watkins' crimes on the band and the music industry as a whole. While it may provide a degree of closure for the remaining members of the band, it is unlikely to alleviate the ongoing financial losses caused by Watkins' actions. It is a sobering reminder of the need for greater vigilance in protecting vulnerable individuals from sexual exploitation and abuse.