article: Moscow's ambassador to Britain was summoned to the Foreign Office last night after two Russian bombers flew over the English Channel. In scenes reminiscent of the Cold War, the diplomat was asked to account for the incursion of the military aircraft, which caused civil flights to be diverted or delayed on Wednesday. The long-range Tu-95 'Bear' bombers flew within 25 miles of the coast – through an area busy with passenger aircraft – forcing the RAF to scramble Typhoon jets. Scroll down for video . Off you go: A Russian Bear is escorted by an RAF jet during an alert in September. (File picture) The fly-by is the most daring yet by the Russian military and comes amid worsening relations between Westminster and the Kremlin – highlighted this week by the opening of the inquiry into the murder of former KGB spy Alexander Litvinenko. The Foreign Office said Wednesday's incident was part of an 'increasing pattern of out-of-area operations by Russian aircraft'. A spokesman added: 'While the Russian planes did not enter sovereign UK airspace and were escorted by RAF Typhoons throughout the time they were in the UK area of interest, the Russian planes caused disruption to civil aviation. 'That is why we summoned the Russian ambassador today to account for the incident.' Experts said Vladimir Putin's move to send planes capable of carrying nuclear missiles so close to British shores could be seen as an act of aggression. They said the manoeuvre in the English Channel could have been designed to probe the RAF's speed of reaction. Closely watched: RAF Typhoon jets were scrambled in October to track this Russian Tu-95 Bear H bomber, one of two which flew close to Britain without filing flight plans or communicating with air traffic controllers . But Defence Secretary Michael Fallon last month warned that Russia's aggressive incursions could accidentally down a passenger jet and accused president Vladimir Putin of playing a 'provocative and dangerous' game. RAF jets were scrambled more than 100 times last year to escort Russian bombers away from British airspace. In Wednesday's incursion, the Bears travelled right round the British Isles and were detected by long-range radars before being escorted away by RAF fighter jets based in Scotland and Lincolnshire. Although the aircraft were travelling in international airspace, they were deviating from a standard route, triggering a 'quick reaction alert'. An RAF spokesman said: 'The operations room was both calm and focused. We constantly train for these scenarios so that we are well-rehearsed and ready to maintain the integrity of our airspace.' Russian defence officials defended the incursion as part of a 19-hour 'air patrolling mission task' through the Barents and Norwegian Seas and Atlantic Ocean. A spokesman revealed that Norwegian and French aircraft also followed the bombers, which carried out two aerial refuelling manoeuvres.
highlights: Russian bombers flew over Channel in scenes reminiscent of Cold War . Russian diplomat asked to account for the incursion of military aircraft . It meant that civil fights were diverted or delayed on Wednesday .
id: 200be509495e350407e861ae8197ed869862fc9b
chatgpt: The tension between Russia and the west was heightened today as a fleet of Russian bombers were seen flying over the English Channel. The incident has raised concerns that relations between the two superpowers are becoming increasingly strained, with fears of a return to the political and military hostilities of the Cold War. The incident occurred early on Wednesday morning when a group of Russian bombers flew in formation over the Channel, forcing several civil flights to be diverted or delayed. The aircraft were identified as TU-95s, a type of military bomber, which are capable of carrying nuclear weapons. This move by Russia has sparked fears amongst Western leaders of a possible military provocation. The incursion was met with immediate concern and anger from UK officials, with the Russian Ambassador summoned to explain the incident. The NATO response has also been swift, with the organization condemning the incident in the strongest possible terms. The Russian government has yet to offer a formal response, but it is believed that the country's leaders are attempting to ramp up pressure against the West in response to increased tensions over the situation in Syria. "This is a serious and provocative act by the Russian government, which shows an unwillingness to engage with the international community," said a spokesperson for the UK Prime Minister's Office. "It is unacceptable for Russian bombers to fly over the Channel in this manner, and we hope that the Russian authorities will take steps to avoid similar incidents in the future." The incident has led to questions about the readiness of NATO in the face of renewed Russian aggression. Many Western governments have been increasing their military presence in the region in response to Russian provocations, but critics suggest that such actions are unlikely to deter Russia from engaging in further military actions. There are also concerns about the potential impact of the incident on relations between the UK and Russia, which have been strained in recent months. The UK government has been vocal in its criticism of Russian actions in Syria, and has been pushing for additional sanctions against the Russian government. This latest incident is likely to cause further damage to relations between the two countries. The UK government has also been facing criticism over its handling of the incident, with opposition politicians accusing the government of being insufficiently prepared to deal with Russian aggression. The Prime Minister has defended his government's response, however, saying that the UK will not be cowed by Russian actions. "We will not be intimidated by the actions of the Russian government," he said. "The UK is committed to working with our NATO partners to maintain peace and security in Europe, and we will continue to take whatever steps are necessary to ensure the safety of our citizens." The incident is likely to cast a long shadow over relations between Russia and the West in the coming months. With tensions already high over the situation in Syria, this latest incident is likely to exacerbate fears of a renewed Cold War-style confrontation between the two superpowers.