article: (CNN) -- Hungary -- whose economy is shrinking amid political wrangling -- has been vindicated for its use of "unconventional" policies and has emerged from crisis, its finance minister says. Gyorgy Matolcsy has overseen an economy that contracted 1.3% in the first quarter of this year, the worst performance in the European Union. However, it is expected to meet its 2012 budget deficit target of 2.5% of GDP, and Matolcsy said the country's "crisis is over." Matolcsy said the country had to implement a series of "unconventional economic policy measures" to bring down the deficit, including one-off levies and the effective nationalization of private pensions. The EU has lambasted the measures as unsustainable, but Matolcsy said such moves are "the future." The country was "forced to be innovative and creative," he added. Daimler gears up in Hungary . The EU froze €495 million of development funds for 2013 in response to the policies, but last month proposed lifting these sanctions as it felt the country was taking the right action to tackle its deficit. A meeting of EU finance ministers is expected to make a final decision later this month. Matolcsy said the moves may have been unusual, but had led to "growth, jobs and creativity." The EU "badly needed" some creativity, he said. Friction remains between the Hungarian government and its lenders, the EU and International Monetary Fund, over additional funds. The main sticking point is a law passed last year that the EU, European Central Bank and International Monetary Fund believe jeopardizes the independence of Hungary's central bank, the Magyar Nemzeti Bank. The law paved the way to an increase in council members and deputy governors, along with a new president who would have authority over the bank's governor. The plans raised concerns the bank's independent decision-making process could be undermined. The Hungarian parliament delayed a vote on amendments to the law this week after the ECB indicated that the changes had not gone far enough. Despite the pushback, Matolcsy is confident on Hungary's future. "The whole central European region will be the next hub for the global business community", he said. "It will be a region between Europe and Asia, between the States and the EU." He added: "It is the next emerging region and you can find Hungary at its heart." CNN's Anna Stewart contributed to this report.
highlights: Hungary has emerged from crisis, its finance minister says . Gyorgy Matolcsy says Hungary has had to use unconventional economic policy measures . Matolcsy: These measures have been lambasted but they are the future . Matolcsy: EU badly needs some creativity .
id: b2b8ed8a1b1bc4a54b5e509319497bb129503afc
chatgpt: Hungary's Finance Minister, Gyorgy Matolcsy, has publicly announced that the country has emerged from its economic crisis, following the implementation of unconventional economic policy measures. The politician said that although these procedures have been subject to criticism, they are the future of the nation. Matolcsy revealed his plans during an interview on Hungarian national television. He explained that his approach has so far proven successful, as evidenced by the country's recent economic growth. "We have taken the necessary steps to secure the future of Hungary's economy. As we continue to implement new measures, we are seeing positive results that are benefitting our citizens," he said. The finance minister also stated that his unorthodox approach to economic policy has not only helped Hungary, but could also be beneficial for the wider European Union. He said that the EU "badly needs some creativity" in its economic policies, and that all member states should be encouraged to experiment with new strategies. Matolcsy's unconventional approach has included policies that have focused on increasing household consumption, instead of just exports. He has also implemented measures that penalize foreign-owned companies for not reinvesting earnings back into the country, thereby stimulating growth. However, some experts are concerned about the stability of Hungary's economy, and are calling for more traditional, conservative economic policies to be implemented. "I think that the Hungarian government has taken a major risk by relying on unconventional policies to improve the economy. These policies may produce short-term benefits, but in the long term, they could be detrimental," says Peter Szijjarto, an economist at Budapest's Central European University. Despite the backlash, Matolcsy remains confident in his vision for Hungary's future. He says that he is willing to consider different approaches to economic policy, and is open to other suggestions that may be beneficial to the country's economic growth. Overall, Hungary's economic recovery could serve as a model for other countries in Europe, especially as they struggle with the economic fallout from the COVID-19 pandemic. As long as Matolcsy continues to experiment with new policies and strategies, Hungary could see continued economic growth and stability.