article: (CNN)  -- Low visibility caused by mist and sand created poor flying conditions for the pilot of an Afriqiyah Airways flight that crashed just before landing in Tripoli, Libyan sources with knowledge of the investigation said Saturday. The plane, an Airbus A330-200, originated in Johannesburg, South Africa, and was at the end of its nearly nine-hour flight when it crashed Wednesday. All but one of the 104 passengers on board were killed. The sources said that as the pilot approached Tripoli International Airport, he took the plane off auto-pilot hoping to manually land the aircraft. He realized he was in trouble and tried to pull the plane up and turn the auto-pilot back on to give it another try, the sources said. But the effort was too late and the plane slammed violently into the ground, explaining the condition of the wreckage and damage to the plane's tail at the crash site, the sources said. An investigation into the crash is under way, and authorities are reviewing the aircraft's flight data recorder. Meanwhile Ruben van Assouw, the 9-year-old sole survivor of the plane crash, has returned home to the Netherlands. He suffered multiple fractures to his legs and underwent surgery at Al Khadra Hospital, said a doctor at the hospital who declined to give her name. Both of Ruben's parents and a brother were killed in the crash, a Dutch foreign ministry representative said. Ruben's family issued a statement Friday expressing gratitude to people who have helped them, such as Libyan hospital professionals and Dutch envoys, as well as the outpourings of sympathy from citizens in both countries. The family also thanked "the vast majority of the Dutch media for respecting our privacy." The family, which will raise Ruben, said the boy knows that his parents and brother were killed. "Considering the circumstances, Ruben is doing fine. He is sleeping a lot; now and then he wakes up and is then lucid," the family said in the statement. "He has drunk a little, and has seen the flowers and cuddly toys." Ruben's family said it has to deal with "two kinds of grief" -- the sorrow the boy is enduring and the sadness over the loss of the other family members. "The coming period will be very difficult for us," the family said. "We hope that all the media will respect our privacy." More than two-thirds of the passengers killed in the plane crash were Dutch, the ministry said. Passengers from Libya, South Africa, Belgium, Austria, Germany, France, Zimbabwe and Britain were also among the victims, the airline said on its Web site. The Dutch foreign ministry said Friday it is sending more experts to Tripoli to help Libyan authorities and Dutch colleagues identify the victims.
highlights: Sources: Mist and sand created poor flying conditions for the pilot of crashed plane . Family says 9-year-old sole survivor knows his immediate family were killed in plane crash . Dutch foreign ministry sending experts to Tripoli to help authorities identify victims .
id: 006f05c3183eacea289414270c02872627f4a0b4
chatgpt: On Sunday, a tragic plane crash occurred in Tripoli, Libya, claiming the lives of seven people aboard the aircraft. The Boeing 707 cargo plane crashed just minutes after takeoff, killing all of the passengers except for one 9-year-old boy who miraculously survived. Sources report that the pilot of the plane was struggling with poor flying conditions caused by a combination of mist and sand, leading to the fatal crash. The exact cause of the crash is still under investigation, and authorities are working to determine if any other factors contributed. The family of the young survivor has issued a statement expressing their grief and devastation over the loss of their loved ones. The boy's immediate family members were all killed in the crash, leaving the young child to deal with the trauma and loss of his family. "He is aware of what has happened and that his parents, brother, and sister are no longer with us," the family said in their statement. "We are all heartbroken and struggling to come to terms with this terrible tragedy." In response to the devastating crash, the Dutch foreign ministry has announced that they will be sending experts to Tripoli to assist local authorities in identifying the victims. The cargo plane was registered in Turkey but was operated by a Libyan company, and it is unclear at this time how many of the victims were Turkish citizens. The crash is the latest tragic incident to occur in Libya, a country still reeling from years of civil war and political instability. Since the fall of former dictator Muammar Gaddafi in 2011, the country has struggled to establish a stable government and has become a hub for smugglers and extremist groups. As news of the crash spread, people around the world expressed their condolences to the victims' families and friends. The tragic accident serves as a reminder of the fragility of life and the importance of cherishing time with loved ones. Our thoughts are with the families and friends of those who lost their lives in this tragic incident, and we join the world in mourning their loss. We also extend our thoughts and well wishes to the brave young survivor who now faces a difficult journey in the wake of this unimaginable tragedy.