article: She may have moved across the Atlantic but Princess Eugenie hasn't forgotten her roots. The daughter of Prince Andrew was pictured in New York today wearing a vibrant scarf in the style of the Union flag emblazoned with the slogan 'God Save The Queen'. The monarch's granddaughter is being both patriotic and stylish with her choice of accessory as the silk scarf is an Alexander McQueen design which costs $425 (£263). Scroll down for video . Flying the flag: Princess Eugenie wore an Alexander McQueen scarf inspired by the Union Jack with the slogan 'God Save The Queen' on it in bold letters . Her long, colourful scarf stood out against the rest of her all-black outfit while she opted for comfortable footwear by donning pumps as she strolled through the Big Apple with a friend. But she looked ever the professional thanks to a smart statement bag on her shoulder. The 24-year-old moved to New York in September to work at online art auction house, Paddle8. The company launched in 2011 describing themselves as an 'auction house for the 21st-century collector' and have been backed by Damien Hirst, Matthew Mellon and Jay Jopling. Making friends: The royal was out in the Big Apple with a female companion . Settling in: Princess Eugenie moved to New York in September to start a new job . Professional princess: Eugenie teamed her $425 (£263) scarf with a black outfit and smart statement bag . Comfortable: She dressed down her look with flat pumps on her feet . While at work, the history of art graduate is simply known as Eugenie York and she's shunned the leafy, affluent Central Park area to live in the thriving Meatpacking District of Manhattan. The princess was reported to be anxious about her move as she knew few people in the city. Her departure has also meant she has to have a long distance relationship with boyfriend, Jack Brooksbank, who works for the London nightclub Mahiki. 'We spend a lot of time on Skype,' he said recently, according to YOU magazine. The royal certainly didn't seem homesick as she was out today as she was pictured laughing and chatting with her female companion. But perhaps her scarf was a comforting reminder of her family back home. Long distance love: Her boyfriend Jack Brooksbank is still in London and said they have been using Skype regularly since she moved .
highlights: Princess Eugenie moved to New York in September . Started new job at online auction house . Feared she may become homesick before departure . Pictured in Union flag scarf with slogan 'God Save The Queen' Accessory is Alexander McQueen design .
id: dfc563851463c100032374cc1c536a61eb876364
chatgpt: Princess Eugenie of York, granddaughter of Queen Elizabeth II, has recently relocated to New York City after accepting a new position with an online auction house. The princess, who previously worked at an art gallery in London, began her new job in September and is said to be settling in well in the Big Apple. However, it seems that the princess had some concerns about leaving her home country behind. It was reported that she feared she may become homesick before the departure, but it appears she is keeping a piece of home with her. Recently, the princess was pictured wearing a Union flag scarf with the slogan 'God Save The Queen'. The accessory is an Alexander McQueen design, a brand which the princess has been known to wear in the past. The 28-year-old princess has reportedly been living in an apartment in Manhattan, where she is enjoying exploring the city and all it has to offer. There has been no confirmation as to whether or not her new job will be a permanent move, or if she plans to return to London in the future. Princess Eugenie, who is ninth in line to the British throne, has long been considered a fashion icon in her own right. She is known for her unique sense of style, often opting for bold and daring looks that set her apart from other members of the royal family. Her choice of the Union flag scarf seems to reinforce her patriotism and love for her home country. The princess's move to New York has been met with mixed opinions from the public. Some have praised her for striking out on her own and pursuing a career outside of the royal family, while others have criticized her for using her connections to secure the high-profile position. However, the princess has remained focused on her work and seems to be thriving in her new role. It is yet to be seen what new challenges and experiences she will encounter in the coming months, but it is clear that she is embracing change with open arms. Overall, it seems that Princess Eugenie is enjoying her new life in New York and is not letting her fears of becoming homesick hold her back. With her Alexander McQueen Union flag scarf in tow, she is undoubtedly representing Britain in style as she embarks on this new chapter of her life.