article: WASHINGTON (CNN) -- The Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives said Wednesday it is changing its ways after an audit showed that the agency was losing guns and laptops, often through carelessness. ATF Director Michael Sullivan says the agency is revising its procedures on lost weapons and laptops. According to a Justice Department audit released Wednesday, the inspector general reported the ATF was unable to account for 76 weapons and 418 laptops over the past five years. The report said the rate of loss had tripled since the last audit was conducted by the ATF's then-parent agency, the Treasury Department. "It is especially troubling that ATF's rate of loss for weapons was nearly double that of the FBI and DEA," the report said. ATF Director Michael Sullivan said he agreed with most of the report's findings. "We are revising our procedures of reporting losses of weapons or laptops," Sullivan said. Of the 76 missing weapons, 35 were stolen from agents' homes, hotel rooms or vehicles, the report said.  Some of the others were left in public places or lost in shipping -- or their losses were still unexplained. Two of the stolen guns were used to commit crimes, the report said.  One was used to shoot through the window of a residence, and the other was recovered from suspects arrested on burglary charges. The inspector general determined that 53 percent of the weapon losses were the result of employees' carelessness or failure to follow ATF policies. Of the 418 laptops, 50 were reported stolen. The report said that in most cases, it was not clear whether the missing laptops contained sensitive or classified information.  Seven did; 13 did not. "ATF could not provide adequate information" about the contents of the other 398, the report said, and therefore, "ATF could not assess what damage these losses could have had on ATF's operations or national security." Few, if any, of the missing laptops had the data encrypted, according to the report. The ATF has nearly 5,000 agents, more than 7,500 laptops and more than 22,000 weapons, the report said. CNN's Terry Frieden contributed to this report.
highlights: Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives lost 76 weapons, report says . 35 of those were stolen, including two later used in crimes, says inspector general . ATF can't account for 418 laptops; many could hold classified material, report says . ATF says it's changing its procedures for dealing with missing weapons, laptops .
id: 4a28f14583dfe3fb3f9fcee748ffa172ac5cc116
chatgpt: A recent report by the inspector general has found that the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF) has lost 76 weapons, of which 35 were stolen. Shockingly, two of these stolen weapons were later used in crimes. The report also stated that the ATF cannot account for 418 laptops, and many of these laptops could potentially hold classified material. The report has led to concerns about the security of the ATF's weapons and information, especially since there have been cases where weapons stolen from government agencies have been used in violent crimes. The inspector general's report highlighted the need for the ATF to improve its procedures for handling missing weapons and laptops. The report further stated that the ATF is currently making changes to its procedures in dealing with missing weapons and laptops. The agency has implemented a new system that requires immediate reporting of any losses or thefts of weapons and laptops. The new system also includes training for employees to ensure proper safeguarding of weapons and equipment. The ATF has responded by acknowledging the inspector general's findings and highlighting its commitment to ensuring that all weapons and laptops are accounted for. The agency has stated that it will continue to work with the inspector general to strengthen its policies and procedures to prevent future losses. Many questions have been raised about why the ATF had not previously reported the missing weapons and laptops. The inspector general's report indicates that some of these losses may have been due to negligence on the part of ATF employees, who failed to properly secure the weapons and laptops. The report also highlights the potential security risks of the ATF's inability to account for so many laptops, especially those that could contain classified information. Without proper security measures in place, sensitive information could fall into the wrong hands and put national security at risk. Overall, the inspector general's report has exposed significant shortcomings in the ATF's procedures for safeguarding its weapons and information. The agency's response indicates a willingness to address these concerns, and it remains to be seen how effective the new procedures will be in preventing future losses.