article: It appears Raheem Sterling's bout of tiredness may be coming to an end after he was able to drive to Liverpool training on Wednesday. The winger has hit the headlines since telling England boss Roy Hodgson that he was 'too tired' to start Sunday's Euro 2016 qualifier against Estonia. On Tuesday midfielder Jordan Henderson drove the 19-year-old to Liverpool's Melwood training base ahead of their Premier League trip to QPR at the weekend. Raheem Sterling drove to Liverpool training on his own at their Melwood base on Wednesday . Sterling has been heavily criticised after complaining of tiredness this week while on international duty . Jordan Henderson arrived to Liverpool training on his own too after taking Sterling on Tuesday . Sterling (right) has complained of being tired and accepted the lift from Henderson (left) on Tuesday . Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard was also at training on Wednesday ahead of their clash against QPR . Sterling (right) told England boss Roy Hodgson (left) that he was too tired to start against Estonia on Sunday . Hodgson started Sterling (second right) on the bench for England's 1-0 Euro 2016 qualifying win in Estonia . This time though the pair arrived separately as Brendan Rodgers' side look to get their season into gear after a slow start. Hodgson left Sterling out of the starting line-up for England's 1-0 win over Estonia after the young playmaker complained of feeling tired. Sterling came on a second half substitute and won the free-kick that captain Wayne Rooney scored from to give England a 1-0 victory. Sterling (centre) came on as a second half substitute against Estonia in Tallinn . Sterling (centre) made an impact for England, winning the free-kick which Wayne Rooney scored from . Hodgson is expected to hold talks with Rodgers this week regarding their shared use of Sterling - and he could be left out of the trip to QPR on Sunday if deemed too tired again. Sterling has  received stern criticism for his actions and even appeared to speak out on his Twitter against his detractors. Despite this, a spoof Twitter account called '@tiredsterling' has been created mocking the Liverpool star. It has more than 16,000 followers to date. A spoof Twitter account called 'Tired Sterling' has been created mocking the 19-year-old Liverpool star .
highlights: Raheem Sterling took part in Liverpool training on Wednesday . Sterling drove to the Melwood training base on his own after Jordan Henderson took him on Tuesday . 19-year-old started England's Euro 2016 qualifier on the bench after complaining of tiredness . Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers and England manager Roy Hodgson will discuss Sterling's condition this week . A spoof Twitter account called 'Tired Sterling' has been created mocking the Liverpool star .
id: 5eee931e6505f11d1e1aaf942706f4c369756659
chatgpt: Liverpool forward Raheem Sterling trained with his teammates at the Melwood training base on Wednesday, a day after being given a lift to training by Liverpool captain Jordan Henderson. The 19-year-old had complained of tiredness ahead of England's Euro 2016 qualifier against Lithuania last Friday, and had to start the game on the bench as a result. Despite the issue being widely discussed in the media, Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers has not given any indication that he plans to rest Sterling for upcoming fixtures. In fact, the Northern Irishman has stressed that the young forward is an important player for the club, and that he will continue to manage him carefully. "Raheem is a very important player for us, but he is only 19 years old," Rodgers said. "We have to be careful with him and make sure he doesn't burn out too soon. We're in regular communication with the England management team and we will continue to discuss Raheem's condition with them." The issue of Sterling's fitness has even prompted a spoof Twitter account called 'Tired Sterling', which has been created to mock the young player. However, it remains to be seen whether the jokes will have any impact on Sterling's performances on the pitch. Meanwhile, England manager Roy Hodgson has also been closely monitoring Sterling's progress, and has indicated that he too will discuss the situation with Liverpool's medical staff. Speaking after England's comfortable 4-0 victory over Lithuania, Hodgson said: "We will monitor Raheem's fitness carefully and work closely with Liverpool to ensure that he doesn't become overworked. He's a talented young player, and we want to make sure that he performs at his best for England and Liverpool." It is clear that Sterling plays a crucial role in Liverpool's future plans, and the club will be keen to ensure that he remains fit and healthy for the rest of the season. With the player's fitness and performance levels under close scrutiny, both by Liverpool and English football fans, the pressure is on for the young star to prove himself on the pitch. Whether he will live up to those expectations or not remains to be seen.