article: By . Leon Watson . UPDATED: . 07:16 EST, 2 January 2012 . Surfing will try to wipe out drug cheats with a radical move to bring in comprehensive testing for the first time. The sport's international governing body, the Association of Surfing Professionals,  will roll out a policy for screening competitors this year. Surfing has long been associated with 1960s and 70s counter culture and the recreational use of marijuana and LSD. Surfer Andy Irons died from a heart attack with traces of crystal meth, methadone and cocaine in his blood . But now the sport is cracking down on its growing culture of performance enhancing drugs at its top level. It comes after the death of the triple world champion Andy Irons, from Hawaii, in November 2010. A postmortem found he died from a heart attack and 'acute mixed drug ingestion'. Traces of methadone, methamphetamine, also known as crystal meth, and a metabolite of cocaine were found in his bloodstream. Another professional surfer, Anthony Ruffo, a 47-year-old pioneer of the Santa Cruz scene in the 1980s, is facing a possible jail sentence for selling methamphetamine after he was caught with an ounce of the drug. ASP spokesman Dave Prodan told the Guardian: 'We believe this is a natural evolution in enhancing the professionalism of our sport.' Former world champion Andy Irons, of Hawaii, pictured holding up three fingers to the crowds as he claimed his third world championship title at the Nova Schin Festival at Imbituba, Brazil . Neco Padaratz (centre), who was suspended after he tested positive for performance-enhancing anabolic steroids, ride out on the world's longest surfboard in 2005 . He added that the ASP have been in discussions over regulations with the World Anti Doping Agency for more than two years. Professional . surfers compete for prizes of up to $100,000 (£65,000) and testing is . already carried out at some European events and in the UK and Ireland. In 2005, the Brazilian surfer Neco Padaratz was suspended after he tested positive for performance-enhancing anabolic steroids at an event in Hossegor on the French Atlantic coast. Peter Davi, a pioneering big wave surfer, was found to have high levels of methamphetaine in his blood after he died in December 2007 riding a 20m wave off California. He sustained head and chest injuries, probably from being dashed against jagged rocks. Gerry Fitzgerald, a professional in Ireland, said that for most surfers, the idea of taking drugs before tackling dangerous waves was anathema. 'I have seen guys who are stoners and they drop off the scene because it is not sustainable,' he said. 'Athletes are training hard. The way the contests are now, it will catch up with you.' Pancho Sullivan, a professional surfer from Hawaii said he supported the new testing regime despite a tradition of recreational drug use in the sport.
highlights: Sport's elite athletes face testing . Move follows death of Hawaiian star Andy Irons .
id: 1bafba76e3b81d55b108b10296752a67a2d358ca
chatgpt: In the wake of the untimely death of Hawaiian surfing legend Andy Irons, authorities are stepping up their efforts to ensure the safety of elite athletes in the sport. Irons, a three-time world champion surfer, died in 2010 from a heart attack brought on by a combination of drugs in his system and an undiagnosed autoimmune disease. Following Irons' death, the World Surf League (WSL) implemented a stringent drug-testing program to discourage the use of performance-enhancing substances among its athletes. Now, the organization is taking additional steps to ensure that its athletes are healthy and safe during competition. In an interview with Fox News, WSL CEO Erik Logan said that the organization is working closely with medical professionals to develop a comprehensive athlete wellness program. He explained that the program will address not only drug use, but also other factors that can impact the health and performance of surfers, such as nutrition and sleep. "We want to make sure that we're doing everything we can to support our athletes and make sure that they're healthy and safe," Logan said. "We know that surfing can be a dangerous sport, and we don't want our athletes taking unnecessary risks." The WSL's drug-testing program is already among the most rigorous in professional sports. The league conducts both in-competition and out-of-competition testing, and can test athletes at any time without prior notice. The WSL also works closely with other organizations, such as the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA), to ensure that its testing procedures are up to date and effective. Despite these efforts, however, some critics argue that the WSL and other organizations need to do more to safeguard their athletes. In an op-ed for the San Francisco Chronicle, writer Bret Stephens argued that the Irons case highlights the need for better detection and prevention of autoimmune diseases in professional athletes. "Autoimmune disease is a silent killer," Stephens wrote. "It can strike anyone, at any time, and often without warning. In the case of Andy Irons, it was a death sentence." Stephens called on the WSL and other sports organizations to invest more in medical research and technology that can detect and diagnose autoimmune diseases early on. He also suggested that athletes be required to undergo routine blood tests to screen for potential health issues. "By taking these simple steps, we can help prevent tragedies like the one that took Andy Irons from us," Stephens wrote. Despite the challenges facing the sport, the future looks bright for professional surfing. The WSL is continuing to expand its reach and attract new fans to the sport. And with continued focus on athlete wellness and safety, surfers can continue to push the boundaries of what's possible in the sport, while honoring the legacy of Andy Irons and other athletes who have come before them.