article: (CNN) -- About 11.6 million Africans have been forced from their homes by wars and other conflicts, according to the United Nations. Next week in Uganda, leaders from across the continent will converge to tackle the issue. Somali women at a camp for displaced persons. Nearly half of the displaced people in the world are found in Africa, according to the United Nations. "Africa is the continent most affected by the scourge and tragedy of forced displacement," the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees said in a statement. "While refugee populations have declined in recent years, internal displacement continues to rise and the number of people uprooted from their homes is mounting." During the weeklong African Union summit that will start Monday in the capital, Kampala, the leaders are expected to sign a pledge to help the displaced across the continent, according to the U.N. agency for refugee issues. The agreement "would be the first legally binding international instrument on internal displacement having such broad regional scope," the agency said. Aid agencies have blasted some African countries for failing refugees and internally displaced people. Last month, Oxfam International released an explosive report accusing Kenya and Ethiopia of housing Somali refugees in overcrowded and unsanitary conditions. It said the Somali government also is abandoning its internally displaced. "Somalis flee one of the world's most brutal conflicts and a desperate drought, only to end up in unimaginable conditions in camps that are barely fit for humans," said Robbert Van den Berg, a spokesman for Oxfam International in the Horn of Africa. "Hundreds of thousands of children are affected, and the world is abandoning the next generation of Somalis when they most need our help." On a visit to a refugee camp in northern Kenya that houses Somalis, actress and U.N. goodwill ambassador Angelina Jolie called it "one of the most dire" she had ever seen. The camp -- which has facilities for about 90,000 -- houses 280,000 refugees. "The toilets are already overflowing," Jolie said last month. "There is not even enough space for trash dumps, so people are living amongst the garbage." Kenyan officials have said they are working on a solution. In neighboring Uganda, a government spokesman said it had taken steps to ensure displaced people and refugees have access to resources to become self-sufficient. "The numbers of displaced have drastically gone down," Fred Opolot said. "The government offers them relocation packages, including planting seeds, cooking items and building materials." The east African nation has followed international protocol, Opolot said, noting that it was chosen to host the African Union summit on refugees. "Uganda does not just set up camps; it builds facilities for them," Opolot said. "There may well be some African countries that have not followed protocols. ... The summit will reassess the challenges they have and set up steps to ensure they follow international protocol."
highlights: African leaders converge to tackle problem of conflict-displaced people . Nearly half of the displaced people in the world are found in Africa . Aid agencies have criticized some African countries for failing refugees .
id: 3349e092bb3bf21585d52e72e2c782692932b139
chatgpt: African leaders from across the continent have gathered in Ethiopia to discuss the issue of conflict-displaced people. This is a growing problem in Africa, where nearly half of the world's displaced people reside. The African Union (AU) has organized the two-day conference, which focuses on finding lasting solutions for those who have been displaced due to conflict. The conference comes as aid agencies continue to criticize some African countries for failing refugees. Many refugees find themselves living in overcrowded and under-resourced camps, with little hope for a better future. The AU and its member states are working to address this issue, with the conference providing a platform for leaders to exchange ideas and explore new solutions. One of the key topics of discussion is how to better coordinate aid efforts for refugees. Often, different agencies are working in the same areas without proper communication or coordination. This can lead to redundancies and inefficiencies that hurt the very people they are trying to help. There is also a focus on working with host communities to find long-term solutions for refugees. This includes efforts to integrate refugees into local economies, provide education opportunities, and improve access to healthcare. The African Union has stated that it is committed to finding solutions for all refugees and displaced people in Africa. This includes addressing the root causes of conflict, promoting good governance and socio-economic development, and ensuring the protection of human rights. Africa is home to a number of ongoing conflicts, from the civil war in South Sudan to the insurgency in Nigeria. These conflicts have displaced millions of people, many of whom are living in extremely difficult conditions. The AU is hoping that this conference will help to bring more attention and resources to the issue of conflict-displaced people. They are also hoping that this will lead to greater cooperation between African countries and international aid organizations. Overall, this conference represents an important step towards addressing the problem of displacement in Africa. While there are certainly significant challenges to be overcome, the AU and its member states are showing a commitment to finding solutions for the millions of people who have been uprooted by conflict.