article: Will absence have made the heart grow stronger? That is the question facing SPRINTER SACRE (Ascot, 3.00) on Saturday. Sidelined for 386 days by an irregular heartbeat after being pulled up at Kempton, the highest-rated chaser in training puts his reputation on the line in the Clarence House Chase with punters querying if the heart for battle continues to beat strongly in Nicky Henderson’s gelding. Thorough tests have been completed by Celia Marr, an expert on equine cardiology, and a recent trip to Newbury for a workout suggested the vim and vigour so apparent in Sprinter Sacre’s pre-Kempton outings remain. Barry Geraghty and Sprinter Sacre smash through the open ditch during a schooling session . However, that was only a racecourse spin and tackling Tingle Creek Chase winner Dodging Bullets, solid benchmark Somersby and recent Leopardstown scorer Twinlight presents a much sterner examination. The vibes leading into today’s contest have been extraordinary, with Sprinter Sacre’s price bouncing out to around 2-1 from odds-on before the punting public stepped in to support one of their favourite sons. Hopefully, that faith will prove well placed as plenty have invested heavily in returning the nine-year-old to the track and connections would surely not be risking one of the highest-profile horses to grace jump racing if there were any doubts. Comparisons have been drawn with Denman, who returned from a similar ailment to win the 2009 Hennessy Gold Cup, although he had been well beaten on his comeback at Kempton the month before. Sprinter Sacre has been compared to Denman (above) who returned from a similar ailment to win the 2009 Hennessy Gold Cup, although he had been well beaten on his comeback at Kempton the month before . Sprinter Sacre is a different entity, a sharper model, racier in design, not a bulldozer like the formidable Denman, for whom Kempton was always going to be too tight a track and the wrong way round. Henderson’s management skills are under scrutiny but Sprinter Sacre has passed every test to date. Earlier, LAND OF VIC (Ascot, nb, 1.50) makes a step up in class in the OLBG.com Mares’ Hurdle but Peter Bowen’s horse has a decent record when the accent is on stamina and could surprise more high-profile rivals. The nap vote goes to point-to-point winner WHAT'S LEFT (Taunton, nap, 3.55), who makes his handicap debut following a couple of encouraging efforts in novice contests.
highlights: Sprinter Sacre has been sidelined for 386 days with an irregular heartbeat . Nicky Henderson’s gelding is set to race in the Clarence House Chase . Denman returned from a similar ailment to win the Hennessy Gold Cup .
id: b3ca80be18826d74492dc3b471295ad99c89e55a
chatgpt: After a long hiatus of 386 days, Sprinter Sacre is set to make his much-awaited comeback to the racing circuit. The nine-year-old gelding trained by Nicky Henderson was diagnosed with an irregular heartbeat that forced him to take a break from racing since December 2015. Hopes were high for the superstar when he returned to training last summer but trainers eventually decided to err on the side of caution, giving the horse more time to rest and recover. This extra time has allowed Sprinter Sacre to return to top physical fitness and he's expected to hit the racing circuit with a bang. The Clarence House Chase, scheduled for January 21 at Ascot, will mark Sprinter Sacre's return to the track. He'll be facing some tough competition from some of the best horses racing today. Henderson hopes that the horse will pick up where he left off after an impressive career that has seen him win 18 of 24 starts. Trainers had feared that the irregular heartbeat that forced him on the sidelines had ended his career but the horse seems to have made a full recovery and is expected to pick up right where he left off. Denman, one of the best jumpers in the sport's history, is a good example of the threat that Sprinter Sacre poses. The horse was sidelined with a similar heart condition in 2007 and underwent corrective surgery to come back to racing. After a year of recovery, the horse went on to win the Hennessey Gold Cup, an amazing feat that showcased his talent. With Sprinter Sacre's return to racing, horse racing fans are thrilled at the prospect of a full recovery from the horse. Henderson's charge has always been a firm favourite and his return has been eagerly awaited. The horse's impressive form, coupled with his trainer's huge experience in the world of horse racing, will surely make him a favourite to win the upcoming Clarence House Chase. Although there are many talented horses in contention, the competition will have to watch out for Sprinter Sacre. His superior speed and agility could give him the edge he needs to win the Clarence House Chase and pick up where he left off. All eyes will be on the racing circuit come January 21 when Sprinter Sacre makes his much-awaited comeback to the racing world.