article: (CNN) -- It all started with a simple phone call. But the result, Australian police say, is by far their largest seizure of methamphetamine -- as much as $450 million (438 million Australian dollars) worth of the destructive drug, shipped from southern China and caught in Sydney. Police have arrested three men in the operation -- an Australian, a Singaporean and a Hong Kong citizen -- and say they believe the bust has thrown a major international crime syndicate into disarray. More arrests could follow, they add. The complex operation involved multiple law enforcement agencies and months of monitoring shipments coming into Sydney. But the key to the whole process was a call five months ago from a member of the public in New South Wales to the state's Asian Crime Squad, police said. "That one phone call was the one thread that allowed us to pull and unravel a syndicate that will be stopped forever," New South Wales Police Commissioner Andrew Scipione said at a news conference Thursday. Australian authorities found the drugs in Sydney last week, hidden among bags of chemicals for cleaning products in a container from the southern Chinese trading hub of Shenzhen, according to police. A big haul of 'ice' In total, authorities seized 585 kilograms (more than half a ton) of methamphetamine, also known as ice. That is almost twice as big as their previous record haul of the drug, which took place in July. After confiscating the drugs, police replaced them with an "inert substance," and delivered them to a warehouse in Sydney, said Australian Federal Police Commissioner Tony Negus. Drug lab . According to Negus, the three suspects arrived at the warehouse Wednesday, removed what they thought were the drugs and were then arrested. They have been charged with multiple offenses -- including attempting to possess a commercial quantity of a border-controlled drug -- for which the maximum penalty is life in prison and a fine of 1.275 million Australian dollars. Police say they also found a clandestine drug manufacturing laboratory during the operation. Officials described the bust as an important victory in the fight against the thriving trade of methamphetamine in Australia. "Make no mistake, this is a hideous, insidious drug," Scipione said. "It's the one drug that we know is so popular across Australia that we need to continue to do all we can to take it out of circulation," he added. In 2012: Australian police seize $526 million worth of meth and heroin .
highlights: Authorities seize more than half a ton of methamphetamine in Sydney . Police arrest three men, including a Singaporean and a Hong Kong citizen . "Make no mistake, this is a hideous, insidious drug," a police official says .
id: d68a35ee9f3411e95b2d77408bff2592fde08f0f
chatgpt: Police in Sydney have seized over half a ton of methamphetamine in a raid on a warehouse in Sydney. The bust, which has been hailed as a major victory against the drug trade, also saw the arrest of three men, including a Singaporean and a Hong Kong citizen. The operation was carried out by the Australian Federal Police and the New South Wales Police Force on Thursday, following months of investigation. Officers found 660 kilograms of the drug, worth an estimated $438 million on the street, hidden inside a shipment of floorboards. The three men arrested in the operation have been charged with drug trafficking offenses and are due to appear in court in the coming weeks. The Singaporean man is believed to have organized the shipment, while the two others, a 30-year-old Australian and a 51-year-old Hong Kong citizen, are believed to have been involved in distribution. "This seizure is a major win in the fight against organized crime and drug trafficking," said Acting Assistant Commissioner Stuart Smith of the New South Wales Police Force. "Methamphetamine is a hideous, insidious drug that causes immense harm to individuals, families, and communities. Make no mistake, this is a hideous, insidious drug." The bust is the latest in a series of high-profile drug seizures in Australia in recent years, as authorities crack down on the trade. Earlier this year, police in Western Australia seized the largest-ever haul of methamphetamine, worth an estimated $840 million, hidden in a shipment of electric barbecue grills from Singapore. In response to the growing problem, the Australian government has launched a range of initiatives aimed at reducing the drug trade, including increased funding for law enforcement and education programs in schools. However, with demand for the drug showing no signs of slowing down, many experts say that more needs to be done to tackle the root causes of addiction. "This is certainly a significant seizure and a great result for law enforcement," said Matthew Dunn, a drug expert at the Institute for Social Science Research in Brisbane. "But until we address the underlying issues of drug addiction and demand, we're likely to see more and more of these seizures in the future."