article: By . Paul Donnelley . It is believed that 58 people have died and it is feared that the death toll could reach three figures as a remote part of northern Afghanistan is hit by floods. In addition, thousands more have been left homeless. The flooding is the most recent in a series of deadly flash floods, landslides and avalanches in a part of the country that is almost cut off from the rest. Lt Fazel Rahman, the chief of police in the Guzirga i-Nur district of northeastern Baghlan, said that 54 bodies have been recovered so far including the remains of women and children, but many others are still missing. Villagers recover the body of a victim of the floods in Baghlan. More than 50 are known to have died although some sources put the death toll as high as 100 . He called for emergency assistance from the central government. 'So far no one has come to help us. People are trying to find their missing family members,' Lt Rahman said, adding that the district's police force was overstretched by the scale of the disaster. A statement from the office of the president Hamid Karzai put the death toll at 58 while other sources placed it higher still. Gen Mohammad Zahir Azimi, a spokesman for the Afghan Defence Ministry, said that two Army helicopters have been sent to the area to provide assistance. Afghan police and villagers retrieve the bodies of people who died in the flooding in northeastern Baghlan, north of Kabul, Afghanistan . Afghans look for their belongings in their house damaged after flooding in northeastern Baghlan left more than 1,000 people homeless . The Afghanistan Natural Disaster Management Authority has begun shipping out stockpiles of food and other supplies to the affected area, said Mohammad Aslim Sayas, the deputy director of the agency. Guzirga i-Nur district is located more than 85 miles north of the provincial capital, Puli Khumri. Jawed Basharat, the spokesman for the Baghlan police, said that they were aware of the flooding, but that it would take eight to nine hours for them to reach the area by road. Although people in the north of the country have for the most part been spared the horrors of the war, they have been subjected to several natural disasters. Last month, a landslide triggered by heavy rain buried large sections of a remote northeastern village in Badakhshan which borders China, displacing some 700 families. Authorities have yet to provide an exact figure on the number of dead from the May 2 landslide, and estimates have ranged from 250 to 2,700. Officials say it will be impossible to dig up all the bodies. A landslide in Baghlan in 2012 killed 71 people. After days of digging unearthed only five bodies, authorities decided to halt the recovery effort and turn the area into a memorial for the dead.
highlights: Northern part of country mainly avoided civil war but been hit by natural disasters . Police chief in Guzirga i-Nur asks central government to send help . Some sources say death toll could reach 100 . Baghlan police spokesman said it could take 8-9 hours to reach victims .
id: f5b4b407233efeda380fab71151c31810e50ad72
chatgpt: The northern part of the country has largely avoided the ongoing civil war that has engulfed Afghanistan for the past few years. However, the region has been hit by natural disasters in recent days. As per the latest reports, the death toll from the flooding and landslides triggered by the heavy rains that hit the Guzirga i-Nur district in Baghlan province could reach 100. The region's police chief, Colonel Abdul Qadir, has called on the central government to send urgent help to the area. The disaster has left scores of people stranded, with rescuers working around the clock to reach victims amid treacherous mud and debris. A police spokesman in the affected area has estimated that it could take 8 to 9 hours for help to reach the remote parts of the disaster zone. The recent spate of heavy rains has caused widespread destruction in many areas of the country. The floods and landslides have hit several provinces, particularly in northern and northeastern regions of Afghanistan. Many people have lost their homes and livelihoods and are now in dire need of humanitarian assistance. The government, along with local and international aid agencies, has launched a massive relief effort to provide food, shelter, and medical aid to the affected population. The ongoing conflict in the country has exacerbated the situation, making it difficult for aid agencies to reach the affected people in some areas. The worsening security situation and the lack of infrastructure and resources have made response efforts more challenging. The police chief in Guzirga i-Nur has urged the government to ramp up its efforts to reach the affected areas and provide relief to those in need. He has also called for greater coordination among humanitarian agencies to ensure that aid is delivered to those who need it the most. The disaster has once again highlighted the challenges facing Afghanistan and the urgent need for greater investment in infrastructure, disaster preparedness, and conflict resolution. It has also underscored the importance of international support for the country as it seeks to rebuild and overcome the challenges it faces. The government has pledged to do all it can to assist the population and prevent further loss of life. Aid agencies and non-governmental organizations are also rushing to provide assistance to the victims of the natural disaster, and support is coming in from around the world. Despite the challenges ahead, there remains hope that Afghanistan can overcome the current crisis and emerge stronger and more resilient. The international community must continue to lend its support to ensure that the country has the resources it needs to recover from this tragedy and build a better future for all its citizens.