article: By . Ben Nagle For Mailonline . Manchester City have drawn Bayern Munich in the Champions League group stages for the third time in four seasons. City, who have never won the competition before, will also face CSKA Moscow and AS Roma in Group E. City faced Bayern Munich in the group stages last season, where they lost 3-1 at the Etihad, before travelling to Munich and winning 2-3. Two seasons previously, in 11/12, City faced Bayern again, where both sides won their home fixture 2-0. Group E: Manchester City in training this week . Bayern Munich . Manchester City's Head-to-head: P 4 W 2 L 2 D 0 . Star man: Arjen Robben . Manager: Pep Guardiola . Stadium: Allianz Arena . European pedigree: The 2013 European Champions are formidable opponents. Five-time European Champions and with a spine of players who helped Germany win the World Cup, Bayern Munich are, alongside Real Madrid and Barcelona, one of the best three sides in Europe. Did you know: This is the third time in four seasons that City have drawn Bayern Munich in the Champions League group stage. CSKA Moscow . Manchester City's Head-to-head: P 2 W 2 L 0 D 0 . Star man: Alan Dzagoev . Manager: Leonid Slutsky . Stadium: Arena Khimki . European pedigree: Despite being seeded third, in this group CSKA are undoubtedly the minnows. This is the first time since 2008 that they are playing Champions League football for the second consecutive season, and they have never been past the quarter-finals. Moscow is not an easy trip, but they may well struggle. Did you know: CSKA met Manchester City in last season's group stage, with City winning both games and scoring seven times in the process. Roma . Manchester City's Head-to-head: P 0 W 0 L 0 D 0 . Star man: Miralem Pjanic . Manager: Rudi Garcia . Stadium: Stadio Olimpico . European pedigree: Roma have reached the Champions League quarter-finals twice in the last decade, and their squad is as good as it has been in years. A brilliant start to last season faded somewhat, but they still finished second in Serie A and are no pushovers. Did you know: Manchester City have never faced Roma, but the Italian side did suffer their worst ever European defeat in Manchester when they lost to United 7-1 in 2007.
highlights: Manchester City face Bayern Munich in the UEFA Champions League group stages . Two sides met last year in the group stages . Man City also play CSKA Moscow and AS Roma .
id: cedb03583b627bc2f826016dbab59ef39ade179d
chatgpt: The draw for the UEFA Champions League group stages was held today and Manchester City have been given a tough draw. They will face German giants Bayern Munich, who they also met in the group stages last year. City will also take on Russian side CSKA Moscow and Italian side AS Roma. The clash between Manchester City and Bayern Munich will no doubt be the highlight of the group stages. The sides met last year with the German team coming out on top. City will be hoping to reverse that result and show that they can compete at the highest level of European football. It will not be an easy task for City, as Bayern Munich are one of the strongest teams in the competition. They have won the Champions League five times and are always among the favorites to lift the trophy. The two sides met in last year's group stages and the Germans won both games comfortably. CSKA Moscow and AS Roma will also be difficult opponents for City. The Russian side have a good record in the competition and will be looking to cause an upset against some of the bigger teams. Roma, on the other hand, are a team that are improving year on year and will provide a stern test for City. Despite the tough draw, City will believe that they have the squad to get through to the knockout stages of the competition. They have strengthened their team over the summer with the signings of Jack Grealish and Cristiano Ronaldo, and will be hoping that they can make an impact in Europe. The Champions League is the one trophy that City have not won under Pep Guardiola, and they will be desperate to add it to their collection. The group stages will be tough, but if they can navigate their way through, then they will be considered genuine contenders for the title. Overall, this is an exciting draw for Manchester City and their fans. The clashes with Bayern Munich will no doubt be the highlights of the group stages, but they cannot underestimate CSKA Moscow and AS Roma. It will be an interesting few months of football, and City will be hoping to make a statement in the Champions League this year.