article: Zlatan Ibrahimovic has extra motivation to hit the ground running as Laurent Blanc's Paris Saint-Germain prepare for their friendly against Inter Milan in Morocco on Tuesday. The 33-year-old Ibrahimovic has scored 12 goals already this season and will want to show that a three-week winter break has not frozen his scoring form when he faces his former side. The Ligue 1 champions are holding a training camp in Marrakech as they look to make sure the team retains match fitness. Zlatan Ibrahimovic appeared focused and determined during a Paris Saint-Germain training session . Ibrahimovic (right) warms up with his team-mates ahead of a training session in Marrakech . The 33-year-old will hope he can continue his goalscoring form in a friendly against former club Inter Milan . PSG coach Laurent Blanc (second left) addresses his squad during preparations for the game . Blanc won Ligue 1 with PSG last season, but his team are currently third in the table this year . And Ibrahimovic looked focused on making sure his form continues into the second half of the season. PSG are currently third in Ligue 1, a point behind Lyon in second and three behind leaders Marseille and will need the enigmatic Ibrahimovic fit and firing if they are to overturn the difference. Inter coach Roberto Mancini, whose side is languishing in 11th in Serie A, believes the game will provide an enticing encounter as PSG have an array of players who used to ply their trade in Serie A. Speaking to Inter's club channel, Mancini said: 'There are Italians at PSG, as well as  Ibrah­imovic and Maxwell. PSG return to competitive against Montpellier on January 5 after a three-week winter break in France . Inter Milan coach Roberto Mancini said he is looking forward to taking on PSG in Morocco . David Luiz posed for a picture with some young supporters during the team training session . The youngsters were allowed on to the training pitch and Luiz signed autographs for them . The Brazil international defender Luiz (right) also took them on in a small sided game of football . 'I don't have any particular memories of facing PSG, as our paths never crossed but we know there are many former Serie A players.' PSG will resume competitive action when they take on Montpellier in the French Cup on January 5, before playing Bastia in the league five days later.
highlights: Paris Saint-Germain are holding a training camp in Marrakech, Morocco . The French champions will play Inter Milan in a friendly there on Tuesday . Zlatan Ibrahimovic has scored 12 times for PSG already this season .
id: 5659a88545403d52489077b983fa9a2effecde96
chatgpt: Paris Saint-Germain (PSG), the French champions, have begun their training camp in Morocco's Marrakech ahead of their upcoming friendly game against Inter Milan on Tuesday. The players have been undergoing intense training in the city since their arrival. PSG is one of Europe's most successful football clubs and has been doing well in the 2020-21 season. Their star striker, Zlatan Ibrahimovic, has already scored 12 goals this season - highlighting their dominance in Ligue 1. Ibrahimovic is one of PSG's key players, and his performance will be crucial in securing PSG's victory in the upcoming friendly match against Inter Milan. The friendly match against Inter Milan is an important opportunity for PSG to test their mettle against top-rated teams from other leagues. PSG is one of the strongest teams in Europe, and they will be looking to showcase their skills in Morocco. The match will also give PSG an opportunity to gauge their player's performance against new opposition. The PSG team's visit to Morocco has been warmly welcomed by Moroccan football fans, who are eager to see some of the world's top footballers in action. The team's training sessions have attracted large crowds of local fans, who have come out in their numbers to support the team. The training camp in Marrakech provides PSG with an opportunity to train in a conducive environment and get their players' minds off the pressures of the league. The team has been training hard and is looking to put in a good performance in the duration of their stay in Morocco. PSG's manager, Thomas Tuchel, has expressed his delight at the facilities made available to his team in Marrakech. He commended the Moroccan authorities for their support and praised the city of Marrakech for its welcoming hospitality. The city has been decked in PSG colours, with posters and banners promoting the friendly match against Inter Milan visible across the town. In conclusion, PSG's training camp in Morocco heralds an exciting opportunity for the team to interact with Moroccan fans and train in world-class facilities. The team will be looking to put in a good performance in their friendly match against Inter Milan on Tuesday and continue their impressive form in the 2020-21 season.