article: By . Chris Foy for the Daily Mail . Follow @@FoyChris . Cardiff Blues and the WRU are on standby to offer Leigh Halfpenny a swift return to Wales if Toulon owner Mourad Boudjellal carries out his threat to tear up the full back’s contract. The 25-year-old British Lion is yet to play for the French club after a summer move, as he continues to struggle with a groin problem. Toulon fear that he could need another operation and may opt to release him. Boudjellal told Toulon newspaper Var Matin: ‘The problem that we have now is that we think he may have arrived at Toulon with that injury. If this is the case, we haven’t ruled out terminating his contract. We’re conducting an investigation. We don’t feel like preparing Halfpenny for Wales, just for the Rugby World Cup.’ Leigh Halfpenny kicks in the second test on the British and Irish Lions Tour last year . Leigh Halfpenny has struggled with a groin injury since joining Toulon in the summer . The WRU and regions recently announced a six-year deal which includes provision to place top Welsh players on dual contracts and that would be an option if Halfpenny became available. The Blues’ chief executive Richard Holland said: ‘Of course we would be interested, be that on a dual contract or a regional deal. ‘We would be extremely keen to have back a player of Leigh’s calibre. If the reports are true, we are keen to explore this.’ England wing Jack Nowell is on course for an imminent return to first-team action after a successful comeback on Monday, following shoulder and knee surgery. The 21-year-old, who last played in March, scored two tries in a 34-minute cameo as Exeter Chiefs earned a 45-7 ‘A’-league victory over London Welsh. Halfpenny celebrates the British and Irish Lions 41-16 third test win over Australia . Halfpenny (right) has struggled with injury previously in his career, pictured going off during the Six Nations . Halfpenny kicks during the second test of the British and Irish Lions Tour in Australia .
highlights: Leigh Halfpenny has struggled with a groin injury since moving to Toulon . The 25-year-old is yet to play for his new club since his summer transfer . Toulon fear that he could need an operation and may release him . Cardiff Blues and the WRU are on standby to offer him a contract .
id: f170ef6d4f2735b68d561a6b59f21d7c51ae6035
chatgpt: Leigh Halfpenny's career as a rugby union player has been hit by an injury setback since he moved to French club Toulon over the summer. The 25-year-old Wales international has been struggling with a groin injury and has not been able to make an appearance for his new club. The situation has become increasingly worrying for Toulon, who are alarmed that Halfpenny may require an operation to treat his injury. The club is said to be considering releasing the player, despite signing him on a three-year contract just a few months ago. However, there is good news for Halfpenny as well. The Cardiff Blues and the Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) reportedly have a keen interest in signing the player should he become available. The 2013 British and Irish Lion's stint at Toulon may not have been as successful as he had hoped, but a potential return to his former club or national team would be a welcome development for the player. Halfpenny earned his reputation as one of the world's leading fullbacks during his tenure with the Cardiff Blues before he decided to move abroad to join Toulon. He was then given the opportunity to play alongside some of the biggest names in rugby union such as Jonny Wilkinson, Bryan Habana, and Matt Giteau. However, what should have been a new challenge in his career has become a frustrating time for Halfpenny. As a result, the Welsh rugby community will be keeping a close eye on the situation, with many hoping that Halfpenny does return home if he is released by Toulon. It is clear that Halfpenny still has a lot to offer the sport, and a move back to Cardiff or the national team would benefit not just the player, but also his former and current teammates. In conclusion, it remains to be seen what will happen with Leigh Halfpenny in the coming months. However, there is no doubt that he is a highly respected and admired player, both on and off the field. His struggle with injury is a reminder of how physically demanding rugby is, but the Welsh rugby community will no doubt be hoping that Halfpenny can overcome this injury and return to the field as soon as possible.