article: Pepe has warned Real Madrid could come unstuck if they underestimate Cruz Azul in Tuesday's Club World Cup semi-final. The European champions take on their CONCACAF counter-parts in Marrakech after the tie was moved from Rabat due to the poor state of the pitch. Madrid are massive favourites for the competition, but defender Pepe insists Carlo Ancelotti's side can't afford to take anything for granted. Pepe (left) and his Real Madrid team-mates trained in Rabat on Monday ahead of the game . Carlo Ancelotti and Pepe faced the press ahead of their semi-final against Mexican outfit Cruz Azul . He told Marca: 'They're a talented and hard-working side. Some of their players have experience in La Liga and we'll have to prepare properly if we want to win the match. 'Whoever wins the Club World Cup is the best club in the world and I'm hoping to capture the title to make the fans happy and end the year in style. 'I think that because of our history, Real are probably favourites and we have to recognise that, but we have to carry on showing the same humility as always if we want to be able to say that it's been a really positive year at the end of the tournament. Gareth Bale (right) looks on as Pepe shields the ball during Monday's training session . Carlo Ancelotti keeps an eye on training as Cristiano Ronaldo makes light work of the hurdles . Ronaldo (left) and his Real Madrid team-mates looked relax in the build-up to their semi-final showdown . 'We have to be completely professional. I think we're having a spectacular year and we have the ambition and attitude to reach the final and be worthy winners.' Madrid trained in Rabat on Monday but heavy rain has left the pitch at the Prince Moulay Abdellah unplayable. However, Pepe insists the Spanish side won't let the upheaval disrupt their preparations for the game. He added: 'We know that the venue has been changed. Ideally the pitch will be in the best possible condition to play good football.' The star-studded Real Madrid squad are put through their paces ahead of facing Cruz Azul . Sami Khedira tries a flick as Karim Benzema (left) and James Rodriguez watch the German midfielder . Bale takes a breather from training as they get ready for the game in Marrakech .
highlights: Pepe eyes 'best title' as Real Madrid prepare for Club World Cup semi-final . Defender says Carlo Ancelotti's side must not take Cruz Azul lightly . Last-four game has been switched to Marrakech due to conditions in Rabat .
id: 8a762537bd3a4345bc6756a62db08c0435c032af
chatgpt: Real Madrid are gearing up to face Cruz Azul in the semi-finals of the Club World Cup, with defender Pepe eyeing the prestigious title for his side. Speaking ahead of the game, Pepe has urged Carlo Ancelotti's team not to underestimate their opponents. Real Madrid are the current Champions League holders and go into the game as clear favorites against the Mexican side, who qualified for the tournament as winners of the CONCACAF Champions League. However, Pepe has warned that Cruz Azul should not be taken lightly, stating that all teams participating in the tournament are there to win. The game was initially scheduled to take place in Rabat, but due to poor weather conditions, the fixture has been moved to Marrakech. Real Madrid will be unfazed by the venue change, and will be looking to maintain their momentum following their win against San Lorenzo in the quarter-finals. Real Madrid are no strangers to success on the global stage, having won the Club World Cup in 2014 under Ancelotti's guidance. The tournament pits the winners of different continents' major club competitions against each other, with the aim of finding the world's best club side. Pepe is excited about the opportunity to add another Club World Cup winner's medal to his collection, having previously won the competition in 2014. The Portuguese international has been a mainstay in Real Madrid's defense this season and will be vital to their chances of success in Morocco. The semi-final clash with Cruz Azul will provide Real Madrid with a stern test, but the Spanish giants will be confident of victory. Ancelotti has a wealth of talent at his disposal, with the likes of Cristiano Ronaldo, Gareth Bale and Karim Benzema forming a formidable attacking trio. Real Madrid have been in dominant form of late, having won their last nine games in all competitions. They will be looking to continue their impressive run against Cruz Azul in what promises to be a thrilling encounter. The winner of the semi-final between Real Madrid and Cruz Azul will face the winner of the other semi-final clash between San Lorenzo and Auckland City in the final. Real Madrid will be hoping to lift the Club World Cup for the second time under Ancelotti's leadership and add another trophy to their already impressive haul.