article: By . Sam Adams . PUBLISHED: . 05:16 EST, 7 September 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 06:39 EST, 7 September 2012 . A disgraced doctor who failed to notify authorities of his 'severely impaired vision' before running over and killing a pensioner in his £80,000 sports car has been struck off. Dr Aloke Basu had cataracts in both eyes when his Porsche 911 Carrera hit great grandmother Shirley Watkins, 74, as she crossed the road in Southend, Essex, in February 2010. The 67-year-old told Basildon Crown Court he 'didn’t see' the widowed mother-of-two and was jailed for two years for causing death by dangerous driving in May last year 2011. Disgraced GP Aloke Basu (left) has been struck off the medical register after running over and killing pensioner Shirley Watkins (right) in his Porsche. A tribunal heard he had failed to inform the DVLA of his poor eyesight. A medical tribunal has now banned Basu from practising medicine in the UK following a two-day hearing in Manchester. The . tribunal heard how Basu had ignored advice from two eye specialists . stating he must make the DVLA aware of his chronic glaucoma and . short-sightedness. His . eyesight had deteriorated to such an extent that one of his eyes could . not read the top line of a standard eye test chart from just 20 feet . away. A person with normal eyesight can read the line from ten times that distance - 200ft. Basu, from Thorpe Bay, Essex, did . not attend the tribunal but argued that he felt his condition was . 'stable' and denied evidence that eye specialists had advised him not to . drive. Scene of the crash: Basu was found to have been visually impaired when his Porsche ploughed into the pensioner in Southend, Essex . Crossing: The section of road where Mrs Watkins was fatally injured . In a letter, the discredited doctor said: 'As far as my knowledge is concerned my condition was stable and I was never advised by my consultant not to drive. 'If I felt that my eyesight fell below the legal standards on the day of the accident, I wouldn’t have got behind the wheel of my car.' Basu had been a well-respected GP at Shoebury Medical Centre before the fatal crash but on Wednesday the Medical Practitioners’ Tribunal Service ruled he must be struck off the General Medical Council register. Dr Harvey Marcovitch, who chaired the panel, ruled Basu’s actions had brought the profession into disrepute. He said: 'The panel is satisfied the matters underlying Dr Basu’s conviction involved a serious departure from the standards of behaviour which the public is entitled to expect from a doctor and diminish the public’s trust in the profession. 'In the panel’s judgment, Dr Basu’s conduct was fundamentally incompatible with his continuing to be a registered medical practitioner.' Basu has 28-days to appeal the panel’s decision before his name is permanently removed from the GMC register.
highlights: Tribunal told he ignored specialist advice to inform DVLA of his poor vision . Had cataracts in both eyes and could not even read top line of eye test . Claims he 'didn't see' pensioner before running her over in his sports car .
id: 30003a0633318eb220e038ef60ffe387b9dec925
chatgpt: A man who claims he "didn't see" a pensioner before running her over with his sports car has been found to have ignored specialist advice to inform the DVLA of his poor vision. The man, who had cataracts in both eyes and could not even read the top line of an eye test, appeared before a tribunal after being charged with dangerous driving. The court heard how the man had ignored the advice of specialist medical professionals who had advised him to inform the DVLA of his poor vision. The man claimed that he did not think his eyesight was bad enough to warrant informing the DVLA. The tribunal was told how the man had been driving his sports car on the day of the accident when he struck the elderly woman. The court heard how the woman had been crossing the road when the man failed to see her and ran her over. The man claimed that he "didn't see" the woman and that the accident was a result of his poor vision. The court heard how the man had cataracts in both eyes and could not even read the top line of an eye test. The tribunal was told how the man had been driving on a public road without informing the DVLA of his poor vision. The court heard how the man had received specialist advice to inform the DVLA of his condition but had chosen to ignore it. The man's defence team argued that he had not intentionally ignored the advice and had genuinely believed that his eyesight was not bad enough to warrant informing the DVLA. The court was told that the man had not intended to cause harm and had been driving carefully at the time of the accident. However, the tribunal ruled that the man had been negligent in failing to inform the DVLA of his poor vision. The court heard that the man had a responsibility to assess and monitor his own ability to drive safely and that he had failed in this duty. The tribunal found the man guilty of dangerous driving and imposed a fine of £500. The man was also ordered to pay compensation to the woman who had been injured in the accident. The case has highlighted the importance of drivers taking responsibility for their own safety and the safety of others on the road. Specialist medical advice should always be followed when it comes to conditions that could affect a person's ability to drive safely. In this case, the man's failure to inform the DVLA of his poor vision had resulted in a serious accident. It serves as a reminder to all drivers to be proactive when it comes to their own safety and to take any specialist advice seriously.