article: (CNN)Forget about the Super Bowl, the blizzard and the woes of the world. This time of year, everything's better with puppies. Seems like you can't throw a stick without running into a shaggy (or short-haired) dog story -- and advertisers, in particular, know that puppies demand attention. Take GoDaddy.com. In recent years, the website registration and hosting company has earned the ire of many with its cheeky Super Bowl ads featuring voluptuous women and suggestive copy. Not that it's stopped them from doing the same thing again the next year. But an ad about a puppy that's put up for sale? That's going too far. A Change.org petition garnered more than 40,000 signatures before word came that the ad wouldn't air during the big game. Budweiser, of course, would never provoke the anger of puppy lovers. The beer company has become a master of pulling America's heartstrings with its Super Bowl commercials, which have included, in recent years, some friendly canines. This year, of course, is no different. Get out your tissues. "Budweiser unveils the commercial that will make you cry on Super Bowl Sunday," headlined USA Today. Take that, GoDaddy! (And yes, that's a version of the Proclaimers' "I'm Gonna Be (500 Miles)" as the soundtrack. No doubt even the brothers Reid are weeping.) Finally, Uber, the ride-sharing app that has picked up quite a bit of bad press in recent months, has come up with a surefire way of earning public approval. If you guessed that it involves puppies, you're right. The company announced Wednesday that it's teaming up with Animal Planet, which broadcasts the annual Puppy Bowl, to deliver puppies to offices in several U.S. cities. It's not free -- the price is $30 for 15 minutes of doggone fun -- but all proceeds go to participating local animal organizations. All together now: Awwwww. What's that? You're not a dog person? Well, there's always the second-annual Kitten Bowl, to be shown Sunday on the Hallmark Channel. And cats can be heartwarming, too, as shown by a widely shared story out of Tampa, Florida. As originally reported by Tampa's WTVT, Bart the cat was hit by a car and pronounced dead. The cat's grief-stricken owner, Ellis Hutson, had the cat buried. Five days later, Bart showed up at a neighbor's door. His jaw was broken, and he was dirty and bloody -- but he was alive. "It was unbelievable," Hutson said. "The cat was smelly; the cat was dirty. The cat had a big hole in the side of his head." 'Zombie cat' presumed dead found alive five days after burial . A veterinarian at the Humane Society of Tampa Bay performed surgery, and Bart, though he'll probably lose an eye, is recovering nicely. "I truly think Bart has nine lives and has eight lives left, because it is miraculous what he's done," Humane Society of Tampa Bay Executive Director Sherry Silk told the TV station. So to heck with that football game and us crazy humans. We'll say it again: Awwwwwww.
highlights: The Super Bowl and puppies! What more is there to say? GoDaddy, Budweiser and Uber find value in puppy marketing . GoDaddy has already pulled a puppy-themed ad after a backlash .
id: e5445dbe2e247d81c24463b7fb28a02ca10c8aa6
chatgpt: Super Bowl season is not only about football, but also about commercials that can make us laugh, cry, or question our beliefs. And this year, puppies have taken center stage as several companies try to win the hearts of viewers with cute and cuddly marketing. GoDaddy, Budweiser, and Uber are just a few of the companies that have incorporated puppies into their Super Bowl ads. GoDaddy's ad, however, was not well received and was quickly pulled following a backlash. But why are puppies so popular in advertising? First and foremost, they are adorable and evoke a positive emotional response from viewers. This can help companies establish a connection with their audience and create a lasting impression. Additionally, puppies can be used to promote different messages. One example of this is Budweiser's "Puppy Love" campaign, which has become a Super Bowl classic. The ad features a friendship between a puppy and Clydesdale horse and promotes the message of true friendship and loyalty. This year, Budweiser has continued the theme with a new ad that showcases a Dalmatian who befriends the Clydesdales. Meanwhile, Uber has taken a more humorous approach with their "Puppies" ad that promotes their UberPUPPIES service. The ad features a team of cute puppies delivering love and cuddles to people around the city. This not only promotes the company's service but also provides a light and fun message for viewers to enjoy. But not all puppy ads are well-received, as GoDaddy learned this year. Their puppy-themed ad, featuring a lost puppy finding its way home only to be sold online, was met with backlash and accusations of promoting puppy mills. The company was quick to pull the ad and issue a public apology. So why did GoDaddy's ad fall flat while others have succeeded? It may come down to the message being conveyed. While cute puppies are generally well-received, some messages may not sit well with viewers. In GoDaddy's case, the message could have been interpreted as promoting the sale of puppies online, which can be seen as promoting unethical breeding practices. Overall, puppies have become a popular and effective tool for companies to grab viewers' attention and promote their brand. But as GoDaddy learned, it's important to tread carefully and consider the message being conveyed. With the right approach, however, puppies can help companies win the hearts of viewers and make a lasting impression.