article: By . Donna Sawyer . PUBLISHED: . 01:25 EST, 24 February 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 01:25 EST, 24 February 2014 . India's gay community have taken their outrage to the streets to protest the controversial recriminalisation of homosexuality. Activists have been demonstrating in the streets of New Dehli in support of India's lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender community, which will be impacted by the draconian laws that date back to the time of British rule. The laws, which are punishable by up to ten years in jail, puts millions of Indians at risk of prosecution, according to The Independent. Indian gay rights activists protest against Supreme Court's ruling upholding the criminalisation of homosexuality . In 2009, the law was successfully challenged in the Dehli High Court, effectively decriminalising gay relationships. But this was challenged again in the Supreme Court of India, which overturned the High Court's judgment last month, upholding the ban on homosexual activities. In January, the court said it was up to the government to change the law. But that could be years away with the leadership of the country's main opposition party, which is widely tipped to win the election in May, expected to support the law. Activists are demonstrating in the streets of New Dehli in support of India's lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender community . The Supreme Court decision sparked fury across India and internationally. UN Human Rights Commissioner Navi Pillay, told media the decision violated international law and was 'significant step backwards for India'. Campaigners have argued that although there have been few actual prosecutions in recent history, the law has been used to harass and blackmail gay men. The law was drafted in 1860 and states that 'whoever voluntarily has carnal intercourse against the order of nature with any man, woman or animal, shall be punished with imprisonment'. Activists say the law contravenes various articles in India’s constitution which supposedly guarantee the right to life and personal liberty, equality, and which prohibit discrimination. Commentators say it is unlikely the government will introduce legislation overturning the Supreme Court's decision in a country that sways to the conservative side of politics. The reinstated laws, which are punishable by up to ten years in jail, puts millions of Indians at risk of prosecution .
highlights: Activists protest recriminalisation of gay relationships in India . Draconian laws expose millions of homosexual Indians to prosecution . Laws are unlikely to be overturned by India's Government .
id: 26a6c1046aa4ad83624d38b957bb585aebec855d
chatgpt: Activists in India have taken to the streets to protest against the recriminalization of gay relationships in the country. The move to reintroduce draconian laws against homosexuality could expose millions of Indians to potential prosecution and undermine rights that have been fought for long and hard. The laws were introduced in 1861 during British colonial rule and were only struck down in 2009, following a landmark ruling by the Delhi High Court that declared the laws unconstitutional. However, the Indian government reintroduced them in 2013 after the Supreme Court overturned the previous ruling. The current laws criminalize sexual relations between people of the same sex and carry a penalty of up to 10 years in prison. The laws are being challenged in the courts by a number of activists and human rights organizations, but many fear that the government is unlikely to repeal them. Speaking to reporters, one activist, Anjali Gopalan, said that the laws were discriminatory and violated the fundamental human rights of LGBT people. "It's a shameful moment for India", she added. The current government in India has been accused of pandering to the conservative elements of society, rather than upholding the rights of all citizens. However, there are signs that public attitudes towards homosexuality are changing, with the rise of a more vocal and visible LGBT community. Despite the government's position, activists remain hopeful that the laws will eventually be struck down. In the meantime, they are urging people to join them in their struggle for justice and equality. As one protester put it, "We may be on the wrong side of the law, but we are on the right side of history. We will not be silenced, and we will not be deterred. We will continue to fight until we are free to love who we choose, without fear of persecution". The fight for LGBT rights in India is far from over, but activists remain confident that change is possible. With the support of the international community and the will of the people, it is only a matter of time before justice prevails.