article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 16:58 EST, 9 August 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 18:29 EST, 9 August 2013 . Mike Weatherley was targeted after he urged David Cameron to take action against Russia's anti-gay laws . A Conservative MP has received a death threat on Twitter after he appealed to David Cameron to speak out against Russia’s anti-gay legislation. Mike Weatherley, the MP for Hove and Portslade, East Sussex, wrote to Mr Cameron to say that Britain 'has a duty not to stay silent' over anti-gay laws passed in the lead up to the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi. He received the message: 'Kill Weatherley' from a twitter user with almost 1,500 followers. Mr Weatherley said: 'Twitter trolls cannot be allowed to hide behind their computers when making threats like this. 'There is absolutely no way that I . will allow this intimidating kind of behaviour to change my stance on . this matter, as I will continue to stand up for gay rights both in . Russia and around the world.' The MP’s office said the tweet has now been reported to Sussex Police, who are investigating the source of the message. The controversy in Russia was sparked after politicians in its lower house of parliament, the Duma, passed a law imposing heavy fines for providing information about homosexuality to people under 18. It led to broadcaster Stephen Fry writing an open letter urging Mr Cameron to support moves to strip Russia of the Winter Olympics. The threat against Mr Weatherley also comes after Twitter UK general manager Tony Wang posted a series of tweets recently saying abuse was 'simply not acceptable' on the site. His messages came after the website clarified its rules on abusive behaviour amid a growing backlash over a series of attacks, including against a number of high-profile women. These have included television classicist Mary Beard, Labour MP Stella Creasy and campaigner Caroline Criado-Perez. Calls for action: Stephen Fry (right) published an open letter asking David Cameron (left) to throw his support behind those who think the Winter Olympics should be held outside Russia .
highlights: Mike Weatherley, MP for Hove and Portslade said said Britain had to speak up over the laws . He urged David Cameron to take action in the lead up to the Winter Olympics . Was sent the message 'Kill Weatherley' on the social networking site .
id: babc196de6eee2a18eee6422276a2375dff8e1e2
chatgpt: Member of Parliament for the Hove and Portslade constituency, Mike Weatherly, has spoken out about the recent anti-gay laws passed in Russia. He is urging Prime Minister David Cameron to take action before the upcoming Winter Olympics, which are set to take place in Sochi, Russia. Weatherley is particularly concerned about the safety of LGBT athletes and visitors to the Games. He believes Britain needs to take a stand and make it clear that these laws are unacceptable. He stated that, "Britain needs to speak up over the laws in Russia that attack the LGBT community. It is not good enough to simply condemn them; we need to take action and make our voices heard." His fears were further intensified when he received a threatening message on a social networking site. The message simply read, "Kill Weatherley". He stated that he was "shocked and alarmed" by the message and has reported it to the police. The law in question, which was signed by Russian President Vladimir Putin in June of this year, bans the "promotion of non-traditional sexual relations to minors". Critics argue that the law is extremely vague and is being used to justify the discrimination, harassment, and persecution of LGBT individuals in Russia. There have been reports of violent attacks on gay individuals, and the anti-gay sentiment in Russia is widespread. Weatherley is not alone in his calls for action. Several other politicians and activists around the world are also speaking out against the anti-gay laws in Russia. Some are calling for a boycott of the Games, while others are pushing for a diplomatic solution. The Winter Olympics are set to take place from February 7-23, 2014 in Sochi, Russia. Historically, the Olympics have been used as a platform to showcase international unity and promote peace. However, with the controversy surrounding the anti-gay laws in Russia, this year's Games have become a battleground for human rights activists around the globe. In conclusion, the situation in Russia has garnered international attention and ignited debates that will not fade away anytime soon. Facing a threat like ‘Kill Weatherley’, Mike's continued advocacy of LGBT rights, in spite of personal danger, is important in the ongoing fight for human rights globally.