article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 15:59 EST, 3 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 16:10 EST, 3 October 2013 . A Palestinian man has been accused of an horrific act of animal cruelty after posting a picture on Facebook apparently showing him torturing a mouse that he claims ate his wages. The picture, posted by a Facebook user from Gaza, shows the mouse suspended by its legs with rope from a ladder. It has been claimed that the man was punishing the mouse for destroying two bank notes worth 200 Israeli Shekels (around £35) that were in his closet. Cruel: A picture posted by a Palestinian man on Facebook appears to show a mouse being tortured after it ate his wages . The man said that he had just been handed his weekly wage and hid it in the cupboard for safe keeping. But many people are claiming that the picture and the Palestinian man's story is a fake and that it appeared on several other websites as a joke earlier in the year. Nevertheless the image provoked a strong reaction when it was picked up by the Gulf News website, with most readers appalled at the man's actions. One reader from the United Arab Emirates posted on the site: 'As desperate as the man must be to lose his money, torturing a helpless animal is not a good thing to do and not a solution. 'Another mouse may come and what will he do then? Repeat this stupid act!?!' Fake? The man also posted a picture of the two notes that he claims were destroyed by the mouse . But some questioned the outraged response of others claiming that people were more concerned about the mouse's fate than the plight of the Palestinian people. Similar actions landed a London teenager in hot water earlier this year. Andre Yankey, then 19, was spared jail by magistrates in July after making a homemade film showing him butchering a mouse. Yankey called himself a 'mouse killer' as he used a power tool to slice the rodent open and drill into its eye. The personal trainer said on camera the mouse would be 'terminated with The Blade of Doom' as he tortured and eventually killed it. But he was arrested when he sent the footage to a friend who was so disturbed by what she saw that she called the RSPCA. He was given a 12 week prison sentence suspended for 12 months and a two-year ban from owning animals.
highlights: The man posted the picture of the rodent tied up in Gaza on Facebook . He claimed the mouse had destroyed his weekly wage of around £35 . Many are claiming the picture is a hoax that appeared elsewhere as a joke .
id: aa712619530cdf57cf7c9ec1a42fcd43c2816ecb
chatgpt: A picture of a rodent tied up in Gaza on Facebook has caused controversy as many believe that it may be a hoax. The picture was posted by a man who claimed that the mouse had destroyed his weekly wage of £35. The man reportedly caught the rodent and tied it up in retaliation. The picture went viral on social media, with many users expressing outrage and sadness at the treatment of the animal. But a number of people have since claimed that the picture is a hoax, and was actually taken elsewhere as a joke. There is no doubt that animal cruelty is a real issue in many parts of the world, including in Gaza. However, if the picture is indeed a hoax, it is an unfortunate reminder of how easy it is for people to manipulate images and stories on social media. The man who posted the picture has not identified himself, but he claims that he is a resident of Gaza and that he tied up the mouse in frustration after it destroyed his weekly wage. He also said that he was not trying to harm the mouse, but simply wanted to teach it a lesson. Regardless of whether the picture is a hoax or not, it has sparked a debate about the treatment of animals in Gaza and other areas of conflict. Many argue that there are far more pressing issues to deal with in Gaza, such as the ongoing conflict between Israel and Hamas, than the treatment of animals. However, others argue that the treatment of animals is an important issue in its own right, and that it is important to call out any instances of cruelty or abuse. It is also worth noting that the picture has sparked discussion about the role of social media in spreading news and information. While social media can be a powerful tool for sharing important stories and raising awareness about important issues, it can also be a breeding ground for rumors, hoaxes, and misinformation. In the end, whether the picture of the mouse is a hoax or not, it serves as a reminder of the importance of taking all news and information with a grain of salt, and of fact-checking stories before sharing them on social media. More importantly, it highlights the need for greater compassion and respect for animals, and for the need to hold those who mistreat them to account.