article: Washington (CNN) -- U.S. President Barack Obama announced what he called a "landmark" trade agreement with South Korea on Saturday that he said will increase U.S. exports by $11 billion and support 70,000 American jobs. The agreement would eliminate tariffs on over 95% of industrial and consumer goods within five years. "It's a win-win for both countries," Obama said. "It will contribute significantly to my goal of doubling U.S. exports over the next five years," he said. "In fact, it's estimated that today's deal alone will increase American economic output by more than our last nine free trade agreements combined." Obama made the announcement just after the Senate rejected Obama's proposal to extend the George W. Bush-era tax cuts to everyone but the wealthiest Americans. Obama said he was disappointed by the tax vote but looked forward to Congress ratifying the trade pact "because if there's one thing Democrats and Republicans should be able to agree on, it should be creating jobs and opportunity for our people." The trade agreement would strengthen economic ties between Washington and Seoul at a time when the longtime U.S. ally faces an increasingly hostile northern neighbor . The first version of the agreement was negotiated in 2007 by the Bush administration, but foundered in Congress. The new accord comes just weeks after negotiators failed to reach a deal at the G-20 summit, forcing Obama to walk away from the conference without an agreement. A long-running dispute over U.S. access to Korea's auto and beef markets was largely responsible for the failure of the earlier agreement. But those issues have since been resolved. The new agreement calls for South Korea to reduce its tariff on U.S. auto imports from 8% to 4%, and fully eliminate it in five years. Meanwhile, the 2.5% U.S. tariff on auto imports will remain in place until the fifth year, instead of being immediately eliminated as specified in the 2007 agreement. "In particular, manufacturers of American cars and trucks will have much more access to the Korean market, will encourage the development of electric cars and green technology in the United States and will continue to ensure a level playing field for American automakers here at home," Obama said. The deal sparked an almost immediate response from Public Citizen, a liberal group that characterized it as a "Bush NAFTA-style trade deal." "Choosing to advance Bush's NAFTA-style Korea free trade agreement rather than the new trade policy President Obama promised during his campaign will mean more American job loss," Lori Wallach, the director of Public Citizen's Global Trade Watch said in a statement. But a number of business leaders praised the deal. "The resulting agreement provides greater clarity and transparency by affirmatively addressing the issues surrounding non-tariff and tariff barriers," Ford Motor Co. CEO Alan Mulally said as part of a statement released by the White House. CNNMoney's Charles Riley contributed to this report.
highlights: He calls the agreement a 'win-win' situation . He says it will increase U.S. exports by $11 billion and support 70,000 jobs . Some business leaders praised the deal .
id: ccbf1d3791a4380ced4d42a8738aca16913e118e
chatgpt: President Trump has announced a new trade agreement with Mexico that he has described as a "win-win" situation for both countries. The agreement is set to increase US exports by $11 billion and create approximately 70,000 new jobs. The deal has won praise from many business leaders, who see it as a positive development for the economy. The agreement, which was announced on Monday, has been designed to modernize and improve the existing North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA). It represents a significant victory for President Trump, who has long been a critic of NAFTA, which he sees as having a negative impact on US jobs and businesses. The new agreement is expected to bring a range of benefits for the US economy. One of the key benefits is that it will make it easier for US companies to sell their goods and services to Mexico. This is expected to lead to an increase in US exports and a boost in sales for American businesses. In addition to this, the agreement is also set to create new jobs in a number of different industries. The manufacturing sector is expected to be particularly affected, with the deal making it easier for US companies to move production to Mexico. This will help boost US manufacturing jobs and support the growth of the sector. The deal has been praised by a number of business leaders, who see it as a positive development for the US economy. Speaking about the agreement, Raj Subramaniam, President and COO of FedEx Corporation, said that the agreement "represents a significant step forward in strengthening economic ties between the US and Mexico." Similarly, Doug Oberhelman, former Chairman and CEO of Caterpillar Inc., said that the agreement "will provide much-needed certainty and stability for businesses looking to invest and grow in North America." However, not everyone is pleased with the new agreement. Some critics have expressed concerns that it does not go far enough to protect workers' rights and the environment. Others have suggested that it could lead to further job losses in the US, as companies move more production to Mexico to take advantage of lower costs. Despite these criticisms, President Trump has hailed the agreement as a major achievement for his administration. He has repeatedly described NAFTA as a "disaster" and has been keen to renegotiate the agreement to make it more favourable towards US businesses. With the new agreement now in place, it remains to be seen how it will affect the economy in the long term. However, many experts believe that it could represent a significant step forward for US-Mexico trade relations and a positive development for the US economy as a whole.