article: You can say one thing for Prince Andrew – he certainly has a type. For the second time in a matter of months, the prince has been seen in public with a stunning brunette lingerie model almost half his age. This week at Royal Ascot he entertained Dara Tomanovich – a Canadian who has modelled lingerie for Marks and Spencer – in the Royal Box. Scroll down for video . Royal Box: Model Dara Tomanovich chats with Princes Andrew and Harry at Ascot on Wednesday . And Miss Tomanovich – who was pictured talking to the Duke of York, 54, and his nephew Prince Harry on Wednesday – was back at the race meeting again yesterday, still sporting her coveted Royal Box and Royal Household badges. It comes after Andrew was linked in February to another underwear model, Monika Jakisic, 34 – nicknamed ‘the Croatian Sensation’ – who had previously dated George Clooney. Legwork: Model Miss Tomanovich has appeared for Marks & Spencer . When Miss Jakisic tweeted a picture of a diamond ring shortly after the pair  were seen dining together, Buckingham Palace aides were forced to issue an unprecedented statement denying the two were engaged. Last night Miss Tomanovich, who is signed to one of the most prestigious model agencies in New York, Wilhelmina, remained tight-lipped about whether she was romancing the single prince. ‘We do not comment on Dara’s personal life,’ said an agency spokesman. Miss Tomanovich has been a successful model since the age of 18, having been  the ‘face’ of designer Chloe, appeared  in Vogue and having also been photographed by the legendary fashion cameraman Patrick Demarchelier. Her agency’s website describes her as being 5ft 9in, having a 26in waist and a 34B bust with hazel eyes and brown hair. Coincidentally, she appeared alongside Clooney in an advert for Fiat cars and says on her Twitter feed that she rides a Ducati motorbike. Buckingham Palace declined to comment last night. It is understood that all of the guests who are in the Royal Box are given Royal Household badges to wear as an additional form of identification. A source said Prince Andrew – who divorced Sarah, Duchess of York in 1996 – had invited a number of guests to join him at the race meeting during the week. Hot trick: Miss Tomanovic looked very glamourous in a slate-coloured dress and white fascinator at the event .
highlights: Prince Andrew spotted with Dara Tomanovich in Ascot's Royal Box . Canadian Miss Tomanovich has modelled lingerie for Marks and Spencer . Prince linked to 'Croatian Sensation' Monika Jakisic, 34, in February .
id: 425cace8f72832651cd5693ce67b2473b6cad4bb
chatgpt: Prince Andrew, the Duke of York, has been spotted enjoying a day out at Ascot with Canadian model Dara Tomanovich. The pair were seen together in the Royal Box, with many speculating about their relationship status. Tomanovich is no stranger to the public eye, having modelled lingerie for popular British brand Marks and Spencer. However, her presence with the prince has raised eyebrows, given his past association with other women. Earlier this year, Prince Andrew was linked to another model, Monika Jakisic. Known as the "Croatian Sensation," Jakisic and the prince were seen together in February. While many are curious as to whether or not there is any romantic connection between Prince Andrew and Tomanovich, representatives for both individuals have refused to comment on the matter. This is not the first time that Prince Andrew has been linked to women in the public eye. In recent years, he has been associated with a number of celebrity figures, including American actress Denise Richards and reality TV star Kylie Jenner. Despite this, the Duke of York has maintained a relatively low profile in recent months. He has been largely absent from royal events, preferring to focus on his charity work and other commitments. It remains to be seen whether or not Prince Andrew and Dara Tomanovich will continue to be seen together in public. However, given the prince's history with other high-profile women, it is likely that their relationship will continue to be the subject of much speculation and interest. For now, though, it seems that the prince is content to keep his personal life private. While the media may be interested in his romantic exploits, Prince Andrew is focusing his energies on other areas of his life, such as philanthropy and public service. In the end, it is perhaps this combination of public and private activities that makes Prince Andrew such a intriguing figure. As a member of one of the world's most famous families, he is constantly in the public eye. Yet he manages to balance this with his own personal interests and passions, proving that there is more to him than just his royal title.