article: By . Phil Vinter . PUBLISHED: . 14:08 EST, 11 May 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 14:21 EST, 11 May 2012 . A tasteless tweet rejoicing at the news of a fatal plane which cost the lives of up to 45 people has cost a Russian flight attendant her job. Officials for Russia’s biggest airline Aeroflot wasted no time in firing Ekaterina Solovyeva after she cruelly tweeted ‘hahaha’ after a Sukhoi Superjet 100 went down south of the Indonesian capital of Jakarta on Wednesday. The stewardess wrote on her Twitter page: ‘Huh? Did a Superjet crash? Hahaha! This aircraft sucks, it's a pity it wasn't in Aeroflot, that would be one less.’ Crash scene: Flight attendant Ekaterina Solovyeva tweeted 'hahaha' on Twitter after a Russian-made plane crashed in Indonesia on Wednesday. Pictured some of the wreckage of the Sukhoi Superjet-100 . Ms Slovyeva swiftly removed the insensitive jibe, but not before other users had taken a screenshot and complained to the airline. About 45 people, reportedly including one American, were aboard the Sukhoi Superjet 100 when it vanished from radar screens during what was meant to be a brief demonstration flight. So far 12 bodies have been recovered from the wreckage, but officials believe that everyone on board died. The passengers were mostly Indonesian aviation representatives, but there were also eight Russians -- four of them crewmembers and four Sukhoi employees -- as well as an American and a French citizen, officials said. Salvage crews have located the flight recorder, which may offer clues to the cause of the crash, after the same 90-seat Russian-built jet had performed flawlessly on earlier flights piloted by an expert crew. Carnage: About 45 people, reportedly including one American, were aboard the jet when it vanished from radar screens south of the Indonesian capital of Jakarta on the edge of Mount Salak . Russian President Vladimir Putin reportedly believes there’s a 'good chance' the crash wasn’t related to the design of the plane. It is believed to be the worst demonstration accident in decades and the outcome of the investigation into its cause will be hugely significant for Russia’s attempt to make an impact on the global aviation scene. The SuperJet was designed in conjunction with Western partners and equipped with cutting-edge systems, as Russia seeks to win a slice of the regional jet market. Upset: Distraught relatives of passengers aboard the plane are inconsolable after hearing news that Indonesian Rescuers had spotted the air crash debris . The plane was on a promotional tour of Asian nations and had already carried potential buyers and reporters on flights in Myanmar, Pakistan and Kazakhstan. It was scheduled to move on to Laos and Vietnam. Russia has spent about $1.4 billion developing the twin-engine aircraft with an Italian partner, Rome-based Finmeccanica SpA (FNC)’s Alenia Aeronautica SpA. It has a range of 4,600 kilometres (2,800 miles) and costs $35 million, according to the manufacturer. Flawed design or technical malfunction would be potentially be a big blow for a plane brought into commercial service a year ago.
highlights: 'It's a pity it wasn't aeroflot' plane wrote attendant . Rescuers still searching after 12 bodies are found in mountains south of Jakarta . Superjet was on demonstration tour of Asia . Investigators yet to find out if crash was down to human or mechanical error .
id: 2751f222425689025edefa0df8709cd6dde4b2a5
chatgpt: A Russian Superjet-100 aircraft operated by Sukhoi crashed into the remote mountains south of Jakarta on Wednesday, killing all 45 people on board. The plane was on a demonstration tour of Asia and had just taken off from Jakarta's Halim Perdanakusuma Airport. Rescuers are still searching for any additional victims or survivors in the dense vegetation of the mountainous area. The crash occurred after the pilot had requested permission to descend from 10,000 feet to 6,000 feet, reportedly due to poor visibility caused by heavy rain and clouds. Despite air traffic control warning of high terrain in the area, the pilot continued to descend until radar contact was lost. The debris of the aircraft was found scattered across a heavily wooded area, making the rescue and recovery operation extremely challenging. The Superjet-100, manufactured by Sukhoi, a division of Russia's United Aircraft Corporation, had been on a six-country tour of Asia to promote the plane. The plane had already made successful stops in Myanmar, Pakistan, and Kazakhstan before arriving in Jakarta. Among the 45 people aboard the plane were several journalists, Sukhoi employees, and Indonesian aviation officials. The tragedy has left the aviation industry in Indonesia in shock and grief. While the cause of the crash is not yet known, investigators from both Indonesia and Russia are working to determine if it was due to human or mechanical error. The Superjet-100 has undergone significant safety testing in Russia and meets international safety standards. However, the aircraft's operational record has been mixed with several minor incidents reported in the past. It is difficult to ignore the comments made by a flight attendant aboard the plane shortly before the crash. According to reports, moments before the plane went down, the flight attendant wrote in a message to a friend that "it's a pity it wasn't Aeroflot", referring to Russia's national flag carrier. While it's not clear what the attendant meant by this comment, it has raised concerns about the veteran pilot flying the foreign aircraft, previously flying for the Indonesian air force. The Indonesian aviation industry has a spotty safety record with a large number of accidents occurring in recent years. The country has a number of low-cost airlines, many of which have been cited for numerous safety violations. The crash of the Superjet-100 is one of the worst aviation disasters in the country's history, and it has brought the issue of aviation safety back to the forefront of public consciousness. The aircraft industry is grappling with concerns over the reliability of new aircraft models, such as the Boeing 737 MAX, which has been grounded worldwide following two fatal crashes in Ethiopia and Indonesia. The crash of the Superjet-100 will inevitably renew scrutiny over whether new aircraft are being tested and certified safely and correctly. As the investigation into the crash continues, the aviation community is mourning the loss of the pilots, flight attendants, and passengers whose lives were lost in this tragedy. The aviation industry must prioritize the safety of passengers and crew, and ensure that new aircraft models are thoroughly checked and tested before they are allowed to operate commercially.