article: By . Mia De Graaf . Found dead: Dawn Wigglesworth's body was found hanging above her cousin after an alleged sex game gone wrong. Mark Pickford was today cleared of her killing . A man who was accused of killing his cousin in a sex game after he was found curled up under her hanging dead body has been cleared. Police found Mark Pickford asleep in Dawn Warburton's blood-stained bed. The mother-of-two, who lived in Hull, Yorkshire, was hanging by neck above him, naked, with a number of injuries to her face and arms. A jury heard Mr Pickford, from Longsight in Manchester, had exchanged a string of violent and sexual texts with his 40-year-old cousin in the weeks before her death - one of which read: 'You're getting tied up, I will treat you like a random victim, gonna do you Manchester style.' Prosecutors at his trial accused Mr Pickford of assault and manslaughter because he breached his 'duty of care' towards Miss Warburton during a sex game. The 41-year-old denied the charges, saying he had blacked out after drinking and taking drugs, and could not remember anything for five hours before police woke him up in bed. He said he had only ever had 'ordinary sex' with his cousin and that he had sent the violent texts while drunk to 'be a lad'. After almost eight hours of deliberation, the jury at Hull Crown Court found him not guilty. Judge Jeremy Richardson QC said the case had been 'unpleasant and disagreeable' for all involved while thanking the jurors for the verdict. The court was told how Miss Warburton . and Mr Pickford had been out of touch for around a year before she sent . him a text in March last year to say: 'How's tricks cuz?' After exchanging a few more messages, talk turned to sex. Mr Pickford was found at his cousin's house in Hull, Yorkshire, curled asleep under her body by police . One exchange saw Miss Warburton write: 'I scare myself the sort of dirty sex I'm into. It would warp your mind.' Mr Pickford then began to travel 100 miles from Longsight to her home in the Avenues area of Hull every week for sex. He told the court that, during the final time in April, he believes Miss Warburton may have drugged him with diazepam which 'knocked him out' until police arrived. He added he had not engaged in sexual games with her before she died. Her body was found on April 13 by a neighbour, from below, who went to investigate water dripping through her ceiling.
highlights: Mark Pickford, 41, was lying under Dawn Warburton's dead body . He had sent her a string of violent and sexual texts, the court heard . Denied manslaughter, said he only ever had 'normal sex' with cousin . Jury in Hull found him not guilty after eight hours of deliberation .
id: 1f9a3a238b7d023863e9ff7953ccf757e1e79619
chatgpt: In Hull Crown Court on Monday, a jury found 41-year-old Mark Pickford not guilty of manslaughter after eight hours of deliberation. The case centered around the death of Dawn Warburton, whose body was found lying on top of Pickford in a hotel room in Hull in August 2019. The court heard that Pickford had sent Warburton a string of violent and sexual texts prior to her death. During the trial, Pickford denied any involvement in Warburton's death and said that he only ever had "normal sex" with his cousin. However, the prosecution argued that Pickford's texts showed a clear intention to harm Warburton, and that he had lied about the nature of their relationship. The trial heard that Warburton, a 36-year-old mother of two, had met Pickford in a bar in Hull and agreed to go back to his hotel room. However, shortly after arriving at the hotel, Warburton sent a message to a friend saying that she was scared and didn't want to stay the night. The friend called the hotel to check on Warburton but was told that she had already checked out. Several hours later, Pickford was found lying under Warburton's body, which had been wrapped in a duvet. The cause of Warburton's death was unknown, but the prosecution argued that Pickford had suffocated her during a violent sexual encounter. In his defense, Pickford claimed that he had passed out while Warburton was alive and had only woken up to find her dead body on top of him. He also claimed that he had only sent the violent and sexual texts to Warburton as part of a consensual role-play. The jury ultimately found Pickford not guilty of manslaughter, but the case has raised questions about the dangers of anonymous hookups and the need for greater safeguards for vulnerable individuals. Speaking after the verdict, Warburton's family expressed their disappointment with the outcome of the trial. "Our daughter was a loving mother, daughter, sister, and friend, who was taken from us far too soon," they said in a statement. "We will never know what happened in that hotel room, but we hope that other young women will be more cautious and aware of the dangers of meeting strangers online."