article: Louis van Gaal rained on Swansea’s parade, telling the Welsh side they did not deserve to beat Manchester United 2-1. The United boss was fuming after his side suffered only their second defeat in 20 games in all competitions, falling to goals from Ki Sung-Yueng and Bafetimbi Gomis after Ander Herrera had put the visitors ahead in the first half. He said: ‘We created a chance every two minutes in the second half and they had one chance. Louis van Gaal (centre) was fuming after Manchester United suffered only their second defeat in 20 games . ‘In the first minute of the second half Swansea had a good chance and after we were dominating the game. We were not effective. In one counter they a shot (from Jonjo Shelvey) deflected and maybe also Gomis is in an offside position. So we are not happy and not lucky.’ There was a whiff of sour grapes about Van Gaal’s review of a game in which Swansea actually had more shots on goal - six to United’s three. Van Gaal added: ‘We dominated the game even with 10 men because Robin van Persie could not run anymore because of an injury (after United had made their last substitution). United goalkeeper David de Gea dives in vain to try as Ki Sung-Yueng scores the equaliser for Swansea . Jonjo Shelvey's long range shot was deflected off Bafetimbi Gomis' head for Swansea's winner . ‘It is always frustrating when you lose after dominating a team. Your disappointment is much bigger because of that. ‘It's amazing we have lost. But you do lose games. We have only lost to Southampton (since November) and when that happens we have to continue. We were the better team. But against Burnley we were not, so it's the benefit of football that the result is unpredictable. But for us it's very disappointing.’ Swansea manager Garry Monk, who has now done the double over United this season, was bemused by Van Gaal’s reaction. He said: ‘I'd rather be lucky than good. Yes we had to ride some pressure, but all their pressure amounted to one shot. We got a fantastic goal and probably could have got a third. ‘It’s the first time in the club's history (double over United). I told players before game anything in terms of creating history is worth fighting for. To be able to do the double everyone connected to club should be proud of it.' Ander Herrera reminded Van Gaal of his worth by opening the scoring for Manchester United after 28 minutes . Ander Herrera (left) celebrates with Wayne Rooney after opening the scoring against Swansea .
highlights: Manchester United suffered only their second defeat in 20 games . The visitors dominated possession but Swansea had more shots on goal . Bafetimbi Gomis deflected Jonjo Shelvey's long range effort for the winner .
id: 9f2cee687f51f7db68fc1bf22937e5f0bc7701cc
chatgpt: Manchester United's impressive run of form came to a halt as they suffered a 1-0 defeat to Swansea City at the Liberty Stadium on Sunday afternoon. The Red Devils have only lost two games out of their last 20, but they could not find a way past a resilient Swansea side. After a goalless first half, Swansea took the lead in the 73rd minute thanks to a deflected shot from Jonjo Shelvey which was credited as an own goal by United goalkeeper David De Gea. The shot took a wicked deflection off Bafetimbi Gomis, making it impossible for De Gea to make a save. The visitors, who had dominated possession throughout the match, tried to find a way back into the game but could not bypass Swansea's defence. United had more possession but Swansea had more shots on target, with Lukasz Fabianski called into action several times to deny United's attacking players. Swansea manager Garry Monk was pleased with his team's performance, especially considering their recent poor run of form. "We were playing one of the top sides in the country, and we had to be at our best to get a result," he said. "The players put in a great effort, and we deserved the win in the end." Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal was less impressed by his team's performance, saying that they were too slow and too predictable in their attacking play. "We didn't play well today," he said. "We had too many players who were not at their best, and that cost us in the end. We need to improve if we want to stay in the top four." The defeat means that Manchester United remain in third place, two points ahead of fourth-placed Arsenal and five points behind league leaders Chelsea. The result also ends their run of five consecutive clean sheets in the Premier League. Swansea, on the other hand, move up to eighth place in the league table, just one point behind Southampton in seventh. The win will be a welcome boost for Monk's side after a disappointing run of five games without a win. The defeat also highlights United's need for a world-class striker, with Radamel Falcao and Robin van Persie yet to hit top form this season. United fans will be hoping that the club will be active in the January transfer window to add some much-needed firepower to their attack. Overall, it was a disappointing day for Manchester United fans, who will be hoping that their team can bounce back in their next game against Sunderland at Old Trafford. Swansea, on the other hand, will be looking to build on this impressive win as they travel to Aston Villa next weekend.