article: Manchester City defender Pablo Zabaleta claims the Premier League champions are now bigger and better than neighbours United. City’s 1-0 win over United on Sunday was their fourth in a row against their local rivals and as good as ended any title hopes Louis van Gaal’s team may have had. And after hearing Van Gaal claim before the game that United were still the bigger club, the City right-back was happy to hit back. Pablo Zabaleta believes his side have overtaken Manchester United as the club's 'main team' The Argentine, pictured with Robin van Persie, was part of the City side which beat United at the weekend . Zabaleta said: ‘All I can say is that City’s players and the owners are making a big effort to be a top team not just in Manchester but also in the Premier League and also in Europe. ‘Probably it’s a different history now than years ago where probably United was the main team in the city. Now it’s a bit different.’ City are still searching for their best form ahead of a crucial Champions League game at home to CSKA Moscow and Zabaleta admitted that City must improve if they are to salvage their Champions League hopes, as well as to hang on to Chelsea’s coattails at the top of the league. ‘It’s another huge game on Wednesday,’ Zabaleta said. ‘We were very unlucky the last time we played them. We drew and we were winning 2-0 but obviously it’s a crucial point for us. ‘We need a win because if not it’s going to be very hard to qualify for the next round. A win could get us started. ‘We are a much better team than we’ve shown — and we can do even better.’ Zabaleta has warned his team-mates they must improve their form in the Champions League . Oliver Kahn believes Joe Hart is nowhere near the level of Bayern Munich goalkeeper Manuel Neuer . Meanwhile Zabaleta’s team-mate has come in for criticism from Bayern Munich legend Oliver Kahn, who says he needs to be more consistent to be considered alongside Bayern’s Manuel Neuer as the world’s best. ‘Neuer changed the game of goalkeeping,’ Kahn said. ‘Neuer makes a lot less mistakes than Hart. 'If you look at him there are some games where he plays not very well, Manuel is more on a constant level than Hart. Hart needs to be more consistent.’ City face Bayern in Munich later this month with their qualification hopes on the line and Kahn said: ‘It’s a big chance for Bayern to put Manchester City out and they will want to do it.’
highlights: Pablo Zabaleta believes his side are now bigger than Man United . Manchester City defeated their local rivals 1-0 at the weekend . Zabaleta is ready for 'another huge game' against CSKA Moscow .
id: d677bc2e891fb8af2cd40ebabe291f26ae77950c
chatgpt: Manchester City's veteran right-back, Pablo Zabaleta, is confident that his team is now bigger than their arch-rivals, Manchester United. The Argentinian defender's comments come after the Citizens secured a vital 1-0 win in Saturday's Manchester derby, thanks to a second-half goal from Sergio Aguero. Zabaleta, who has been a key figure for City since his arrival from Espanyol in 2008, has seen the club's fortunes rise dramatically over the past few years, with multiple Premier League titles and a growing reputation as one of the top teams in Europe. Speaking to reporters after the game, Zabaleta said: "I think we are now the bigger club. There is no doubt about it. We have been consistently successful over the past few years, and our ambitions are even higher now. This win over United just confirms that we are moving in the right direction." City's victory over United was their fourth consecutive win in the league and sees them move up to second place in the table, just two points behind leaders Liverpool. It was also their seventh win in their last eight league games, highlighting the impressive form they have been in of late. However, Zabaleta is not getting carried away and knows that there is still a long way to go in the season. Speaking ahead of City's crucial Champions League clash against CSKA Moscow on Tuesday, Zabaleta said: "We cannot afford to get complacent. There are still a lot of games to play, and we need to stay focused on our objectives. We are a team that is always hungry for more, and we need to keep working hard to achieve our goals." The match against CSKA Moscow could prove to be a pivotal one for City, who currently sit third in their Champions League group, behind Bayern Munich and Napoli. A win against the Russian side would give them a much-needed boost in their bid to qualify for the knockout stages of the competition. Zabaleta, who has featured in all five of City's Champions League games so far this season, is relishing the challenge: "This is another huge game for us. We know that we need to win it to keep our hopes alive in the Champions League. Moscow is a difficult place to go, but we have the quality to get a positive result. We just need to be mentally and physically prepared for what will be a tough test." City will be hoping to continue their impressive recent form against CSKA Moscow, before turning their attention back to the Premier League, where they face a tricky trip to face Southampton next weekend. With Zabaleta leading from the back, and the likes of Aguero, David Silva and Raheem Sterling in their attack, City will be confident of continuing their fine form and challenging for silverware both in England and in Europe.