article: (CNN) -- Paris Saint Germain recorded their first home victory of the season at Parc des Princes with a comfortable 2-0 win over Toulouse on Friday. Goals in either half by Argentina's Javier Pastore and Swedish international Zlatan Ibrahimovic earned Carlo Ancelotti's men their second successive league win and lifts them to third in Ligue 1 behind leaders Olympic Marseille and second-placed Lyon. Pastore opened the scoring seven minutes before the break when he latched onto Marco Verratti's through ball before lofting the ball over Ali Ahamada in the Toulouse goal. Ibrahimovic scored his fifth goal for his new club midway through the second half tapping home from close range after French international Jeremy Menez had beaten the offside trap. Reigning champions, Montpellier indifferent start to the season continued with a 3-1 loss away to newly-promoted Reims. Rene Girard's side are currently lying 14th, while Reims second win of the season sees them rise to eighth. Meanwhile in Italy, Juventus coach Antonio Conte's 10-month ban for corruption has been extended by football's world governing body, FIFA to include all matches worldwide. "This suspension covers all types of matches, including domestic, international, friendly and official fixtures," a statement on the FIFA website said. Conte, who led Juventus to the Serie A title last season, was suspended by the Italian Football Federation (FIGC) on August 10 for failing to report alleged corruption in two Serie B matches when he was previously in charge of then second flight Siena in 2010-11. The 43-year-old, who appealed, but failed to overturn the FIGC ban, will now not take charge of the Turin club's upcoming Champions League campaign which kicks off against Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on September 19.
highlights: Goals in either half from Javier Pastore and Zlatan Ibrahimovic earn Paris Saint Germain a 2-0 win over Toulouse . Reigning champions Montpellier lose at Reims 3-1 to stay in 14th position in the table . FIFA extend Juventus coach Antonio Conte's ban to include all matches worldwide .
id: cdcc4a3946d6decc92cf619925f6114258e34750
chatgpt: Paris Saint-Germain secured a comfortable 2-0 win over Toulouse, thanks to goals from midfielder Javier Pastore and striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic. Pastore opened the scoring in the 34th minute, curling a beautiful shot into the top corner from the edge of the box. PSG dominated the first half, but Toulouse managed to keep the scoreline at just 1-0 going into the break. In the second half, PSG continued to dominate possession, but struggled to create clear-cut chances. However, Ibrahimovic scored a crucial second goal in the 68th minute to secure all three points for Laurent Blanc's side. The Swedish striker received a pass from Ezequiel Lavezzi and fired a low shot into the bottom corner to make it 2-0. The win moves PSG up to second in the table, just one point behind leaders Marseille. Meanwhile, Montpellier's dismal start to the season continued as they lost 3-1 away at Reims. The defending champions are now languishing in 14th place in the league, having taken just six points from their first six matches. In other news, FIFA has extended Juventus coach Antonio Conte's ban to include all matches worldwide. The Italian was originally banned for 10 months for his role in a match-fixing scandal, but had his suspension reduced to four months on appeal. However, FIFA has now ruled that the ban should be extended to cover all matches, meaning that Conte will not be able to coach Juventus in the Champions League or any other competition. This is a major blow for Juventus, who have already had a difficult start to the season on the pitch. The Italian champions are currently fourth in Serie A, four points behind leaders Roma. Juventus will be hoping that their appeal against the latest decision is successful, allowing Conte to return to the dugout sooner rather than later.