article: Borussia Dortmund manager Jurgen Klopp has attacked Bayern Munich's conduct for admitting interest in Marco Reus and claims their comments could come back to bite them. The Bundesliga champions have riled Klopp this week after Bayern Munich chairman Kerl-Heinz Rummenigge talked openly about a move for attacking midfielder Reus. Klopp accused Bayern of kicking his side when they're down as Dortmund currently lie 15th in the Bundesliga ahead of their visit to league leaders Munich on Saturday. Bayern Munich have openly admitted interest in a summer move for Dortmund star Marco Reus . Borussia Dortmund manager Jurgen Klopp has been angered by Munich's public pursuit of Marco Reus . VIDEO Klopp believes karma will bite Bayern . Earlier this week Rummenigge told Bild: 'We know in Munich that Reus has a lot of quality. For us a young German national player of such quality is interesting. But I do not want to cause unrest in Dortmund.' In response Klopp told Bild: 'In a period where both teams are at the top, it's fun to reply to any questions,' adding that he knows 'nothing of what is going on right now' regarding Reus' contract situation. Klopp's side are well off the pace in the Bundesliga so far, with just seven points from the opening nine fixtures. League leaders Bayern Munich host Borussia Dortmund on Saturday as they look to extend their unbeaten run . Borussia Dortmund lie 15th in the table with seven points from nine games after a poor start to the season . 'In our current position, where this causes relatively little enjoyment, it is just not worth it,' added Klopp. 'However, I believe that life is fair. Whoever behaves badly while they succeed can get payback later. 'We currently do not have the problem of having to behave well during a period of success, because we are not in one,' he added. Despite their poor form, Dortmund did beat Bayern 2-0 in the German Super Cup at the start of the season .
highlights: Bayern Munich host Borussia Dortmund in Saturday's Bundesliga clash . Dortmund manager Jurgen Klopp has been angered by comments from Bayern Munich involving Marco Reus . Bayern sit top of the Bundesliga and undefeated after nine matches so far . Dortmund lie 15th with seven points after a terrible start to the season .
id: c6de0fa258812693d865a66d5579e8edf55d02d7
chatgpt: Bayern Munich and Borussia Dortmund will face off on Saturday in a highly anticipated Bundesliga clash at the Allianz Arena in Munich. The hosts sit comfortably at the top of the table, undefeated after nine matches played so far, whilst Dortmund are languishing in 15th position, having amassed only seven points from their first nine outings. The buildup to the match has been fraught with tension, with Dortmund manager Jurgen Klopp expressing his anger at comments made by Bayern Munich about Marco Reus. Reus, who was signed by Dortmund from Borussia Monchengladbach in 2012, was rumoured to be a potential transfer target for Bayern during the summer. Although a move failed to materialise, the Bavarian club's interest in the midfielder reportedly caused some unrest amongst Dortmund fans. Last week, Bayern Munich chairman Karl-Heinz Rummenigge made some comments about Reus during an interview with German newspaper Die Welt. "Marco Reus is a great player, but he's not born to play for Bayern," Rummenigge said. "In my view, money doesn't play a role if a player wants to join Bayern. He has to give his heart to the club." Klopp did not take kindly to Rummenigge's words. "I don't know why Karl-Heinz Rummenigge made those comments," he said at a press conference. "If he wants to win the game on Saturday by talking about Reus, then he can try. But I know that Marco is a fantastic player and he will be ready to play." Despite the off-field distractions, Bayern will be expected to continue their impressive run of form on Saturday. The team boasts a goalscoring record that is unmatched in the Bundesliga so far this season, having scored 28 times in their nine matches. Dortmund, on the other hand, have struggled to find the back of the net on a regular basis, scoring just ten goals and conceding 17 in their first nine games. The Dortmund players will be hoping to turn their fortunes around against their fierce rivals, however, and will be buoyed by the fact that they have won their last two encounters against Bayern in the Bundesliga. The two teams also faced each other in the German Super Cup earlier this season, with Dortmund emerging victorious on penalties following a 3-3 draw. The stage is set for an enthralling encounter, with both teams desperate for a positive result. Bayern will be keen to extend their lead at the top of the table, whilst Dortmund will be hoping that a win will kick-start their season and move them away from the relegation zone. Whatever the outcome, it promises to be a match that will be remembered for a long time to come.