article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 09:56 EST, 6 July 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 10:02 EST, 6 July 2012 . Like many teenagers, Tori has bad habits - but the 15-year-old orangutan's involve a nicotine addiction which has forced zookeepers to make her go cold turkey. The teenage primate has been smoking for a decade, having learned the habit by mimicking human behaviour and then puffing away on lit cigarettes which zoo visitors throw into her enclosure. But 10 years on, officials at Satwa Taru Jurug zoo in Solo, Central Java, Indonesia, have finally allowed her to kick the habit by making moving the orangutan to a different area of the zoo to make her go cold turkey. Scroll down for video . Puffing away: Tori the 156-year-old orangutan has been smoking for over a decade . Nicotine habit: Tori will be moved to a different section of the zoo to kick her habit, as visitors regularly throw her lit cogarettes . Taru Jurug Zoo director Lili Krisdianto said the move was aimed to protect four endangered orangutans at the 14-hectare (35-acre) zoo in the Central Java town of Solo. The primate previously held cigarettes casually between her fingers while taking long drags and blowing bursts of smoke out her nostrils to the delight of visitors. Hardi Baktiantoro of the Borneo-based Center for Orangutan Protection, which is helping to coordinate the intervention, said results of a medical test are expected Saturday to determine how much Tori's smoking has affected her health. A mesh cover will initially be placed over Tori's cage, and later she will be moved to a small island away from the public, he said. Safety fears: Tori will initially have a mesh cover put over her enclosure, but will later be moved to a different part of the Indonesia zoo . Several Indonesian zoos have come under scrutiny following animal deaths, including a giraffe that died in the long-troubled Surabaya Zoo in March with an 18-kilogram (40-pound) ball of plastic in its stomach after years of ingesting trash thrown into its enclosure by visitors. Indonesia is also one of the last remaining countries where tobacco companies face few restrictions on selling, advertising and promoting products long banned elsewhere. More than 60 percent of all men light up and a third of the country's entire population smokes.
highlights: Tori has smoked for 10 years as visitors throw her lit cigarettes .
id: 34d1aa5904de0acf13b4ca0ffbbc5e891722d235
chatgpt: In what can only be described as a shocking discovery, it has been revealed that a woman has reportedly been smoking for 10 years, as visitors threw her lit cigarettes. The woman, whose name is Tori, is said to have started smoking as a way to cope with stress, but she quickly became addicted to the habit. What's more disturbing is that visitors to her home would allegedly throw her lit cigarettes, which made it even easier for her to feed her addiction. According to sources close to Tori, she has tried to quit smoking several times over the years, but with no success. The addiction has reportedly taken a toll on her health, with Tori suffering from frequent bouts of coughing and shortness of breath. Her family members and loved ones have expressed concern over her health, and have urged her to seek medical help. The revelation has sparked widespread outrage and concern, with many people calling for action to be taken to address the issue. Some have suggested that Tori should be provided with professional help to quit smoking, while others have proposed stricter laws and regulations to curb the behavior of visitors who throw lit cigarettes at others. "It's just unacceptable that someone could be subjected to this kind of behavior for so long. It's a serious health risk and it needs to be addressed," said a community member who wished to remain anonymous. Others have expressed empathy for Tori, noting that addiction is a complex issue that requires compassion and understanding. "We should be looking at ways to support people who struggle with addiction, instead of condemning them. It's not an easy thing to overcome," said Mary, a neighbor who has known Tori for many years. Regardless of people's opinions on the matter, the fact remains that Tori's story is a stark reminder of how addiction can take hold of someone's life and have far-reaching consequences. It's a call to action for all of us to be vigilant and to support those who may be struggling with addiction. As for Tori, the hope is that she will be able to overcome her addiction and reclaim her health and well-being. With the right support and resources, there is no doubt that she can make a full recovery and live a fulfilling life free of addiction.