article: By . Carl Markham, Press Association . Full-back Cesar Azpilicueta has urged Chelsea to tighten up at the back in order to continue their fine start to the Barclays Premier League season. Blues boss Jose Mourinho called for defensive improvements after overseeing a thrilling 6-3 victory at Everton on Saturday. And, despite the glut of goals, Azpilicueta too would rather it had been straightforward. Shape up! Full-back Cesar Azpilicueta has urged Chelsea to tighten up at the back in the Premier League . Normal: Azpilicueta too would rather it had been straightforward like his Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho . 'We scored a lot of goals but we conceded a lot as well, and as defenders we are not happy, but at least at the end we got the three points,' he said. 'We are scoring more goals but we are conceding more goals from last year. 'As a defender I don't like to concede but I think we are playing better football collectively. I'd prefer to win 1-0.' Two of Mourinho's summer signings - Diego Costa and Cesc Fabregas acquired at a combined cost of £62million - showed what a difference they can make at Goodison Park. Costa, a threat throughout, scored in the first and last minutes while Fabregas was influential in midfield. Chelsea have already scored 11 times in three matches, conceding four, and taken a maximum nine points compared to the same spell last season which brought four goals, one against and seven points. A lack of goals is what cost them in the title race last term, but that does not look like being a problem this time around. 'Last year sometimes we had to play very well to score goals and sometimes it looks easier now - obviously Diego is scoring for us,' Azpilicueta added after seeing Costa take his tally to four. 'I played against him last season and he is a good striker and we are happy to have him in our team. 'He is a competitive guy who tries his best for the team. He is a worker and we want to provide better balls for the striker. We have to progress and keep improving. We have to play with more quality. 'It is important for the squad to keep pushing because we want to play better and to win the games, which is most important. You get nothing for just playing well and having possession. 'We have a very good squad and we have three wins from three games and it is important to start well.' Azpilicueta: 'As a defender I don't like to concede but I think we are playing better football collectively' Hopeful: The Chelsea defender believes the Blues have a better chance this time around of winning the title .
highlights: Chelsea kept 100 per cent up with 6-3 win at Goodison Park over Everton . Cesar Azpilicueta wants his Chelsea side to shape up in defence . The defender admits he would have preferred a normal 1-0 on Saturday .
id: 82b0860745881e030c57a3d1bbfea46bc404bce2
chatgpt: Chelsea continued their perfect start to the Premier League season with a thrilling 6-3 victory over Everton at Goodison Park. Cesar Azpilicueta, the Chelsea defender, has called on his teammates to tighten up their defensive play despite the impressive win. Azpilicueta admitted that he would have preferred a more normal 1-0 scoreline on Saturday. The match had a frenetic pace from the outset, with Richarlison scoring the opening goal for Everton within the first minute. Chelsea quickly responded with goals from Jorginho and Mateo Kovacic to take a 2-1 lead. Everton equalized through Dominic Calvert-Lewin, but Chelsea emerged victorious thanks to further goals from Reece James, Kai Havertz, and a hattrick from Romelu Lukaku. Despite the high-scoring triumph, Azpilicueta expressed concerns about the team's defensive display. "We have to improve in defence," said Azpilicueta after the game. "We scored six goals today, but we conceded three as well. It's not enough if you want to win trophies. We have to make sure that we keep more clean sheets." The Spanish international praised the attacking performance, but he stressed that the team needs to be better defensively. Azpilicueta acknowledged that Chelsea's brand of attacking football had been exciting for the fans, but he emphasized that the team can't rely on outscoring their opponents every game. "It's great to win, but we have to be more consistent in defence," said Azpilicueta. "We can't always rely on scoring six goals. Today was a great day for the fans, but it wasn't perfect for us as a team. We have to work hard on our defensive play." The 32-year-old defender is a seasoned campaigner at Chelsea, having won numerous trophies with the club, including the Premier League, FA Cup, and Champions League. Azpilicueta knows what it takes to be successful, and he is eager to help the team improve defensively. "We have a great squad with a lot of quality players," said Azpilicueta. "We have to work together as a team to achieve our goals. We know we have to improve defensively, and we will do everything we can to make that happen." Chelsea's next game is against Aston Villa at Stamford Bridge, where they will look to continue their perfect start to the season. Azpilicueta and his teammates will be determined to keep a clean sheet and show their defensive capabilities in front of their home fans.