article: It's all going swimmingly at the top. Chelsea - leading the way in the Premier League and their Champions League group - looked as if they hadn't a care in the world on Monday morning. The Blues face Roberto Di Matteo's Schalke on Tuesday knowing victory will take them through to the knockout stages in Europe. And, such is the morale within Jose Mourinho's squad following a glut of wins, they appeared in relaxed mood. VIDEO Scroll down to see Mourinho joke about taking on Roberto Di Matteo - on the pitch . Chelsea captain John Terry was all smiles as they trained ahead of another test in the Champions League . (From left) Ramires, Oscar, Diego Costa and Cesc Fabregas on the team bus as they gear up for Schalke . Cesar Azpilicueta poses for a picture alongside Fabregas on Chelsea's plane to Germany . Terry - along with Mark Schwarzer (left) - was in jovial mood at Cobham on Monday morning . Left back Azpilicueta (centre) joined in the fun and games with the club's goalkeepers during the warm-up . Terry's central defensive partner Gary Cahill (right) can be seen sharing a laugh with his skipper . Spanish midfielder Cesc Fabregas wraps up in response to the cold weather in the capital . And why not? Chelsea look primed to claw back the league title and are unbeaten heading into December. They appear too good to be beaten, while also having both Diego Costa and Cesc Fabregas fit and firing ahead of the trip to Germany. Mourinho reignited his war of words with the Spanish national team over the weekend, intimating that there were double standards at work in the ongoing club versus country dispute. 'My doctor and the doctor of the Spanish national team, they had the scans and they decided that the player was not in the condition to play,' he said, before rounding on Sergio Ramos for questioning certain players' commitment to Spain. 'My doctor and the Spanish national team doctor, they had the scans and decided the player was not in a fit condition to play. I don't think Sergio did a medicine masters in the last couple of years to understand it.' But that won't bother him a jot this week; both of his star performers were on the plane to Gelsenkirchen with the team flying out on Monday afternoon. Costa - complete with hat and gloves - attempts to control a ball under the watchful eye of Terry . Jose Mourinho cracks a smirk knowing his side need one more win in Europe to progress to the latter stages .
highlights: Chelsea play Roberto Di Matteo's Schalke on Tuesday . The Blues can progress from Group G with a win in Germany . Diego Costa and Cesc Fabregas both trained at Cobham .
id: 4affd31daaed772c9eb48c4b1088e3493097d1fa
chatgpt: Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho will be looking to secure progress to the knockout stages of the UEFA Champions League as his side face Roberto Di Matteo's Schalke on Tuesday evening. The Blues currently sit in second place in Group G, but can secure their place in the next round with a win in Germany. Mourinho's men will be buoyed by the fact that key duo Diego Costa and Cesc Fabregas both trained at Cobham on Monday ahead of the crucial clash. Costa has been struggling with a hamstring injury in recent weeks and missed the weekend's Premier League victory over West Bromwich Albion. Fabregas has also been suffering with a niggling injury and was forced to sit out Spain's friendly against Germany last week. However, the pair's return to training has offered a welcome boost to the Chelsea squad, who will be looking to end a run of three consecutive draws in all competitions. The Blues have struggled to rediscover their early-season form, but will be looking to put those disappointments behind them with a positive result in Germany. Schalke, meanwhile, have endured a difficult start to their season both domestically and in Europe. Di Matteo's men currently sit in fourth place in the Bundesliga and have struggled to replicate the form that saw them reach last season's Champions League knockout stages. The German side will also be without the services of star man Klaas-Jan Huntelaar, who is set to miss Tuesday's clash with a knee injury. The Dutch striker has been in fine form for Schalke this season, scoring five goals in 11 appearances. His absence will be a significant blow to Di Matteo's side, who will be looking to end a run of four consecutive games without a win in all competitions. Despite their recent struggles, Schalke will be confident of giving a good account of themselves against Chelsea. The former Blues boss will be looking to prove a point against his former employers, while the home crowd at the Veltins-Arena will undoubtedly provide a hostile atmosphere for the visitors. Tuesday's clash promises to be an intriguing encounter, with both sides knowing that a victory could prove crucial in their chances of progressing to the knockout stages of the competition. Chelsea will be hoping that Costa and Fabregas can rediscover their early-season form and lead the Blues to a much-needed victory, while Schalke will be looking to upset the odds and claim a valuable three points against the Premier League leaders.