article: Belfast, Northern Ireland (CNN) -- Police clashed with hundreds of rioters in eastern Belfast on Tuesday in the second straight night of sectarian violence there. About 700 people had amassed in the streets Tuesday night, the Police Service of Northern Ireland said. Molotov cocktails, fireworks and bricks were being thrown, police said. Police fired water cannons on the crowd and asked the media to move away from the area. Two men suffered burns and one man was injured after shots were fired, police reported. Reporters retreated from the area after a newspaper photographer was shot in the leg. Sectarian rioting began late Monday in eastern Belfast, with leaders from both Catholic and Protestant communities reporting attacks on homes overnight. Police reported Molotov cocktails were being thrown as a large crowd gathered on the streets that separate Catholic and Protestant neighborhoods in the area, a longstanding Northern Ireland flash point. Ambulance services reported two people injured early Tuesday, and reporters attempting to cover the disturbances were threatened. The Irish republican party Sinn Fein said up to 100 masked men raided Catholic-owned homes in the Short Strand neighborhood after allegations by unionist politicians that Protestant homes were attacked Sunday. Police had no information on any of Sunday's reported attacks. Sinn Fein blamed the attacks on Catholics on members of the Ulster Volunteer Force, a loyalist paramilitary group that officially disarmed in 2009. Police had no immediate comment on the assertion. After a long period of quiet in its ongoing "Troubles" between Catholics and Protestants, Northern Ireland has seen a resurgence of violence in recent months. Tensions also are typically elevated in early summer, when Protestant groups hold commemorative marches to celebrate the 17th century victory of England's King William III over his Catholic predecessor, James II. "We would appeal to anyone with any influence to continue to work with police to tackle these issues which are damaging for the whole community," Assistant Chief Constable Alistair Finlay said Tuesday in a statement. "This is an issue that cannot be addressed by police alone."
highlights: Rioters pelt police with petrol bombs, fireworks and bricks, police say . Reporters retreat from the area after a photographer is shot . Police also clashed with rioters in east Belfast Monday . Northern Ireland has seen a resurgence of violence in recent months .
id: a3643d14f0f508f921a286e07f246e154384cc9f
chatgpt: Violence erupted yet again in Northern Ireland as rioters clashed with police in east Belfast on Monday. Police reported that the rioters had pelted them with petrol bombs, fireworks and bricks, causing a tense standoff. According to eyewitnesses, reporters had to retreat from the area after a photographer was shot. The incident left many in the community shocked and outraged. This latest round of clashes highlights a resurgence of violence in the region, which has seen increasing levels of unrest in recent months. It is a troubling trend that is causing concern among local officials and the public alike. The situation has been sparked in part by tensions over Brexit and the Northern Ireland Protocol. The protocol has placed a hard border in the Irish Sea, which many unionists see as a betrayal of their British identity. Some political leaders have condemned the violence, calling it a needless distraction from the real issues at hand. They have urged the community to come together to find a peaceful resolution to the current crisis. Northern Ireland has a long history of sectarian violence, which was largely quelled by the Good Friday Agreement in 1998. However, tensions have resurfaced in recent years, particularly with the ongoing debate over Irish reunification. Despite these challenges, the people of Northern Ireland remain resilient and determined to build a brighter future for themselves and their children. They recognize that this latest outbreak of violence only serves to undermine their progress and must be resolved quickly. As the situation unfolds, the community looks to leaders on all sides to defuse tensions and find a way forward. It is a time for calm heads and reasoned voices to come together to find a path towards peace and reconciliation. The eyes of the world are watching, and the people of Northern Ireland deserve a brighter future.