article: By . Victoria Woollaston . PUBLISHED: . 12:23 EST, 4 November 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 17:08 EST, 4 November 2013 . Wozniak, pictured, told the BBC he 'wishes to God' Apple and Google will be partners in the future . The two companies are fierce rivals and tech fans are well and truly split in the battle between Android and iOS, yet Google and Apple could one day be partners if Steve Wozniak was to get his way. The Apple co-founder told the BBC he wishes ‘to God' his tech firm and Google will be partners in the future. He also admitted Apple’s voice recognition service Siri can't always live up to the same standards as Google’s Android version. A partnership between the two firms could make phones better, he continued. In the interview with BBC Click, Wozniak, 63, said: ‘Sometimes I say 'Go to Joe's Diner' and [Siri] doesn't know where Joe's Diner is. 'And very often usually I find out that Android does.’ He continued that Google’s success is down to the fact Android has the benefit of being directly linked to the California-based firm’s search engine and results – something Apple doesn’t have the benefit of. Wozniak adds that Android is the ‘future of intelligence for computers getting smarter’ and wishes the two companies could join forces. If the two companies combined, Wozniak claims the information that could be shared would benefit all those involved, and ultimately benefit the paying customers. Wozniak admitted Apple's voice recognition service Siri, pictured right, just isn't up to the same standards as Google's Android version, pictured left. The 63-year-old believes a partnership between the two tech giants would make phones and technology in general better for everyone . Last week, Wozniak ruffled Apple fanboy feathers by admitting wouldn’t be interested in buying the new iPad Air. The 9.7-inch tablet, said to be 20 per . cent thinner than previous models, officially went on sale on Friday, . but Wozniak won’t be buying one. He told the Apps World conference in . London: 'Yes it's thinner but I wanted storage' adding he was tempted, . but in the end emailed his wife saying he wouldn't be getting one. He additionally claims there are features on Samsung phones he wishes were in his iPhone and wants every company to share the good technology to encourage development, especially in wearable technology, including smartwatches. Looking further forward, Wozniak told the BBC he believes we’re on the verge of having products with ‘foldability and flexibility’ and predicts this will be where the real technological advancements will lie. Last week, Wozniak ruffled Apple fanboy feathers by admitting he wasn't interested in buying the new iPad Air. The 9.7-inch tablet, said to be 20 per cent thinner than previous models, officially went on sale on Friday, but Wozniak claimed he won't be buying one. Speaking at the Apps World conference in London: 'Yes it's thinner but I wanted storage' adding he was tempted, but in the end emailed his wife saying he wouldn't be getting one.
highlights: Wozniak admits Apple's Siri can't live up to Google's voice recognition . He wants to see the companies sharing information to make phones better . The 63-year-old also wants to see Samsung features on his iPhone .
id: 743e108338736a626bf0950ad1aa8f3d088d6195
chatgpt: Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak recently admitted that his company's voice assistant, Siri, does not have the same level of accuracy as Google's voice recognition. In an interview with CNBC, Wozniak stated that he believes the two tech giants should work together to make smartphones even better. "Google Assistant is way ahead of Siri in knowledge and language understanding," Wozniak said. "If I were to start up a company today, I would build a Siri-like interface and use Google's technology for the backend." Wozniak initially praised Siri when it was first released in 2011, but he has since changed his opinion after using Google Assistant extensively. He noted that Google's voice recognition is able to more accurately understand his spoken commands, even in noisy environments. The co-founder also expressed his desire for Apple to incorporate Samsung's features into its iPhones. "I wish Apple would use them and could use them, and I don't know if Samsung would stop us," he said. Wozniak specifically mentioned Samsung's curved screens and stylus pen as features he would like to see on his iPhone. Although Wozniak's comments may seem surprising, it is not unexpected for someone in the tech industry to advocate for cooperation between companies. In fact, Google and Apple have worked together in the past, with Google being the default search engine on Apple's Safari browser and Apple using Google's Map data in the past. Furthermore, the tech industry is known for being competitive but also collaborative, with companies often partnering up on projects or merging their technologies to create better products. Wozniak's call for collaboration between Apple and Samsung is not the first time that he has advocated for such cooperation. In 2015, he suggested that Apple and Google should come together and build a smartphone operating system, citing the benefits that could result from combining the strengths of both companies. The co-founder's comments come at a time when the tech industry is undergoing major changes, with consumers demanding new and improved products that can do more than ever before. With the increasing proliferation of voice assistants and smart home devices, accuracy and functionality are becoming even more important. For tech companies to stay ahead of the curve, they must be able to keep up with changing consumer needs and demands. Collaboration between companies with complementary technologies and features may be the key to creating devices that surpass current standards. It remains to be seen if Apple and Samsung will take up Wozniak's suggestion to work together, but with the continued advancement of tech, collaboration between companies may prove to be a critical factor in the success of future products.