article: Ronald Koeman and Manuel Pellegrini have dismissed suggestions by Jose Mourinho that Premier League referees have an anti-Chelsea agenda. Mourinho claimed there is a ‘conspiracy’ against his League leaders after Cesc Fabregas was booked for diving when his manager thought he should have been awarded a penalty in the 1-1 draw at Southampton on Sunday. Saints boss Koeman now accepts that referee Anthony Taylor should have awarded a spot-kick for Matt Targett’s challenge on Fabregas, but claimed it was the sort of mistake all clubs have to cope with over the course of a season. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Manuel Pellegrini saying he learnt from Barca referee rant . Manuel Pellegrini and Ronald Koeman have rejected Jose Mourinho's claims . The Chelsea boss claimed there was a 'conspiracy' against his side . Mourinho believes there is a deliberate attempt to undermine Chelsea when penalties are not given . And Manchester City manager Pellegrini said he trusted all referees to officiate fairly. Asked for his thoughts on Mourinho’s controversial claims, Koeman said: ‘It’s his feeling, I can’t say anything about that, but I don’t think so. I think referees are human people, everybody makes mistakes. ‘And I think at the end of the season it’s a little bit in balance. I don’t think teams are more punished by the referee than the rest of the teams. It was a bad mistake from the referee, because when I watched the game afterwards it was a 100 per cent penalty. But sometimes you get a penalty and sometimes you don’t, that’s part of the job.’ As Manchester City boss Pellegrini prepared for his side's game against Sunderland, he said: ‘I don’t want to talk about what other managers say because I don’t know what happens in every game. Maybe as a manager we only know what happens against our team. All teams have difficult moments with referees. Mourinho shows his frustration as Cesc Fabregas is fouled against Southampton . 'All teams drop points because of referees making mistakes. The first goal by Burnley against us on Sunday was offside. 'It’s normal and I don’t have any doubt about the way the referees whistle every game. I trust absolutely in the way they do it.’ Pellegrini and Mourinho have never got on since becoming rivals in Spain. The ill-feeling has only intensified since they came to England. The City manager served a Champions League touchline ban for criticising an official last year, but he added: ‘After the game is not the best moment to talk about decisions, particularly if you have not won. It’s a difficult profession, refereeing.’
highlights: Jose Mourinho said there was a conspiracy against Chelsea . Southampton boss Ronald Koeman has publicly backed referees . Manuel Pellegrini refused to respond to Mourinho's claims .
id: d7db7966320622d5ebd97082095d8cceccff376e
chatgpt: In a recent press conference, Chelsea manager, Jose Mourinho, expressed his concerns over a conspiracy against his team. He stated that his team was facing unfair treatment at the hands of referees. Mourinho has had a rough start to the season, with his team losing four out of their first nine games. He believes that his team should have been awarded more penalties, and that his opponents have been allowed to get away with fouls. Many have criticized Mourinho's remarks, calling him paranoid and overly critical. However, some have come to his defense, stating that there may be some truth to his claims. Despite Mourinho's words, some managers, like Ronald Koeman of Southampton, have publicly backed referees, saying that they have done a good job this season. Koeman believes that referees are doing their best to maintain fairness in the league. Manuel Pellegrini, the Manchester City manager, refused to comment on Mourinho's conspiracy theory. He stated that he does not want to get involved in arguments between other managers. Mourinho's comments have caused controversy in the football world, with many calling on him to back up his claims with evidence. Referees have also responded, saying that they are trained to be objective and impartial at all times. This is not the first time Mourinho has made bold statements in the media. He has previously managed Real Madrid and has been known for his controversial comments during his tenure there. Many are now wondering whether Mourinho's words will have an impact on future matches. Referees may feel pressured to be more lenient towards Chelsea, while opposing teams may be more cautious to avoid giving away free-kicks or penalties. Overall, Mourinho's conspiracy theory has sparked a heated debate in the football world. While some believe that there may be some truth to his claims, others think that he is simply looking for excuses for his team's poor performance. Regardless of the truth, it is clear that Mourinho's remarks will continue to be the subject of discussion for some time.