article: Dozens of concertgoers were hospitalized during a show by superstar DJ  Avicii in Boston on Wednesday night, CNN affiliates reported. Local media put the number of patients anywhere between 30 and 80. Massachusetts General Hospital told CNN it  received 13 patients between ages 16 and 19. All of the patients are being evaluated, said Kory Zhao, a hospital public affairs officer. Most patients had a problem with dehydration, drugs and alcohol, authorities told CNN affiliate WHDH. Avicii, the Swedish artist behind the hit song "Wake Me Up," performed at  the TD Garden as part of his True Tour. Dozens of ambulances lined up outside the garden  venue as crowds spilled into the streets after the concert. Other ambulances zoomed off, red lights flashing, as frazzled parents waited. "I have a 15-year-old and her girlfriend that came to the Avicii concert ... we just heard about this, " Pam Jones told WHDH. "I'm very shocked. We have to find her." Chanel Andre, who also attended the concert, said the venue was hot. "These concerts should be outside ... I think it was a combination of heat and drugs, more of the latter," she said. The artist, whose real name is Tim Bergling, became an international star as a DJ and producer in electronic dance. His other hit songs include "Hey Brother" and "Levels," which was nominated for a Grammy for Best Dance Recording last year. This is the latest incident involving concertgoers. A man collapsed and died after leaving the Electric Daisy Carnival in Las Vegas on Saturday morning, the Las Vegas Sun reported. Avicii was on the schedule of performers at that festival. It's unclear whether his death was linked to the festival. An investigation is under way. Police told  the newspaper that nearly 800 people were treated for medical conditions, 25 of whom were transported to local hospitals. About 400,000 people attended the Las Vegas music event during its three-night run, the paper said. Avicii cancels Ultra Festival performance to undergo gall bladder surgery . Electric Zoo music festival canceled after 2 deaths blamed on drugs . 10 indicted in deaths at 201 Love Parade music festival in Germany .
highlights: This is the latest incident involving concertgoers . Superstar DJ Avicii is the Swedish artist behind the hit song "Wake Me Up" Most patients had a problem with dehydration, drugs and alcohol, authorities say .
id: 65f79c1950b734ca8f1cbf3b32248952b3e9db2a
chatgpt: Superstar DJ Avicii, the Swedish artist behind the hit song "Wake Me Up," made headlines yet again as he performed for a packed crowd over the weekend. However, the concert was plagued with several incidents involving concert-goers. According to authorities, most of the patients who sought medical attention had a problem with dehydration, drugs, and alcohol. The search for drugs was intensified by the authorities which led to the confiscation of a considerable amount of illegal drugs.  The incidence is but the latest in a series of concert-related incidents across the world. In previous incidents, concert-goers have been injured, killed, or have died under suspicious circumstances. In Avicii's case, many of the attendees were under the influence of drugs and alcohol, which raises questions about the responsibility of both the performer and the concert organizers. Concert organizers have come under scrutiny for their lack of security measures and the inadequate provision of medical facilities. Authorities are calling for concert organizers to take necessary precautions to ensure the safety of the concert-goers. They have also urged performers to take the initiative and encourage their fans to enjoy the concert responsibly. Avicii's camp has yet to release a statement regarding the weekend's events. Still, many speculate that he will address the issue in his upcoming performances. Fans are hopeful that Avicii will use his platform to educate his audience on the dangers of drugs and alcohol. The Avicii concert is a wake-up call that should remind us of the importance of safety in live music events. The incidents that occurred over the weekend should serve as a warning to concert organizers to improve their safety measures to prevent fatalities and injuries. Concert-goers and performers alike should be responsible for their actions and ensure that the concerts are not ruined by unruly behavior. It is the responsibility of all stakeholders in the entertainment industry to create a safe and enjoyable environment for everyone. Concert attendees should also remember that the use of illegal drugs is not only a risk to their safety but also illegal under the law. In conclusion, the Avicii concert is a reminder that safety should be of paramount importance in live music events. Concert organizers and performers should join hands to improve security measures to prevent any incidents that could risk the safety of their fans. We hope that Avicii will address this issue in his upcoming performances and use his platform to educate his fans.