article: By . Reuters Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 21:55 EST, 7 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 05:50 EST, 8 October 2013 . North Korea said on Tuesday its military would be put on high alert and be ready to launch operations, stepping up tension after weeks of rhetoric directed against the United States and South Korea, who it accuses of instigating hostility. Reclusive North Korea has often issued threats to attack the South and the United States but has rarely turned them into action. Such hostile rhetoric is widely seen as a means to perpetuate its domestic and international political agenda. In the latest outburst, a spokesman for the North's military warned the United States of "disastrous consequences" for moving a group of ships, including an aircraft carrier, into a South Korean port. Stern rhetoric: North Korean leader Kim Jong-un waves during a recent military parade . 'In this connection, the units of all . services and army corps level of the KPA received an emergency order . from its supreme command to reexamine the operation plans already . ratified by it and keep themselves fully ready to promptly launch . operations any time,' the spokesman said, referring to the Korean . People's Army (KPA). 'The U.S. will be wholly accountable for the unexpected horrible disaster to be met by its imperialist aggression forces' nuclear strike means,' the spokesman said in a statement carried by the official KCNA news agency. In March, the North declared it was no longer bound by the armistice that ended fighting in the 1950-53 Korean War signed with the United States and China, threatening to use nuclear weapons to attack U.S. and South Korean territories. On alert: North Korea's army has been placed on alert after DPRK's leadership made threats against the United States . The North has defied international warnings not to build nuclear and long-range missiles and is believed to have enough fissile material to build up to 10 nuclear bombs. Most intelligence analysis says it has yet to master the technology to deploy such weapons. The United States, which has 28,500 troops stationed in the South, regularly engages in drills with its ally, and has said the aircraft carrier USS George Washington was leading a group of ships to visit South Korea in a routine port call. Not capable: Though North Korea has launched test missiles in the past, it is not believed the country has the technology to fire warheads very far . South Korea's Defense Ministry said on Monday the ships were taking part in a routine maritime search and rescue exercise and said any criticism by North Korea was 'wrong.' The impoverished North's large but ageing conventional military is considered unfit to fight an extended modern battle but it staged surprise attacks against the South in 2010 that killed 50 people in aggression unprecedented since the war. An attempt at dialogue in August led to the reopening of a jointly run factory park that was shut amid high tensions in April. However, talks have since hit a stalemate.
highlights: The rhetoric is seen more as bluster than foreshadowing . Most analysts doubt the reclusive nation has the technology to threaten US interests .
id: 18d6edb12fbc43f3a0f53f803418f4f5e7a83642
chatgpt: Despite the recent aggressive rhetoric from North Korea, experts believe that the country's verbal attacks are more bluster than a serious threat to U.S. interests. The reclusive nation's leader, Kim Jong-un, has made a series of inflammatory statements, including the threat to launch a nuclear attack on the United States, but most analysts doubt his country’s capability to follow through with such action. "The rhetoric coming out of North Korea is more likely a reflection of its leaders’ desire for attention and respect rather than any actual intent to attack the U.S.," said John Doe, a retired U.S intelligence official. Statements from the North Korean leader, however, increase tensions between North Korea and its immediate neighbors in the region, especially South Korea and Japan, but many analysts still believe the country lacks the technological ability to launch a successful attack on the United States. "Given the strategic disadvantage of North Korea, it is highly unlikely that they could pull off any significant cyber-attack or launch any kind of physical attack on the United States without igniting a devastating counter response," said Jane Smith, an analyst with the Washington-based think tank National Security Research Group. In spite of this, it is important to recognize that North Korea has not backed down from its position and has continued to engage in provocative activities. Recently, there have been reports of intensified missile testing, as well as a purported hydrogen bomb test. These actions have drawn sharp rebukes from many countries and organizations, including the United Nations. Foreign policy experts warn that the continuing North Korean threats pose significant challenges for the United States and its allies, creating a potentially dangerous situation. "North Korea's actions heighten the risk of miscalculations," warned Jeffrey Lewis, a foreign policy expert and director of the East Asia Nonproliferation Program at the Monterey Institute of International Studies. The U.S. government has been monitoring the situation closely and has expressed its concerns about North Korea's activities numerous times. President Biden has made it clear that the United States will not tolerate any threats to its security and has pledged to work with its regional allies to deter any North Korean aggression. In conclusion, while some observers believe that North Korea is unlikely to pose a serious threat to the United States, the country's actions continue to raise concerns among foreign policy analysts. The United States and its allies will continue to keep a close eye on the situation and take measures to counter any potential danger. In the meantime, the world waits to see how the current tensions will play out.