article: By . Rob Robertson . Sam Chalmers, son of 1990 Grand Slam legend Craig, has been using his own lamentable story to warn teams at the IRB Junior World Championship in New Zealand about the dangers of taking drugs. Chalmers, 20, tested positive for a banned substance in the run up to last year’s tournament in France and was subsequently banned for two years. The Melrose player has expressed his regret at his mistake and told his tale to this year’s future stars of world rugby and encouraged them to be aware and educate themselves on anti-doping matters. VIDEO: Scroll down to watch Sam Chalmers talk about his doping experience . Naive: Sam Chalmers admits he was stupid to take drugs, but wants to help other players avoid them . Chalmers has since gone on to become a personal trainer and will be eligible to play Rugby again from June 2015. ‘You don’t realise how much you miss something until you lose it,’ said the former Melrose player. ‘I now know that hard work beats everything, and there’s no shortcuts in Rugby. 'All the players that have gone pro have worked hard. I cheated and took the easy option, but you can’t do it as it will come back to bite you. ‘I was under pressure to get bigger and one day I decided to take what my friend had taken. I didn’t think what it could do to my body. 'It was a supplement that I ordered online and I only took it for a week, but that online order was the worst mistake of my life.’ Back in the day: Craig Chalmers (centre) was a Scotland and Lions legend in the early 1990s . IRB Anti-Doping Manager for Testing and Education, Ilaria Baudo, said: ‘The feedback from the sessions with Sam at this year’s tournament has been really positive. 'Many of the players and team management have described how touching his story has been, and how it’s made them aware of the dangers and the consequences in taking prohibited substances. ‘Sam is an incredibly brave young man and the IRB is grateful for the time he has given to share his story with players of his generation. 'It has taken a huge amount of courage to put his hand up and try to turn his negative experience into a positive one. The IRB wish him all the best in his quest to return to the playing field.’ The head of WADA, Sir Craig Reedie, told Sportsmail on Tuesday about the dangers of taking supplements — and UKAD has warned British sports stars that they have ‘no excuses’ not to be educated ahead of the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow this summer.
highlights: Son of Scotland legend Craig was banned for two years in 2013 . 20-year-old is working with IRB to prevent young stars repeating his error . Melrose player can return to the sport in 2015 .
id: 0fb703b01407853ffb33e7bc01507aa9fea1d4ad
chatgpt: The son of Scottish rugby legend Craig Chalmers, who was banned from the sport for two years in 2013 after testing positive for a banned substance, is now working with the International Rugby Board (IRB) to prevent young stars from repeating his mistake. The 20-year-old, who plays for Melrose in the Scottish Premiership, has been working closely with the IRB to raise awareness of the dangers of doping and to educate young players on the importance of making informed decisions about what they put in their bodies. Chalmers was banned for two years after testing positive for the steroid stanozolol following a routine drug test. The ban, which was handed down by the Scottish Rugby Union, meant that Chalmers was unable to play rugby competitively for two years and was also required to undergo drug counseling. However, Chalmers has used his experience to help others and has been working with the IRB to spread the message about the dangers of doping in sports. He has been visiting schools and sports clubs throughout Scotland to talk to young players about the importance of clean sport and to encourage them to make informed choices when it comes to supplements and other performance-enhancing substances. Chalmers explained that he made a mistake and that he wants other young players to learn from his error. "I made a mistake, and I paid the price for it," he said. "But I want to use my experience to help other young players make the right choices and to avoid the same mistake that I made." The IRB has praised Chalmers for his work and has said that he is a positive role model for young players. "We are delighted to be working with Craig Chalmers to promote clean sport and to educate young players about the dangers of doping in sports," said an IRB spokesman. Chalmers is due to return to the sport in 2015, and he said that he is eager to get back on the field and to prove that he can be successful without the use of performance-enhancing substances. "I made a mistake, but I have learned from it," he said. "I am looking forward to getting back on the field and showing that I can be successful without the use of banned substances." Chalmers' story serves as a reminder of the importance of clean sport and the dangers of doping in sports. The IRB and other organizations continue to work tirelessly to educate young players about the risks associated with performance-enhancing substances, and they hope that Chalmers' story will inspire others to make informed choices and to avoid making the same mistake that he did.