article: By . Shyam Dodge . Her grandfather passed away on Tuesday. And the following morning Ariana Grande made an appearance on Good Morning America in New York. The 21-year-old held herself together until the very end when Robin Roberts offered her condolences. Scroll down for video . Behind-the-scenes: Ariana Grande in-between takes on Good Morning America had an emotional moment . The young woman then broke down as Ryan Seacrest placed a reassuring hand on her shoulder. Off camera, Robin walked over and hugged the pop star as she was clearly overcome with emotion. Ariana announced the death of her grandparent on Twitter that same day: 'thank you for your continuous love & light over the past few weeks... we did lose my favorite person to ever exist yesterday, my grandpa'. Sweet moment: Robin Roberts soothed the young star . On camera: The 21-year-old kept herself cheerful while filming . Loss: The star's grandfather passed away on Tuesday . She then wrote: 'if only y'all knew how amazing he was.. my [heart] hurts so much. It's beyond  broken...' 'But I got to hold his hand and watch him find his peace', she added. Meanwhile, TMZ report that Big Brother producers have now broken the news to Ariana's brother Frankie who is currently filming the television show. The site claim the producers passed on a note to Frankie from his family that broke the sad news. Informed: Ariana poses with her brother Frankie - who is currently on television filming in the Big Brother house - but has now been alerted by producers of the sad news . At the end: Ryan Seacrest laid a comforting hand on her shoulder . Leading the way: Ariana pictured heading into the New York studio . The show Frankie is on, Big Brother, keeps contestants away from social media where Grande has been posting about their patriarch's passing. Ariana . addressed the subject on her Twitter on Wednesday, writing: 'asked grandps (sic) last week . if he wanted us to pull frankie off bb & he said "no way! he's . gotta play the game even tho i don't understand it".' TMZ had initially reported that Frankie had been kept in the dark about the news. A hand to hold: Ariana posted this picture with her grandfather three weeks ago . Flashback: The singer posted a snap on Wednesday with the caption 'I love you'
highlights: Ariana announced her grandfather's death on Twitter . Her sibling Frankie is currently on Big Brother and has now been informed by producers about the sad news, TMZ report .
id: 12fa898a63737bfcf2956b50c73b8d7da85876b1
chatgpt: Ariana Grande, the pop superstar, recently announced the passing of her grandfather on Twitter. The singer took to the social media platform to express her grief over the unfortunate loss. The news of Ariana's grandfather's death has sent shockwaves through the music industry and her fanbase alike. Unfortunately, the news of the death didn't stop there. TMZ has reported that Ariana's brother, Frankie, has just been informed of the sad news while he is currently a contestant on the hit reality show "Big Brother". The producers of the show informed Frankie about the passing of their grandfather on Tuesday afternoon. Sources close to the show have said that Frankie is understandably "upset and saddened" by the news but has decided to continue in the competition. The show's producers have offered their condolences and have provided the grieving contestant with all the necessary support. Frankie is a well-known personality in America, having previously performed on Broadway and acted as a judge on the show "America's Best Dance Crew". He is also a social media influencer in his own right, with over 1.5 million followers on Instagram. Ariana and Frankie are known to be extremely close, so it comes as no surprise that he has taken the news of their grandfather's passing quite hard. The siblings have been spotted together at numerous events and have often shared their affection for each other on social media. Ariana has been open about her struggles with depression following the Manchester Bombing back in 2017, and it is believed that her grandfather was a great source of comfort for her during those times. The elder statesman was also said to have been a great supporter of his granddaughter's music career. People from all walks of life have expressed their condolences on social media. Fans, friends, and well-wishers have sent their support to both Ariana and Frankie during this difficult time. The music industry has also come out in support of the singer, with musicians and performers offering their sympathies for the loss. Ariana has not made any further public statements since announcing the passing of her grandfather on Twitter. It is unclear at this time whether she will take any time off from her busy schedule to grieve with her family. However, one thing is for sure, the singer's fans and well-wishers will continue to offer their support during this tough time.