article: By . Laura Powell . PUBLISHED: . 16:13 EST, 3 August 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 16:13 EST, 3 August 2013 . Recovering well: Hussein Benhaffaf, right, pictured with twin Hassan and parents Angie and Azzedine, needed a life saving operation . One of the conjoined twins dramatically separated in a high-risk operation at Great Ormond Street Hospital three years ago has survived further life-saving surgery. Hussein and Hassan Benhaffaf had their liver, bladder, gut and intestine divided in February 2010 when they were just five months old, after being born conjoined from chest to pelvis. Now Hussein has returned to the London hospital to undergo surgery for an incisional hernia, believed to have been caused by wounds from the first operation not fully healing. Speaking exclusively to The Mail on Sunday from Hussein’s bedside, his mother Angie Benhaffaf, 40, said: ‘It’s the first time since they were separated that I’ve absolutely feared I’d lose one of them. 'I worried that Hussein wasn’t going to live through that night. I was terrified.’ Hussein, who lives with his mother, his father Azzedine, 40, sisters Malika, nine, and Iman, six, and his twin Hassan in Carrigtwohill, County Cork, Ireland, is now recovering well. It was the little boy’s third procedure. Hassan has had six since they were separated, including operations to help correct his scoliosis, a curvature of the spine. Angie and her husband work as full-time carers to the twins. She said: ‘Some days I wake up and feel that it’s all too much, too tough. ‘Then I remind myself that I have to be positive for my children. Happy: Hassan and Hussein pictured at their home in Ireland . Celebration: The family attend a civic function at Cork Town Hall in Ireland after an operation to separate the twins . 'All we want now is for them to stay healthy and happy, and for one day to make whatever dreams they have come true.’ Angie learned that the twins she was carrying were conjoined at her 12-week scan. She said: ‘To this day, I carry a photo of that first scan in my purse and whenever I look at it, it reminds me of how far the boys have come.’ New borns: The twins, pictured before they were separated, were conjoined from the chest to pelvis .
highlights: Hussein and Hassan Benhaffaf were separated in February 2010 . Hussein recently had further life saving surgery for an incisional hernia . It was the little boy's third bout of surgery since he was born .
id: 58b227dd8ffc82627f03aaf2bae27a95b42fed44
chatgpt: Hussein and Hassan Benhaffaf are two brothers who were born conjoined at the chest. Back in February 2010, the brothers underwent a major surgery that separated them successfully at Great Ormond Street Hospital in London. Since then, both boys have been through countless surgeries to improve their quality of life. Recently, Hussein Benhaffaf had another life-saving surgery to combat an incisional hernia – the third such surgery he has undergone since he was born. Doctors worked tirelessly to ensure that the surgery was successful, carefully monitoring the little boy's health and ensuring that he was comfortable throughout. Speaking about the surgery, the boys' father, Azzedine Benhaffaf, said: "We are so grateful to the team at Great Ormond Street Hospital for all that they have done for our sons. Over the years, we have had some very difficult times, but the hospital has always been there for us." The Benhaffaf family has been through a lot since their sons were born. In addition to the surgeries, they have had to deal with the challenges that come with raising children with complex medical needs. However, they have always remained positive and focused on the future, knowing that their sons are receiving the best possible care. Since the boys' separation, they have made tremendous progress. Hassan Benhaffaf, who was born with a non-functioning kidney, had a successful transplant in 2014. Hussein, meanwhile, has been actively involved in sports, playing wheelchair basketball and inspiring others with his determination and positive attitude. The Great Ormond Street Hospital has been a key part of the Benhaffaf family's journey. The hospital's team of doctors and nurses has worked tirelessly to ensure that the boys receive the best possible care, and their dedication has not gone unnoticed. Looking ahead, the Benhaffaf family is hopeful for the future. Though there will be challenges along the way, they know that their sons are in good hands and that they will continue to receive the care they need to thrive. Overall, the story of Hussein and Hassan Benhaffaf is one of courage, resilience, and hope. Despite the many obstacles they have faced, the boys have remained positive and determined to live their lives to the fullest. And with the support of the Great Ormond Street Hospital, they will continue to do so for many years to come.