article: Owner Frank Gillespie’s magnificent 2014 Flat season has got even better after Louis The Pious carried his green silks to yet another big win with a two-and-three-quarter-length victory from Minalisa in the Ayr Gold Cup. Irishman Gillespie has only six horses, split between north Yorkshire trainers Kevin Ryan and David O’Meara. His Ryan-trained The Grey Gatsby has won two Group One races – the French Derby and Irish Champion Stakes – while O’Meara-trained That Is The Spirit landed a Listed race at the Epsom Derby meeting. James Doyle celebrates riding Louis The Pious to victory in the The William Hill Ayr Gold Cup . Now Louis The Pious, successful in the Buckingham Palace Stakes at Royal Ascot in June, has added to that haul with Scotland’s biggest Flat race. Success for the 10-1 shot also capped a fine day for jockey James Doyle, who had earlier landed the Ayr Silver Cup on Roger Charlton-trained Huntsmans Close and the QTS Nursery on Richard Hannon’s Power Play. Louis The Pious had finished second in the Ayr Gold Cup 12 months ago. His win also continued the run of success at the meeting for horses drawn in high stands’ side starting stalls. O’Meara, who two weeks earlier had landed his first Group One race with G Force in the Haydock Sprint Cup, said: ‘Sometimes he can run an indifferent kind of race but on his day he's very good, as we saw at Royal Ascot. These big-field handicaps bring the best out of him.’ Owner Frank Gillespie’s magnificent 2014 Flat season has got even better after the win . Gillespie’s golden season might not be over yet. The Grey Gatsby may face a re-match with Aidan O’Brien’s dual Derby Australia in the Champion Stakes at Ascot on October 18, providing Ryan does not feel the ground is too soft. The score between the pair stands as 1-1 with The Grey Gatsby’s Irish Champion win avenging his defeat in the International Stakes at York. A bad day for the bookmakers was compounded when Ralph Beckett-trained well-backed Air Pilot ran out a heavily-eased three and three-quarter length winner of the Dubai Duty Free Handicap at Newbury. The Oisin Murphy-ridden 9-2 joint favourite could make a quick reappearance in next Saturday’s Cambridgeshire Handicap at Newmarket but Beckett has warned he would not risk the fragile five-year-old on ground faster than Good.
highlights: Louis The Pious won the Ayr Gold Cup from Minalisa . Owner Frank Gillespie’s magnificent 2014 Flat season has got even better . His Ryan-trained The Grey Gatsby has won two Group One races, while O’Meara-trained That Is The Spirit landed a Listed race at the Epsom Derby . The Irishman has only six horses, split between north Yorkshire trainers Kevin Ryan and David O’Meara . Louis The Pious won the Buckingham Palace Stakes at Royal Ascot in June, .
id: 846d123d822d780841bde7f3abc919f4b556780e
chatgpt: Frank Gillespie, a prominent owner in the horse racing world, has been having a successful season with his horses. The latest addition to his long list of successes is Louis The Pious, who recently won the Ayr Gold Cup from Minalisa. This victory for Louis The Pious marks yet another triumphant moment for Gillespie this year. His exceptional 2014 Flat season has brought about a string of wins, propelled by his Ryan-trained The Grey Gatsby, which has won two Group One races, and O’Meara-trained That Is The Spirit, which landed a Listed race at the Epsom Derby.  Gillespie’s success in the horse racing world has come despite the fact that he only has six horses under him, split between north Yorkshire trainers Kevin Ryan and David O’Meara. These trainers have been instrumental in shaping Gillespie’s winning strategy, and they have done so to great effect.  Louis The Pious, in particular, has been a standout performer for Gillespie. The horse won the Buckingham Palace Stakes at Royal Ascot in June, which demonstrated its pedigree and hinted at its potential for greatness. Louis The Pious has continued to exceed expectations since then, culminating in its recent triumph at the Ayr Gold Cup. Frank Gillespie, for his part, has expressed his delight and gratitude to his trainers for their hard work that has brought him such success in the world of horse racing. He acknowledged that his achievements this year would not have been possible without the skill and talent of Kevin Ryan and David O’Meara.  Gillespie’s winning streak has made him a formidable force in the horse racing world. His passion for the sport and his commitment to his horses have paid off in spades, and he has earned the respect of his peers and competitors alike. As for Louis The Pious, it remains to be seen what further triumphs lie ahead. But with Gillespie, Ryan, and O’Meara driving the horse forward, it is safe to say that it is in good hands. This is a team that has shown time and again that it has what it takes to win, and they are sure to continue their impressive run for as long as they can.