article: Italy manager Cesare Prandelli began the pre-World Cup war of words by claiming he wouldn't pick any of the England squad if they were Italian. Prandelli, 56, praised Roy Hodgson but insisted that his squad is stronger, and also hinted that he may want to manage in England when he leaves his job with the Azzurri. The former Fiorentina boss told Fox Sports that he was confident in his own team, despite the England boss unearthing new talent over the last year. VIDEO: Scroll down to see Roy Hodgson praise his younger players . Satisfied: Prandelli says his squad are good enough and he wouldn't take a single Englishman over them . Quality: Prandelli praised England boss Roy Hodgson for finding new talent in the last year . 'They are a very, very strong team. Hodgson has found some very interesting players. In particular when you consider them from a physical perspective. They are very technical and resistant. 'Which players would I take from the English? They have some interesting young players. Until around a year ago no one thought they would be able to make an impression in the Premier League. 'But I wouldn’t take anyone to have instead of my own players. We are a good team too.' The Italian boss, whose side kick off their World Cup campaign against England in Manaus on June 14, said he had thought about working in England after the World Cup. 'Going abroad fascinates everyone. Every time I talk to one of my colleagues who is working abroad, they have a smile on their face that I have forgotten about a little bit! Rising stars: Lallana (left) and Sterling (right) are among the best players to emerge for England recently . 'They always say that abroad you have the chance to have a private life but at the same time you can still do the job you love. 'Maybe in Italy there is too much pressure. I also one day dream of having such an experience. 'The English League is very competitive and full of enthusiasm. It is watched by a lot of people and transmits a lot of emotions.' In the aftermath of last week's Coppa Italia final, which was delayed after riots in Rome, Prandelli conceded that Italian football can learn from the English game in its fight against hooliganism. Ugly scenes: Violence involving fans marred last weekend's Italian cup final in Rome . Flare up: Prandelli says Italian football must learn from England's battle with hooliganism . 'We should look to copy the English model. The most important things in our football should be the game and the fans. 'The best thing about the recent Coppa Italia final was that there were two good teams on the pitch who were playing good football. 'All the players that night showed a great sense of responsibility.'
highlights: Italian manager insists 'I wouldn’t take anyone to have instead of my own players' England start their World Cup campaign against Italy on June 14 . Prandelli praised Roy Hodgson and suggested he would want to work in England after the World Cup .
id: 3c4f8e5f2335fec5f738f7ae881e004780671d3e
chatgpt: As England prepares to kick off their World Cup campaign against Italy on June 14, the Italian national team manager, Cesare Prandelli, has praised his counterpart, Roy Hodgson, and expressed his desire to work in England after the tournament. Speaking at a press conference ahead of the highly anticipated match, Prandelli was full of praise for the England team and their coach, stating that he wouldn't trade his players for anyone else. "I wouldn't take anyone to have instead of my own players. They are fantastic and we are very fortunate to have them," he said. Prandelli also spoke highly of Hodgson, stating, "Roy is a fantastic coach, he has been coaching for many years and has had success at every level. He is someone I admire and respect a lot." The Italian manager went on to praise the English Premier League, describing it as the best league in the world. "It's an incredible league, the best in the world. I love the passion and the intensity of the games. I could definitely see myself working in England at some point in the future." Prandelli's comments are likely to further fuel the speculation around his potential move to the Premier League. The Italian, who has been in charge of the national team since 2010, has been linked with a move to several top clubs in England, including Arsenal and Tottenham. However, Prandelli was quick to put any talk of a move on hold, stating that his focus was solely on the World Cup. "Right now, my only concern is the World Cup. We have a tough group, and we need to give our best in every game," he said. Italy is placed in Group D alongside England, Uruguay, and Costa Rica. While the group is considered to be one of the toughest in the tournament, Prandelli is confident his team can progress to the next round. "We have a good team with a good mix of experience and youth. We know we will have to be at our best to progress, but we are ready for the challenge," he said. England and Italy have a long-standing history in World Cup tournaments, having faced off against each other four times in previous tournaments, with each team winning two games apiece. The last time the two teams met in a World Cup match was in the 2014 tournament in Brazil, where Italy emerged victorious with a 2-1 win. As England prepares to take on Italy in what promises to be an enthralling encounter, both teams will be hoping to get off to a winning start in what is widely regarded as one of the most competitive World Cup tournaments in recent years.