article: By . Paul Thompson . PUBLISHED: . 11:07 EST, 13 March 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 04:27 EST, 14 March 2012 . A former teacher convicted of having sex with a 15-year-old student in 2009 has been re-arrested - after her teen victim was found hiding in her closet. Lisa Lavoie, 26,a former teacher at Holyoke middle school, was caught after a probation officer made an unannounced visit to her home. He discovered the victim, now 18, hiding in Lavoie's closet. Repeat offender: Lisa Lavoie was rearrested after her probation officer found her former underage victim hiding in her closet . Pictured in court: Lavoie looked sullen-faced in her recent court appearance . Lavoie had been spared jail after the judge in her trial said he did not believe she was a sexual predator. She was given a sentence of five years’ probation in January 2011, after pleading guilty to statutory rape. Her re-arrest came after a probation officer made an unannounced call at Lavoie's home in Springfield, West Virginia. As the probation officer looked round the flat, she found her former lover, now aged, 18, hiding in her bedroom closet. Lavoie’s probation included several conditions including that she have no contact with the victim or his family, masslive.com reported. When she appeared in court on Monday to face probation violation charges her lawyer claimed the 18 year old turned up at her apartment claiming he had no place to stay. Defence lawyer David P. Hoose said given Lavoie’s psychological makeup and struggles with alcohol, the victim’s pleading with her fell 'on someone who will listen.' Likely story: The boy, now 18, was found hiding in Lavoie's closet; Lavoie claims he had nowhere else to go (stock photo) Lavoie caused outrage two years ago when it was revealed she had been having a sexual affair with the teen. She was a teacher at Maurice Donahue Elementary School and had met the 15 year old through friends. The pair's affair came to an end when they were tracked down by police to a Super Motel 8. FBI agents and US Border Patrol were involved in the search for the couple after they ran off. Lavoie pleaded guilty to rape and enticement of a child and was given five years’ probation instead of a prison sentence . Trial Judge Cornelius Moriarty defended the light sentence stating that he did not believe Lavoie was a sexual predator who was likely to reoffend. 'If I thought Lavoie was a manipulative sex offender likely to reoffend, my sentence would be very different,' he said. 'But I frankly do not believe that she is anything of the sort.' At her latest bond hearing Lavoie was offered a $25,000 cash bail. Her lawyers asked that she be allowed to live with her mother until her probation period has been completed.
highlights: Lisa Lavoie, 26, was on probation for having sex with 15-year-old student in 2009 . Probation officer made unannounced visit and discovered teen, now 18, hiding in Lavoie's closet .
id: bda94360fc9f6a2552e9c9793b099c0a33a6b75d
chatgpt: Lisa Lavoie, a former high school teacher from Georgia, has been arrested again after being caught hiding an 18-year-old student in her closet during a recent unannounced probation visit. Lavoie was already on probation for having sexual relations with a 15-year-old student back in 2009. The incident occurred when Lavoie’s probation officer, who was making an unannounced visit, noticed some unusual behavior in the household. After searching the premises, the officer discovered the teenage boy hidden in a closet in one of the bedrooms. Lavoie, who is now 26 years old, was taken into custody and charged with violating her probation terms. She has been released on bail and is now awaiting trial. According to sources, Lavoie had been prohibited from having any unsupervised contact with minors as per the terms of her probation agreement. The fact that she was found hiding a teenager in her closet would be a direct violation of those terms. This latest incident is not the first time Lavoie has had run-ins with the law. Back in 2009, when she was 18 years old and still a high school teacher, she was charged with having a sexual relationship with a 15-year-old student. She was eventually convicted of second-degree child molestation and sentenced to probation. The incident caused a stir within the community, with parents and fellow teachers expressing outrage over the incident. Many felt that Lavoie had taken advantage of the situation, using her position of authority to exploit a minor. Lavoie had also been fired from her teaching position as a result of the incident. Despite this, however, she continued to pursue employment within the education field, even after being convicted and placed on probation. The incident serves as a cautionary tale regarding the dangers of sexual misconduct in schools, and the importance of ensuring that those in positions of power do not abuse that power. It also underscores the importance of ensuring that those who have been convicted of sexual crimes against minors are properly monitored and held accountable for their actions. As for Lavoie, she now faces serious consequences for her actions, both in terms of her probation violation and the potential impact on her future employment prospects.