article: By . Jill Reilly . PUBLISHED: . 06:13 EST, 8 January 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 08:15 EST, 8 January 2013 . Eight suspected militants were killed on the Afghan border of Pakistan today in a strike by several missiles from American drones. Two Pakistani intelligence officials said the compound was located near the town of Mir Ali in the North Waziristan tribal area. One of the officials said an al Qaida operative was believed to have been killed in the strike.North Waziristan, the area where the strike occurred, is considered a stronghold for insurgent groups operating in both Afghanistan and Pakistan. Killed: Several missiles fired from American drones slammed into a compound near the Afghan border in Pakistan early today, killing eight suspected militants, Pakistan officials said (file photo) It is one of the few parts of the tribal areas that border Afghanistan in which the Pakistani military has not conducted a military operation to root out militants, despite repeated pushes to do so from the American government. Today's strike was the fourth since the new year began. On Sunday nine Pakistani Taliban fighters were killed when American missiles fired from several drones flying overhead slammed into three militant hideouts in another tribal area, South Waziristan. The militant in charge of training . suicide bombers for the Pakistani Taliban was believed by Pakistan . intelligence officials to have died in Sunday's strike. On January 2, a drone strike killed a top Pakistani militant commander, Maulvi Nazir. He was accused of carrying out deadly attacks against American and other targets across the border in Afghanistan. Killed: Maulvi Nazir, centre, flanked by his bodyguards, speaks to journalists. On January 2, a drone strike killed the top Pakistani militant commander . Tactics: Pakistani children play in a slum on the outskirts of Islamabad. Islamabad officially opposes the use of US drones on its territory, but is believed to have tacitly approved some strikes in past . But unlike most members of the Taliban in Pakistan, he negotiated a truce with the Pakistani military in 2009 and did not attack Pakistani troops or domestic targets. The US's covert drone programme is extremely controversial in Pakistan where many in the country look at it as an infringement on their sovereignty. Many Pakistanis complain that innocent civilians have also been killed, something the US rejects. Islamabad officially opposes the use of US drones on its territory, but is believed to have tacitly approved some strikes in past.
highlights: Today's strike was the fourth since the start of the new year . Compound was located near town of Mir Ali in North Waziristan tribal area .
id: 22169af3501bc06504f18d013adf5448dbdf247a
chatgpt: In a continuation of the ongoing violence in Pakistan's northwestern region, a bombing strike occurred on Wednesday, marking the fourth such strike since the start of the new year. The target was a suspected compound located near the town of Mir Ali, in the North Waziristan tribal area. Initial reports indicate that the strike was carried out by unmanned drones, though this has yet to be confirmed by Pakistani authorities. The North Waziristan tribal area has long been known as a hotbed of militancy and insurgency, with both the Taliban and al-Qaeda maintaining a strong presence there. This has led to increased drone activity in the region, with the United States carrying out a number of strikes targeting suspected terrorist compounds and hideouts in recent years. Despite this, the drone program remains deeply controversial, with many Pakistanis decrying the strikes as a violation of their country's sovereignty. The Pakistani government has also expressed public opposition to the program, though leaked documents have shown that officials privately approved of the strikes. As of the time of writing, there has been no word on the casualties resulting from the strike, nor on the identities of any of the individuals targeted. This is not uncommon, as Pakistani authorities often do not release information on drone strikes for fear of causing further unrest or backlash. The strike comes at a time of increased political tension in Pakistan, with opposition parties holding a series of rallies and protests calling for the resignation of Prime Minister Imran Khan. Many have accused Khan of being a puppet for the military establishment, which has long held a significant role in Pakistani politics. The situation in North Waziristan and other tribal areas remains volatile, with the Taliban and other militant groups continuing to launch attacks on both military and civilian targets. Despite this, the Pakistani government has been reluctant to take decisive action against these groups, with many analysts viewing this as a result of the military's continued influence over the country's leadership. As the region continues to face instability and violence, the use of drones for targeted strikes remains a controversial and divisive topic. While some view the program as a necessary measure to combat terrorism, others see it as a violation of human rights and an affront to Pakistani sovereignty. Regardless of one's stance on the issue, it is clear that the use of drones in North Waziristan and other tribal areas will continue to play a significant role in the region's ongoing conflict.