article: She has millions in the bank, the world's most coveted designers on speed dial and brands practically throwing free clothes at her. But Kim Kardashian has been quietly championing a lesser-known brand during her time in Paris and thanks to the reality TV star's seal of approval, it looks set to become the next big thing. The style icon, who is currently recovering from being accosted by a celebrity pest on the red carpet, has stepped out in designer label A.W.A.K.E. twice in four days. So who's behind this little-known label and how did fashion's finest discover it? In a word: Kanye. Scroll down for video . She must like this label! Kim Kardashian has been spotted wearing not one but two designs by label A.W.A.K.E, which is run by Russian designer and Harper's Bazaar fashion director, Natalia Alaverdian . The brand, which is actually run by Russian designer and Harper's Bazaar former fashion director, Natalia Alaverdian, was discovered online by Kim's husband, Mr West. 'He researches everything and he loves to find new talent, and he introduced me to her and told me she’s part Armenian, and so am I,' Kim told WWD. 'I’m all about empowering other women to be successful and it’s really important to me to support designers that I believe in and friends that I believe in that are hardworking.' Introduction: Kim was introduced to Natalia, right, by her husband, Kanye Wes, left. She said: 'He researches everything and he loves to find new talent, and he introduced me to her and told me she's part Armenian, and so am I' Fashionable friends: Natalia, who now works as an art and photography director for the women's glossy, focuses on classic shirting, tailored coats, and dresses like the one Kim models . Natalia Alaverdian founded  A.W.A.K.E. (which stands for All Wonderful Adventures Kindle Enthusiasm) back in September 2012 and it has been championed by editors and bloggers ever since. However, now that Kim has been spotted wearing not one, but two of the structured designs - and even co-hosted a party on the designer's behalf - it looks set to become a household name. Natalia, who now works as an art and photography director for the women's glossy, focuses on classic shirting, tailored coats, and dresses. She takes inspiration from  animals and characters from history, art and film, particularly from Japanese art and culture. Speaking about her label, Natalia, who has preciously styled Dita Von Teese, said: 'My goal   is to propose a personal and distinct voice through clothing that balance conceptual, storytelling aspirations with commercial viability.' Prepare for sell out! Friends in high places: Mario Testino, Kim Kardashian, Miroslava Duma, Natalia Alaverdian and Melvin Chua attend the Buro 24/7 Fashion Forward Initiative Presenting Natalia Alaverdian, Founder and Creative Director of A.W.A.K.E. in Paris .
highlights: Kim, 33, spotted wearing A.W.A.K.E. designs twice this week . Founded by Harper's Bazaar director, Natalia Alaverdian . Kanye, who 'researches everything' discovered her online . Kim co-hosted a party in Paris in her honour last week .
id: 8c4e53a66c3241de9c4c49eec1cd36267fc757a2
chatgpt: Kim Kardashian, the famous reality TV star, has been spotted wearing clothes designed by A.W.A.K.E. twice this week. The fashion label was founded by Natalia Alaverdian, who previously worked as the director of Harper's Bazaar Russia. It seems that Kim is a fan of her designs and has been showing her support by wearing her clothes publicly. The story of how Kim discovered the fashion label is an interesting one. Apparently, her husband Kanye West, who is known for his meticulous research habits, discovered A.W.A.K.E. online and recommended it to Kim. Kanye is known to be a fan of fashion himself, often collaborating with designers to create his own streetwear brands. Kim's endorsement of A.W.A.K.E. comes at a perfect time for the brand. Just last week, Kim co-hosted a party in Paris in honour of Natalia Alaverdian. The party was a major success, with many high-profile guests in attendance. It was a great opportunity for Natalia to showcase her designs, and it seems to have paid off. A.W.A.K.E. is a unique brand that focuses on creating eccentric and avant-garde designs. The label has been gaining popularity in recent years, thanks to its unusual and bold aesthetic. Natalia Alaverdian is known for her unique vision, and her designs are unlike anything else in the fashion world. Kim Kardashian's endorsement of A.W.A.K.E. is a huge coup for the brand. Kim, who has millions of Instagram followers and is constantly in the public eye, can have a major influence on fashion trends. Her support of A.W.A.K.E. is sure to get the brand noticed by a wider audience. It's not the first time that Kim has helped a lesser-known designer gain recognition. In the past, she has supported up-and-coming designers like Olivier Rousteing of Balmain and Riccardo Tisci of Givenchy. Kim has a great eye for fashion and has a knack for discovering new talent. It's clear that A.W.A.K.E. is a brand to watch in the coming months. With the support of Kim Kardashian and other high-profile celebrities, it's sure to gain even more popularity. Natalia Alaverdian's unique vision and bold designs are sure to make a mark on the fashion world, and we can't wait to see what she comes up with next. In conclusion, Kim Kardashian's fashion choices have once again caught the attention of the fashion world. With her recent endorsement of A.W.A.K.E. designs, the brand is sure to gain wider recognition in the coming months. Natalia Alaverdian's unique vision and designs have caught the attention of high-profile celebrities and the public alike, and we're excited to see what she comes up with next.