article: British hostage John Cantlie believes 'two-thirds' of what he is saying in propaganda videos released by Islamic State, according to his sister. The photojournalist, who was kidnapped by jihadists nearly two years ago, has been shown in a series of videos recently in which he speaks about ISIS, and criticises both the UK and U.S. governments over their strategies to deal with the terrorists. Mr Cantlie, who wears an orange jumpsuit and appears to be reading from prepared scripts, has said it is true that he is a prisoner but claimed he had been abandoned by the government. Scroll down for video . John Cantlie believes two-thirds of what he says in videos released by the Islamic State, his sister says . The photojournalist was kidnapped by jihadists nearly two years ago and has appeared in several ISIS videos . Jessica Cantlie said her brother John was a 'very principled man' , and she understands how he feels . His sister Jessica, who issued a video plea to his captors last week to renew contact with her family, believes some of her brother's words reflect his views. She told the Sunday Times: 'He believes at least two-thirds of what he is saying. He's a very principled man.' She added that she understands his feelings of abandonment. Referring to his captors she said: 'I'm never going to be an apologist for who they are now. But these people, all of them, have suffered a huge injustice.' Ms Cantlie pleaded with her brother's captors to renew contact with her family saying the 'channels are open' Ms Cantlie, whose father Paul spoke earlier this month from his hospital bed to appeal for his son's release, said her family last received evidence the freelance journalist was alive at Christmas which was 'the most fantastic' present. The next they heard of him was in the first IS video released last month. She said her family 'really, really need to hear' from her brother's captors, saying: 'The channels are open. If they cannot access [the existing] channel, please set up a new one, because we are trying to communicate.'
highlights: John Cantlie was kidnapped by jihadists nearly two years ago . He has criticised both the U.S. and UK governments in ISIS videos . His sister Jessica says her brother believes 'two-thirds' of what he says .
id: 636f3e880da89ec72a0dfe7c1fa2d53742eea325
chatgpt: John Cantlie was kidnapped by ISIS nearly two years ago and since then, his sister Jessica has been fighting for his safe return. Cantlie is known for appearing in ISIS propaganda videos, in which he often criticizes both the US and UK governments. However, according to his sister, Cantlie does not believe everything he says in these videos. In a recent interview with The Guardian, Jessica revealed that her brother believes "two-thirds" of what he says in the videos. She explained that Cantlie has been using his appearances in the propaganda videos as a way to stay alive and to play a "double game" with his captors. Jessica also criticized the UK government for not doing enough to secure her brother's release. She said that the government's policy of not negotiating with terrorists has put her brother's life in danger. "It's been two years and he's still not home," she told The Guardian. "I think the British government has to really step up and think about what they're doing with regards to these situations." Cantlie's case is not unique. Many journalists and aid workers have been kidnapped by extremists groups in the Middle East in recent years. The UK government's policy of not negotiating with terrorists has been criticized by some who argue that it puts the lives of British citizens at risk. In the case of Cantlie, his sister believes that the UK government could have done more to secure his release, including negotiating with his captors. She also criticized the US government for not doing more to help her brother. "It's difficult when you have governments who are so big and powerful and you have one individual who's been taken by these groups," she said. "It's hard to make a difference, but I think they could be doing more." Despite the challenges, Jessica remains hopeful that her brother will be released. She continues to raise awareness about his case and has been working with other families of kidnap victims to call for change in government policy. "I'm hopeful that he's still alive," she said. "I believe that he's still alive and I hope and pray that he comes home soon."