article: By . Mark Prigg . PUBLISHED: . 04:50 EST, 17 September 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 06:31 EST, 17 September 2013 . Martian bases could be built on the red planet by robots excavating underground caves, a group of German architects has claimed. The team from ZA Architects believes that basalt, already detected on the red planet by rovers, could be used as a building material to create large underground caves and create a ‘martian cement’. ‘The surface of Mars is primarily composed of basalt, and the Phoenix lander directly sampled water ice in Martian soil,’ the team say. Martian bases could be built on the red planet by robots excavating underground caves, a group of German architects has claimed . ‘Basalt is good material to make a protectional cave on, to produce insulation, and basalt roving, which is stronger than steel.’ The rovers would excavate large caves underground, leaving pillars of basalt to support the roof. When human explorers arrive, they would simply need to install windows, doors and life support systems. The team from ZA Architects believes that basalt, already detected on the red planet by rovers, could be used as a building material to create large underground caves and create a 'martian cement' The rovers would excavate large caves underground, leaving pillars of basalt to support the roof. When human explorers arrive, they would simply need to install windows, doors and life support systems . Rockets with digging robots are sent to Mars and search for large areas of Basalt. Robots analyse basalt columns for strength. They then drill basalt, moving down and leaving pillars of the material as large . columns to support the cave’s roof. Astronauts finish the construction . and arrange technical facilities as water, oxygen, windows and doors . using basalt material spun as a glass-fibre like cement. ‘Curiosity sooner or later will bring human to Mars and wouldn't it be nice to have permanent station to explore it?’ Arina Ageeva of ZA Architects told Dezeen. ‘It seems pretty logical to use caves as the main protective structure of the colony.' The team even believe basalt could be used to create a ‘spider’s silk’ material similar to glass fibre that could be used as a building material. ‘We can weave minimal surfaces that will be used as floors on different levels in the cave,’ she told Dezeen. The architects propose that roving robots will weave spatial spider-like web that will be used as spaces and construction to hold domestic . and technical facilities . ‘This material is already in use in the aerospace and automotive industries. It is stronger and lighter than steel, easier to operate, fireproof and it does not corrode,’ she added. They also believe the bases could include farming areas, saying ‘some martian soil is appropriate for growing certain agricultures, such as asparagus. ‘Possibility of food production will make Martian settlements independent of expensive deliveries from the Earth.’ They also believe the bases could include farming areas, saying 'some martian soil is appropriate for growing certain agricultures, such as asparagus'
highlights: ZA Architects believes that basalt on Mars could be used as building material . Rovers would excavate large caves underground, leaving pillars of basalt . When human explorers arrive, they would simply need to install windows, doors and life support systems to make they area habitable .
id: 8fce988459691b8aa2df64a6436d40ae2fd0b26e
chatgpt: ZA Architects, a team of architects and designers based in Ukraine, has come up with a bold plan to colonize Mars using basalt as a building material. The team believes that this volcanic rock, which is abundant on the Red Planet, could be the key to creating livable spaces for human explorers. According to ZA Architects, the process would start with rovers sent to Mars. These rovers would excavate large caves underground, leaving pillars of basalt to support the roof. The basalt would then be used to construct walls with the help of a 3D printer. The result would be a cozy and secure space protected from the harsh climate and radiation on the surface. "The idea is to take advantage of the natural resources on Mars to create a comfortable environment for human explorers," said Arina Agieieva, one of the architects at ZA Architects. "Basalt is an ideal material for this purpose because it is durable, strong, and abundant on Mars." The next step in the process would be to install windows, doors, and life support systems to make the area habitable. This would require a team of human explorers to travel to Mars, but ZA Architects believes that the cost and risk of such a mission would be worth it. "The goal of our project is to create a sustainable and self-sufficient colony on Mars that could serve as a stepping stone for further space exploration," said Agieieva. "With basalt as our building material, we believe that we can achieve this goal." Of course, there are still many challenges to overcome before such a mission could be launched. The construction process would require sophisticated technology and skilled operators, and the logistics of transporting humans and equipment to Mars would be daunting. However, ZA Architects is confident that these challenges can be overcome with determination and innovation. "Our team is constantly exploring new ideas and technologies to make this vision a reality," said Agieieva. "We are excited about the possibilities of using basalt as a building material to create a sustainable future for humanity on Mars." The concept of colonizing Mars has been the subject of much speculation and scientific research over the years. While there is still much to be learned about the challenges and benefits of such a mission, ZA Architects' focus on using natural resources for construction represents a step forward in the development of sustainable space exploration. As research into the possibilities of living on Mars continues, it is clear that innovative approaches to construction and infrastructure will be key to making this vision a reality. With bold ideas like those proposed by ZA Architects, the dream of colonizing Mars may not be as far-fetched as it once seemed.