article: Paul Lambert has told exciting young winger Jack Grealish that Aston Villa is the ideal place to progress his career as contract talks progress amid interest from Chelsea. Grealish, who turned 19 this month, has made a promising start to life in the Villa first team this season with three appearances off the bench in the Premier League, but his current deal runs out next summer. The lifelong Villa fan, who joined the club aged six and is rated very highly, has spoken of his intentions to stay at the club and a four-year contract is on the table. Jack Grealish (R) has been told he will get more first team chances by staying at Aston Villa . The teenager has been attracting admiring glances from Premier League leaders Chelsea . ‘This is the best place to be because he’s getting the chance to get round and about our first team,’ said Lambert. ‘He’s playing little bits here and there but he’s still far from being an establish player. He’s not near the finished article. But he’s developing, which is great. The way his career is going hopefully something will be done.’ Negotiations are also underway with Fabian Delph and Ron Vlaar, who both see their contracts expire at the end of this season. ‘They’re different from Jack because they’re seasoned pros. We will see what happens,’ added Lambert. ‘We’re talking to their respective parties. That’s the good thing.’ Lambert insisted he would receive backing in his bid to tie down the trio from owner Randy Lerner, who attended his first match in two years for the visit of Arsenal last weekend — a sight suggesting his move to sell the club are on the backburner. Paul Lambert (R) oversees training ahead of Aston Villa's trip to Stamford Bridge . England midfielder Fabian Delph (C) is in talks to sign a new contract at Villa Park . The Villa manager revealed Lerner is likely to come to more matches and added he has already begun discussing the January transfer window with new chief executive Tom Fox, presenting a sign of the American’s longer-terms plans. ‘Ultimately the decision will come from the chairman, what he wants to do,’ said Lambert. ‘He’s never once said to me, “You cant do x, y and z”. If he thinks it’s too dear he’ll say no, if he thinks it’s fine he’ll say fine. That’ s all you want, honesty. ‘If someone comes in (with a bid) that will make Aston Villa stronger and is right for the chairman, I still think that (sale) will happen. But while he is here he will continue to make Aston Villa the best it can be.’
highlights: Jack Grealish will get more chances at Aston Villa, says Paul Lambert . The 19-year-old has attracted interest from Premier League leaders Chelsea . England's Fabian Delph is in talks to sign a contract extension at Villa Park . Owner Randy Lerner is expected to visit more matches this season .
id: c55d1b2f5a5824ddfb768522227320a2de492bad
chatgpt: Aston Villa manager, Paul Lambert, has confirmed that rising star, Jack Grealish, will be given more opportunities to shine for the Midlands club. The 19-year-old midfielder, who has been attracting interest from Premier League leaders Chelsea, has recently shown impressive form for Villa and has been tipped as one to watch for the future. Lambert commented, "Jack is an exciting player with a lot of potential, and we want to nurture that. He has a great attitude and is professional in his approach. He will definitely have opportunities to show what he can do for us." Grealish has already played seven times this season for Villa, providing an assist in their recent victory over Liverpool. His performances have not gone unnoticed however, with Chelsea reportedly monitoring his progress with a view to a possible transfer. Speculation surrounding Grealish's future intensified after it was revealed that Chelsea's scouts had been present during his recent game against Queens Park Rangers. Nevertheless, Lambert is keen to keep Grealish at Villa Park, saying, "He's a young player who is developing all the time. We don't want to sell our best players, we want to keep them here and help them reach their full potential." Another player who could be staying put at the club is England international, Fabian Delph. The 24-year-old midfielder is currently in talks with Villa over a contract extension. Delph has been in impressive form this season, earning plaudits for his performances in the centre of the pitch. Lambert was full of praise for Delph, stating, "Fabian is a fantastic player and an important part of our team. We are hopeful that he will stay with us and continue to grow as a player." The news of Delph's potential contract extension will come as music to the ears of Villa's owner, Randy Lerner. The American businessman has been criticised by some fans in recent seasons for a perceived lack of commitment to the club, but his recent attendance at matches has been welcomed. Lerner has already attended a number of Villa games this season and is expected to be present at even more in the coming months. His renewed interest in the club will be seen as a positive sign by many supporters, who have called for greater investment in the squad to compete with the Premier League's elite. With Grealish's promising form and Delph's potential contract extension, Villa fans will be hoping for a successful season. Lambert's faith in the young players will be key, and if they can continue to make a positive impact, the future could look bright for the Midlands club.