article: By . Valerie Elliott . Banned: Mangos from India are set to disappear from British shelves after an EU ruling . It’s the exotic fruit known for its sweet, perfumed flesh and is adored by top chefs such as Gordon Ramsay. But mangos imported from India are set to disappear from our shelves amid fears that shipments contain a pest that could destroy British tomato and cucumber crops. The news has infuriated Asian shopkeepers and restaurant owners, who stand to lose thousands of pounds due to a European-wide ban on the fruit that begins on Thursday. About 16million mangos from India are imported by the UK in a market worth nearly £6million a year. The EU move – backed by the Department for the Environment, Food and Rural Affairs – could not come at a worse time. The peak season is about to begin for the more expensive alphonso variety, known as the king of mangoes and used in puddings and the popular smoothie mango lassi. The ban has been introduced because some mango shipments have contained tobacco whitefly, which could affect Britain’s £320 million-a-year salad industry. Monica Bhandari, of importers Fruity Fresh (Western) Ltd, based in West London, said her firm would lose out significantly and added: ‘It’s madness. Mangos will be burned in India because there will be no market for them.’ Jay Rayarel, manager at ATC Retail in Leicester, which sells 36,000 alphonso mangos a week when they are in season, said his firm would lose business worth £200,000, adding: ‘The ban will be devastating.’ Expensive: The Alphonso variety of the fruit - known as the king of mangos - will be among those banned . Environment Minister Lord de Mauley said he was working closely with his Indian and EU counterparts to resolve the issue. In a recipe for chocolate mousse with chilli and mango, Gordon Ramsay says: ‘If you can get a sweet, perfumed alphonso mango in season so much the better.’ The EU ban is also set to hit supplies of Indian aubergines, gourds and patra leaves.
highlights: Indian mango market is worth almost £6million to the UK economy . But European-wide ban on the fruit is due to come into force on Thursday . Tobacco whiteflies in some shipments have prompted disease fears . The pests could have a devastate British tomato and cucumber crops . News has infuriated business owners, who stand to lose thousands .
id: 898dee75e0ccd84a61e220564a60c1e0acb8636e
chatgpt: The Indian mango market in the UK is worth almost £6 million to the economy, according to recent reports. However, a European-wide ban on the fruit is set to come into force on Thursday. The decision to ban the import of Indian mangoes has been taken after tobacco whiteflies were discovered in some shipments, leading to fears about crop devastation in the UK. Whiteflies are known to be carriers of plant viruses, which could destroy British tomato and cucumber crops. The news of the impending ban has infuriated business owners, who stand to lose thousands of pounds. The Indian mango is a popular fruit in the UK, and is enjoyed by many people of Indian and Pakistani descent, as well as aficionados of exotic fruits. The closure of the Indian mango market is also seen as a blow to UK-India trade relations. The UK is one of India’s largest trading partners, and Indian companies are among the biggest investors in the UK economy. The Indian government has expressed disappointment at the decision, and has vowed to work with the UK government to find a solution to the issue. The UK government, meanwhile, has stated that the ban is necessary to protect British crops. The UK has already banned other crops, including potatoes and beans, from countries where diseases and pests are known to be present. However, this is the first time that a complete ban has been imposed on a fruit. Many business owners are now calling on the government to provide compensation for the losses they will incur as a result of the ban. They argue that they were not given enough warning about the ban, and that their businesses will suffer as a result. The ban is set to come into force on Thursday, and is expected to last for at least six months. It remains to be seen whether the ban will be extended or lifted, depending on the success of efforts to control the whitefly population.