article: With his big, black eyes, forlorn expression and ginger fur, this adorable ginger cat bears an uncanny resemblance to the famous on-screen feline from the Shrek films. And just like Puss in Boots - who is known for his ability to mesmerize characters with his wide-eyed gaze - Marty the cat knows how to get his own way by pulling the meek kitty cat expression. Owner Colleen Pettit, 27, snapped the hilarious photograph when Marty realized he was unable to sit in his favorite spot on the sofa - Colleen's lap. Scroll down for video . With his big, black eyes, forlorn expression and ginger fur, Marty the ginger cat bears an uncanny resemblance to the famous on-screen feline from the Shrek films . Puss in Boots was known for his ability to mesmerize characters in Shrek 2 with his wide-eyed meek gaze . In a desperate effort to get some cuddles, Marty is seen staring intently at his owner until she finally caves and puts her work to one side. Colleen, who lives in San Francisco, said: 'Marty is very possessive of me. 'At the time of the photo, I was sitting on the couch with my computer on my lap, which is strictly his spot. 'I think the combination of my lap being occupied and my typing made him a little upset. 'I looked down and thought he looked so funny that I called for my partner, Cliff, to come and take a photo of him. Marty (right) is seen staring intently at his owner until she finally caves and puts her work to one side. Puss in Boots, voiced by Antonio Banderas in Shrek, was known to switch from a bold fighter (left) into a meek pussycat who softened his enemies with his cute expression . 'The first thing I thought of when I looked at him was how much he looks like Puss in Boots from the Shrek movies. Puss in Boots, voiced by Antonio Banderas in Shrek, was known to switch from a bold fighter  into a meek pussycat who softened his enemies with his cute expression. Colleen added: 'Marty demands for you to lie or sit a specific way and if you don't pet him enough, he will serve you a nice little 'love bite'. 'He is certainly a complex feline, he is very open with his feelings and lets us know if he hungry, playful, or in need of attention. 'It works every single time, you'd have to have a heart of stone not to give into a face like that.' Marty the cat and his owners partner Cliff. Colleen Pettit, 27, says her pet cat is 'very open with his feelings and lets us know if he hungry, playful, or in need of attention'
highlights: Marty pulls meek expression to get his own way with owner Colleen Pettit . Colleen, 27,  noticed how similar the ginger cat looks to the fictional Puss . Puss in Boots is known for mesmerizing characters with wide-eyed gaze .
id: 1113d1dc3101f7734f5f2b3b83ee77114a36a11c
chatgpt: In a heartwarming story that has captured the attention of cat lovers around the world, a clever feline by the name of Marty has managed to get his own way with his owner using nothing more than a meek expression and a set of wide, mesmerizing eyes. According to his owner, Colleen Pettit, 27, Marty has always been a cat with a difference. With his distinctive ginger fur and playful personality, he has long been a favorite of everyone who meets him. But it was only recently that Colleen started to notice just how much Marty resembles a certain famous feline from the world of fiction. "I've always loved the character of Puss in Boots from the Shrek movies," says Colleen. "There's just something so captivating about the way he looks at people, with those big, innocent eyes. And when I looked at Marty, I couldn't help but see the resemblance." It was this realization that led Colleen to start testing out a theory: that by pulling a "meek expression" and gazing up at her with those same mesmerizing eyes, Marty could get almost anything he wanted. At first, Colleen was skeptical. But soon enough, she started to notice a pattern emerging. "It was really quite amazing," she says. "Every time he wanted something, whether it was a treat or a cuddle, he would tilt his head to the side and give me this innocent, helpless look. And I just couldn't say no to him." As Colleen soon discovered, Marty wasn't just using his looks to get his own way with her. He was also using his natural charm and intelligence to win the hearts of everyone he met. Whether it was a visitor to the house or a stranger on the street, Marty had a way of making them feel special, with a quick purr or a gentle nudge. "It's almost like he's a natural performer," says Colleen. "He just has this incredible energy and enthusiasm that draws people to him. And of course, there's his stunning good looks. He really is a beautiful cat." Now, Marty has become something of a celebrity in his own right, with fans all over the world sharing photos and stories of his exploits online. And while he may never be quite as famous as his fictional doppelganger, Puss in Boots, there's no denying that he has a special place in the hearts of anyone who has ever met him. As for Colleen, she's just happy to have such a wonderful companion by her side. "Marty has brought so much joy into my life," she says. "I'm grateful for every moment we get to spend together, and I'm constantly amazed by the way he manages to charm everyone he meets. He really is one in a million."