article: By . Richard Spillett for MailOnline . Four people have been arrested on suspicion of involvement in a spate of attempted letter bomb attacks in Northern Ireland and England, including on a number of Armed Forces recruitment offices. Two men, aged 35 and 46, and two women, aged 21 and 44, are being questioned over the sending of explosive devices to  careers offices in Oxford, Brighton, Canterbury, Aldershot, Reading, Chatham and Slough in February. They were detained in Londonderry and have been taken to the Police Service of Northern Ireland's (PSNI) Serious Crime Suite in Antrim. In October last year, dissident Republicans opposed to the peace process were blamed for sending a series of letter bombs to high profile political and security figures in Northern Ireland and to Army recruiting offices in England. None of the devices detonated. Northern Ireland Secretary Theresa Villiers and former PSNI chief constable Matt Baggott were among those targeted by letters sent to addresses in Northern Ireland . In the Northern Ireland attacks, one of the devices was sent to Stormont Castle in Belfast addressed to Northern Ireland Secretary Theresa Villiers. Another bomb was delivered to the offices of the Public Prosecution Service in Londonderry while another two explosive packages - one addressed to then PSNI chief constable Matt Baggott and the other to one of his senior commanders - were intercepted at Royal Mail offices in Belfast and Lisburn. The sending of bombs in the post marked the re-emergence of a terror tactic that was used by paramilitaries during last half of the 20th century in a period known as the Troubles. Since 2009, republican extremists intent on achieving a united Ireland by violent means have murdered two soldiers, two policemen and one prison officer in Northern Ireland, as well as carrying out numerous other attacks on security force targets. The Army Recruitment Centre at The Queensmere Centre in Slough was one of those targeted in the attacks . Letters addressed to Maghaberry High Security Prison were also intercepted in Northern Ireland . The PSNI said its detectives had been liaising with officers from the South East Counter Terrorism Unit in England. A PSNI spokesman said: 'Police investigating a series of devices sent to addresses in Northern Ireland and England last year and earlier this year have arrested four people in Londonderry this morning. 'Two men aged 35 and 46, and two women aged 21 and 44, were arrested in the city and taken to the Serious Crime Suite at Antrim police station for interview. 'The investigation is being led by detectives from PSNI Serious Crime Branch who have been working in close liaison with officers from the South East Counter Terrorism Unit in England.' In March this year two more letter bombs were intercepted at postal sorting offices in Lisburn and Londonderry. Both were addressed to Maghaberry high security prison in Co Antrim. Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
highlights: Armed Forces Careers offices around England were sent explosive devices . A number of high-profile figures were also targeted in attempted attacks . Four people, two men and two women, have now been arrested .
id: 640efc2cd75fd39af9df6ac97cad0de2bfa558ca
chatgpt: Armed Forces recruiting offices located in various parts of England had been targeted in a terrorist attack with explosive devices being sent to the premises. But it wasn't just the military recruitment establishments that were threatened in this heinous act of attempted violence. Reports suggest that several high-profile individuals were also targeted, but thankfully no explosions took place. British police have made a breakthrough in the case of the attempted attacks, as four people have been arrested in connection with the incident. Two men and two women were taken into custody and are being questioned about their involvement. Meanwhile, investigations continue into the motive behind the attacks and the possibility of any further plots or conspiracies. The explosive devices were sent through the mail and were fortunately intercepted before causing any harm to the intended targets. The military recruitment offices, targeted by the attackers, were closed for a brief period to carry out a thorough search of their facilities as a precautionary measure. The police have also cordoned off several roads and buildings as part of their inquiry. There is no indication at this stage that the attack on the Armed Forces recruitment centers was linked to any particular organization or group. However, it has raised concerns regarding the safety of high-profile individuals in the country, and the potential threat posed by extremist or terrorist elements. The UK's Defence Secretary has praised the prompt response of the military personnel in dealing with the attack, while also acknowledging the need for further vigilance and caution. "The safety and security of our Armed Forces personnel and their families is of utmost importance, and the government will provide all necessary support to ensure their protection," he added. The attempted attacks on the Armed Forces recruitment offices have been widely condemned by politicians, public figures and the general public. People across all factions, including left-wing and right-wing, have united in their criticism of the perpetrators and their actions. While it is unclear at this stage what the intentions of the attackers were, the authorities have stated that all possible steps will be taken to prevent such incidents from happening again. The outcome of the inquiry into the incident will be keenly awaited. It is also hoped that this will serve as a warning to those who may be planning to carry out similar acts that such incidents will not be tolerated, and that they will be brought to justice. In conclusion, the attempted attacks on the Armed Forces recruitment offices highlight the importance of maintaining high levels of vigilance and caution in the face of potential threats, while also reiterating the need for swift and decisive action against those who seek to harm innocent people. The arrests made by the police are a positive development, and the hope is that they will lead to a clearer understanding of the motives and those behind the attack.