article: Neighbours surrounding Mark Zuckerberg's $10million home in San Francisco say construction work is causing constant disruptions, taking up parking spaces and causing huge amounts of noise. The six-bedroom luxury house in Dolores Park is one of four properties the billionaire Facebook founder has reportedly bought in the area near his Silicon Valley office. Building work on the 1920s property the 30-year-old purchased with his wife Priscilla Chan has been going on for nearly 17 months - sparking a series of complaints from nearby residents. Scroll down for video . Construction work on Mark Zuckerberg's $10million, six-bedroom home in Delores Heights, San Francisco has been going on for 17 months - prompting fury from residents . According to work permits, Zuckerberg is having an office, media room, half bathroom, wine room, mud room, laundry room and wet bar added to the luxury home. Neighbours, who did not want to be named, told CBS San Francisco, that there was constant noise and traffic around the house. They described being woken up by around 50 construction workers using jackhammers first thing on a Saturday morning. They also claimed that he had hired people to sit in parked cars overnight so they could reserve the spaces. These did not include the four or five spaces that had been set aside for construction. Trafton Bean, who approached those who had been waiting in the cars, said that the scheme was't 'exactly kosher' He told the station: 'It's ear-splitting construction. Just lots of cutting into concrete.' The CEO's personal fortune soared a staggering $3.8 billion in July. According to the Bloomberg Billionaire's Index, it made him the 4nd richest man in the world with a net worth of $16.8 billion . When Facebook floated on the Nasdaq in May last year it was one of the largest initial public offerings in history, netting co-creator Zuckerberg more than a billion dollars. The extensive work includes the addition of an office, media room, half bathroom, wine room, mud room, laundry room and wet bar - which is said to be costing more than $2million . Residents in the area have claimed that Zuckerberg is hiring people to sit in parked cars and reserve spots over night - even though he already has four or five designated for construction lorries . People living nearby have also claimed they are being constantly woken up early in the morning by construction workers using tools such as jackhammers . The Facebook CEO - who is worth $16.8billion - is said to have bought the house with his now-wife Priscilla Chan and will share it when the work is finished .
highlights: Work on billionaire's home in Delores Heights  has lasted more than a year . Is spending $2million on renovations - including addition of a mud room . Residents say there is constant noise and no room to park their cars . Some claim people are being hire to wait in cars and reserve spaces . Last estimates showed the 30-year-old is worth $16.8billion .
id: 1115a5ac352544254d127ae76e08803ccf18837a
chatgpt: Residents in Delores Heights are voicing their frustrations over the ongoing renovations being carried out on the home of a billionaire resident. The work, which has now exceeded a year, reportedly costs $2 million, and includes the addition of a new mudroom to the property.  While the homeowner remains anonymous, reports have shown that the individual is believed to be worth in excess of $16.8 billion, sparking outrage amongst residents who are voicing their concerns about the disruptive impact that the renovations are having on the area.  According to local reports, residents have been complaining about constant noise levels associated with the construction work. The ongoing noise and the inability to find suitable parking spaces have also led to a surge in tensions between residents and the construction workers. Some residents have alleged that the billionaire has hired people to wait in cars to reserve parking spaces within the vicinity of the property. This claim has yet to be substantiated but has fueled the resentment felt by those affected by the renovations. The local council has so far remained silent over the concerns raised by Delores Heights residents. However, a spokesperson for the council confirmed that they had received numerous complaints from the area and had been investigating the matter. "The council has received several complaints from residents about ongoing work being carried out at the property. We are aware of the concerns of the residents and our officers have been working around the clock to ensure that the matter is resolved speedily and efficiently," the spokesperson said. It’s not the first time tensions have been sparked between affluent residents and those within close proximity. Residents have taken to social media platforms, with some expressing their disappointment that yet another wealthy individual is seemingly causing such a disturbance to the community.  Nevertheless, the homeowner is within their legal rights to make modifications to their property. However, questions have arisen about the unique problem of affluence, where the lifestyles of the rich and famous impact those in the immediate vicinity. In the meantime, the noise from bulldozers and heavy machinery continues to reverberate around the neighbourhood, leading to calls from residents for the council to take firmer action. As the construction work enters into its second year, the once-quiet neighbourhood of Delores Heights continues to be plagued with noise pollution and parking issues, bringing into question the balance between individual entitlement and community welfare. The debate about affluence and impact continues to grow as residents await action from their elected representatives.