article: New York (CNN) -- At least 14 passengers died early Saturday after the driver of their tour bus lost control of the vehicle and struck a pole on Interstate 95 in the Bronx, New York police said. The accident occurred about 5:30 a.m. at the Bronx-Westchester County line, and forced the closing of I-95 in both directions until late Saturday, police said. Along with those who were killed, eight of the 31 passengers suffered severe injuries and were transported to area hospitals with the remaining survivors. The bus driver, Ophadel E. Williams, 40, of Brooklyn was also taken to an area hospital with "non-life-threatening injuries," police said. Police have not determined the cause of the accident, which is now the subject of a criminal investigation, according to New York State Police Troop Commander, Major Michael Kopy. Williams said he was cut off by a truck driver which caused his bus to swerve into a guardrail, flip on its side and smash into a pole that cut through two-thirds of the vehicle. Kopy said police have recovered a tractor-trailer that was traveling through the area at the time and interviewed the vehicle's driver. However, Kopy said it has not been determined whether the vehicle was involved in the accident. Kopy also said that police had received reports that the bus was traveling "at a high rate of speed." Investigators are examining Williams' background and testing his blood for the presence of alcohol, Kopy said. Kopy also said a video camera had been recovered from the bus, but that investigators had not yet viewed it. At least seven passengers had to be extracted by removing seats and cutting a hole in the remaining roof. Most of the passengers were thrust to the forward third of the bus as it split open, suffering injuries mainly from the chest up, Fire Chief Edward Kilduff said. At least five people being treated at New York's St. Barnabas Hospital suffered skull and spinal fractures, internal bleeding and broken bones, Dr. Ernest Patti told reporters. "Our -- and the entire city's -- prayers, thoughts and sympathies are with the victims, and their families and loved ones," Mayor Michael Bloomberg said in a written statement Saturday. "Many of the victims are Chinese, and we have brought in translators to help assist the families." The National Transportation Safety Board said it has deployed a 16-member team to investigate the crash, as the bus was traveling south on the New England Thruway near the border of Westchester and the Bronx -- one of New York City's five boroughs. It had departed from the Mohegan Sun Resort and Casino in Uncasville, Connecticut. CNN's Susan Candiotti and Monika Plocienniczak contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: Police are interviewing driver of another vehicle that was traveling near the area . 7 passengers were extracted by removing seats and cutting a hole cut in the roof . The tour bus was on the New England Thruway in New York City . Eight people suffered severe injuries, police say .
id: 4b7c7fc8032c9e6f939b180a78ea99bb44ff99cb
chatgpt: A tour bus was severely damaged on the New England Thruway while traveling through New York City. Eight passengers were left with severe injuries as a result of the incident. Reports indicate that the tour bus was transporting a group of passengers when it collided with another vehicle on the highway. Police are currently interviewing the driver of the other vehicle to determine what caused the accident. Emergency services arrived at the scene of the crash and worked to extract the passengers from the bus. Seven individuals had to be removed from the vehicle by cutting a hole in the roof and removing seats to create enough space. All of the injured individuals were taken to nearby hospitals for treatment. According to police, the bus was traveling at a high speed when it collided with the other vehicle. Authorities are investigating whether the driver of the bus was distracted, under the influence of drugs or alcohol, or any other factor that could have caused the accident. Eyewitnesses at the scene described the incident as terrifying. One witness said, "I heard a loud bang and looked over to see the bus swerve and flip over. It was like something out of a movie." The crash caused significant traffic delays on the New England Thruway, as law enforcement worked to clear the scene and investigate the accident. Authorities urge all drivers to exercise caution and obey traffic laws to prevent similar incidents from occurring in the future. Incidents like this serve as a reminder of the importance of proper vehicle maintenance and responsible driving. It is crucial for drivers to ensure their vehicles are regularly serviced and that they are practicing safe driving habits at all times. Overall, the incident was a terrifying ordeal for the passengers involved, as well as their families and loved ones. While the investigation remains ongoing, officials hope that it will provide insight into what went wrong and prevent future accidents from occurring.