article: Hong Kong (CNN) -- Chinese Super League club Shanghai Shenhua have pulled off an audacious transfer coup by signing former France international Nicolas Anelka from English team Chelsea. Images of the striker were splashed across the Shanghai team's official website Monday, together with a statement saying the 32-year-old would be joining the club in January on a two-year contract. The move was later confirmed by Chelsea, who signed Anelka for Â£15 million in 2008 but accepted his transfer request with his current deal to expire at the end of this season. "This is not only good for Shenhua but also beneficial for Chinese football," club spokesperson Ma Yue told CNN. "The joining of Anelka to Football Association Super League will promote the League's brand for sure." No details were given about how much the contract was worth, but a club official denied reports that Anelka's weekly salary would be as high as Â£200,000 ($312,000). Anelka has rarely featured for Chelsea this season under new manager Andre Villas-Boas, and was almost certain to leave Stamford Bridge during European football's January transfer window after asking to leave. The Versailles-born player, who became a Muslim in 2004, has scored 59 goals in 184 games for the club. Having played for some of Europe's top teams, including Spain's Real Madrid and England's Arsenal and Liverpool, Anelka's transfers have so far totaled almost $133 million, making him one of the world's most expensive players in those terms. However, his questionable attitude during his early career led to him being nicknamed "Le Sulk" at Arsenal and being banned for 45 days at Real after refusing to train. In 2008, Anelka moved to Chelsea in a Â£15 million deal from Bolton, where he resurrected his career after a short spell in Turkey with Fenerbahce. He helped the London club win the domestic championship in 2009-10. Anelka's international career came to a controversial halt during the 2010 World Cup in South Africa, when he was sent home in disgrace after clashing with coach Raymond Domenech. He was given an 18-match ban after refusing to apologize, but said he had already decided to retire from the national team. Reports have also linked Shenhua with another veteran Chelsea striker, Didier Drogba -- a target of Chinese rivals Dalian Aerbin. Meanwhile, Shenhua owner Zhu Jun said last week that former France international Jean Tigana will become the club's new coach, according to the Shanghai Daily website. "Tigana should be in the city by the middle of this month. He had already made a one-year coaching plan for the team," Zhu said. Shenhua finished 11th in the 16-team Chinese Super League this year, having been runners-up in 2005, 2006 and 2008. CNN's Haolan Hong contributed to this report.
highlights: English Premier League side Chelsea confirm Nicolas Anelka will move to China . Shanghai Shenhua earlier claimed to have signed Frenchman on a two-year deal . Images of the 32-year-old were splashed across the Shanghai team's official website . The striker has rarely featured for Chelsea this season under manager Andre Villas-Boas .
id: 03d07c53ccb9457f3a27b93a8fa942d0ca90d996
chatgpt: London - English Premier League giants Chelsea have confirmed the departure of French forward Nicolas Anelka to China. The 32-year-old has signed a lucrative two-year deal with Shanghai Shenhua, a team in the Chinese Super League. The announcement came shortly after the Chinese club claimed that they had signed the striker. Images of Anelka in a Shanghai Shenhua kit were also displayed on the team's official website. The move is believed to be worth around £175,000 a week for the former French international, who had been out of favour in the Chelsea side this season. Anelka, who has enjoyed a successful career with top clubs such as Arsenal, Real Madrid, Manchester City, Liverpool, Fenerbahce and Chelsea, made it clear that he was looking for bigger paydays when he commented that "I want to continue playing at the highest level and make a big transfer that will help secure my financial future." Chelsea, under the guidance of Portuguese manager Andre Villas-Boas, have struggled to find a starting berth for the experienced striker this season. After struggling with injury, he has featured sporadically for the club since then. Despite his lack of first team action, Anelka has contributed greatly to the success of Chelsea in recent seasons, winning two Premier League titles with the club. He also played a key role in their victorious FA Cup campaign last season. Shanghai Shenhua has been working tirelessly behind the scenes to secure Anelka's services for some time, and this bold move is set to make him one of the highest-paid footballers in the world. The Chinese club is owned by Zhu Jun, a local businessman and owner of the online gaming company The9. Anelka is not the only big name to make the switch to China in recent months. Former Barcelona and Tottenham Hotspur star Giovanni Dos Santos has also joined Shanghai Shenhua, while former Chelsea team mate Didier Drogba is expected to make an announcement about his future destination soon. The move to China represents a huge opportunity for Anelka to showcase his skills to a whole new audience, while discovering a different culture and style of football. The Chinese Super League has experienced a significant growth in recent years, attracting some top names from across the globe including former Manchester City striker Mario Balotelli. Despite the loss of Anelka, Chelsea will be hoping to continue their fine start to the season, as they bid to reclaim the Premier League title from reigning champions Manchester United.