article: Cairo, Egypt (CNN) -- Egypt's top political parties have agreed to nominate a member of the Muslim Brotherhood as the nation's next parliament speaker, the first time in decades that an Islamist would hold that post. The Brotherhood's Freedom and Justice Party won more than 40% of the seats in recent elections and is expected to lead the country's first parliament chosen since the ouster of former President Hosni Mubarak. The FJP-led alliance nominated its secretary-general, Mohamed al-Katatni, as parliament speaker. Al-Katatni, described as a moderate on the Brotherhood's website, was detained by Mubarak's state security forces together with FJP leaders Essam El-Erian and Mohamed Morsi, the chairman of the FJP. The parliament, which will be seated later this month, must appoint a 100-member panel to write a new Egyptian constitution. Presidential elections are set for June. Liberals fear that electoral gains for Islamists will steer Egypt down a rigid path away from democracy. Morsi tried to reassure Egyptians that the new constitution "will be drafted without exemption of any stakeholders or exclusion of any parties, forces or currents." "We continue the march of the peaceful revolution, the Egyptian revolution of January 25, which has achieved some of its objectives and as yet continues to achieve remaining ones," he said. "There is no doubt that the parliamentary election results were expressive of all Egyptians and their free will, the new parliament, too." The agreement, signed Monday by six leading political parties, also allows the hardline Al Nour party and the liberal Al Wafd party to nominate two deputy speakers. But Al Wafd was not present at the meeting and did not sign the agreement. "We were not informed of about the meeting and will announce our decision after our board meeting on Thursday," Bahaa Abu Shaka, Al Wafd's deputy chief, told CNN. The new parliament convenes a year after popular revolts erupted, eventually leading to Mubarak's downfall. The longtime dictator is on trial on charges of corruption and ordering the deaths of hundreds of protesters. The Supreme Council of the Armed Forces has led Egypt's government since Mubarak's fall. It has said it will hand over power to a new government once one is in place. But the transition has not been quick or transparent enough for some Egyptians. A series of protests in Cairo last month resulted in violent and sometimes deadly clashes between demonstrators and soldiers. Gen. Mohamed Hussein Tantawi, who heads the Supreme Council, is expected to address the new parliament, according to the Morals Affairs Military Department.
highlights: The Muslim Brotherhood's political arm won more than 40% of parliamentary seats . The man nominated as speaker is described as moderate . The new parliament convenes a year after the Egyptian protests began . Some liberals fear a more restrictive state with Islamists in power .
id: 718f83cf038270ea7e5f0c3251c2c671374163cf
chatgpt: The Muslim Brotherhood's political arm, the Freedom and Justice Party, won over 40% of the parliamentary seats in Egypt's recent elections. The new parliament opened its doors for the first time in over two years, a year after the Egyptian protests began. While this marks a significant milestone in post-revolution Egypt, some liberal groups fear that an Islamist-led government may lead to a more restrictive state. The much-anticipated opening session of the new parliament took place on January 23. The speaker of the parliament, Saad El-Katatni, a member of the Freedom and Justice Party, was nominated as a moderate leader. The moderate stance of El-Katatni has been welcomed by many Egyptians who hope for a more inclusive government. The speaker was chosen based on his experience and his ability to reach a consensus among political parties. The new parliament is expected to address the many challenges that are currently facing Egypt. These include the ongoing economic crisis, high unemployment rates, and security concerns. It is also expected to draft a new constitution for the country and create a framework for the next presidential elections. Despite the hopes and expectations of many Egyptians, a number of liberal groups are concerned about the growing influence of Islamist groups in the parliament. They fear that the dominance of the Muslim Brotherhood in the political arena will lead to the adoption of policies that restrict the rights and freedoms of minority groups. The Muslim Brotherhood denies such claims and affirms that they will protect the rights of all Egyptians. There are also concerns about the relationship between the military and the new government. Following the fall of former president Hosni Mubarak in 2011, the military took control of the country for a period of time. Some fear that the military may still hold considerable power and may interfere in the workings of the parliament. Despite these concerns, the new parliament has been widely hailed as a positive step towards democracy in Egypt. The elections were largely peaceful and transparent, and the inclusion of a wide range of political parties signals a shift away from the previous era of one-party rule. The opening of the parliament also marks a symbolic turning point, reaffirming the role of the people as the ultimate source of power in the country. In conclusion, the opening session of the new Egyptian parliament marks a significant step towards democracy and a more inclusive government. While concerns about the influence of Islamist groups and the role of the military remain, the election process was largely transparent and peaceful. Egyptians hope that the new government will address pressing issues such as the economy and security, and that the parliament will draft a new constitution that protects the rights and freedoms of all Egyptians.