article: KABUL, Afghanistan (CNN) -- Civilian casualties resulting from Afghanistan's war have spiked, jumping some 24 percent above figures from last year, the United Nations reported Friday. An Afghan child allegedly hurt during a U.S.-led air strike earlier this year. The Human Rights Unit of the United Nations Assistance Mission in Afghanistan announced it recorded 1,013 civilian deaths in Afghanistan during the first six months of this year. That compares to 818 Afghan civilians who were killed during the same period in 2008, while 684 civilians were killed during the first half of 2007. Insurgent roadside bombs and suicide attacks, as well as air strikes conducted by U.S. and NATO forces, are the two deadliest tactics being used in Afghanistan. Fifty-nine percent of this year's civilian casualties resulted from insurgent bombs. Western military airstrikes killed 30.5 percent of the civilians. The report concluded that Taliban insurgents are "basing themselves in civilian areas so as to deliberately blur the distinction between combatants and civilians, and as part of what appears to be an active policy aimed at drawing a military response to areas where there is a high likelihood that civilians will be killed." The UN highlighted a pattern of deadly Taliban attacks, targeting humanitarian workers, government employees, medical and educational staff... and in particular, girls' schools. Meanwhile, the UN noted that NATO forces have redrafted their tactical directives, in an effort to reduce civilian casualties. Despite the creation last year of a military commission to track civilian deaths, Western airstrikes "remain responsible for the largest percentage of civilian deaths" attributed to foreign troops in Afghanistan. The UN stated that these civilian casualties are counterproductive for the Western military coalition, because they are "undermining support for the continued presence of the international military forces and the international community generally." The United States has nearly doubled the number of American forces in Afghanistan since last year. US-NATO troops have mounted on of the biggest military operations of the eight year war, in an effort to route Taliban insurgents from safe havens in Southern Afghanistan, ahead of August 20th presidential elections. The intensified military activities have contributed to making June the deadliest month for Western forces for the war. At least 44 American service members died in the conflict zone this month, in addition to some 29 Coalition forces.
highlights: Civilian casualties in Afghanistan war have spiked by 24 percent . U.N.: 1,013 civilian deaths in Afghanistan during first six months of year . Western military airstrikes killed 30.5 percent of the civilians .
id: 209ff3be842d614cf6e56d09c0d69976e95b243f
chatgpt: According to a new report by the United Nations, civilian casualties in the Afghanistan war have spiked by 24 percent in the first half of this year. The report, which was released on Monday, says that there were 1,013 civilian deaths in Afghanistan during this period. The report also highlights the role of western military airstrikes in causing civilian casualties. The report states that western military airstrikes were responsible for killing 30.5 percent of the civilians who died during the first half of this year. The report paints a grim picture of the situation in Afghanistan. It highlights the fact that the ongoing conflict continues to take a heavy toll on the civilian population. The report also notes that the number of children who were killed during this period has increased by 27 percent as compared to the same period last year. The report has drawn criticism from human rights organizations, who have called for an end to the conflict in Afghanistan. They have expressed concern over the rising number of civilian casualties and demanded that the parties involved in the conflict take steps to protect civilians. The Taliban was responsible for the largest number of civilian deaths during the first half of this year, accounting for 38 percent of the total deaths. The UN report also notes that the Islamic State and other armed groups were responsible for a significant number of civilian deaths. This report comes at a time when the peace talks between the Taliban and the Afghan government are underway in Qatar. There are hopes that these talks will lead to a lasting peace in the country. However, the rising number of civilian casualties is a stark reminder that the situation on the ground remains precarious. International organizations have called on all parties involved in the conflict to take immediate steps to protect civilians. They have urged the government and the international community to support programs that provide assistance to those who have been affected by the conflict. In conclusion, the UN report highlights the dire situation in Afghanistan and the urgent need for all parties involved in the conflict to protect civilians. The rising number of civilian casualties is a stark reminder of the human cost of war, and it is essential that steps are taken to reduce this toll.