article: By . Chris Hastings . PUBLISHED: . 18:40 EST, 7 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 18:40 EST, 7 December 2013 . England football supremo Greg Dyke may have feared the worst when he made his now notorious cut-throat gesture after the World Cup draw. But the nation’s fans were celebrating last night when it was announced that the team’s first game had been rescheduled – meaning they won’t have to stay up all night to watch England’s  opening fixture of Brazil 2014  on television. The match against Italy has been moved forward by three hours to 11pm on Saturday, June 14 in Britain – after football’s global authority FIFA caved in to television demands by broadcasters in Europe. England's first game against Italy at the Arena Amazonia in Manaus (pictured) has been put back three hours after FIFA caved in to television demands by broadcasters . The earlier kick-off means conditions at the stadium will be even more oppressive . Originally, England fans had faced the . daunting prospect of having to watch the match starting at 2am on the . Sunday. However, the earlier kick-off of 6pm local time will not be . welcomed by the England team – led by captain Steven Gerrard. It means the conditions will be even more oppressive in the hot and humid Amazonian jungle city of Manaus. Humidity is predicted to reach 80 per cent and temperatures to rise as high as 86F. Meanwhile, FA chairman Dyke has told friends he regrets making his throat-slitting gesture. It . was seen by millions of television viewers around the world and was . interpreted as a lack of faith in England’s ability  to beat Uruguay and . Italy and progress from the group stage. Friends of FA chairman Greg Dyke said he regrets making a throat-slitting gesture after the draw was made . One friend of Dyke, who asked . not to be named, said: ‘Greg is adamant that it wasn’t a serious gesture . – that it was simply a bit of fun. But he regrets it because it has . been taken out of context. ‘The . fact is Greg’s reaction would have been shared by many people watching . at home. People are always saying they want the people in suits to act . like real people but when they do, they go nuts. You just can’t win.’ England were drawn in Group D with the Italians, the Uruguayans and Costa Rica. They . will face the Italians at the Arena Amazonia in Manaus – one of several . venues across Brazil where construction has yet to be completed. England . manager Roy Hodgson had said before the draw that he had hoped to avoid . the city of Manaus – which is known for its hot and humid climate.
highlights: FIFA caved in to television demands by broadcasters in Europe . Earlier kick-off means more humid conditions in city of Manaus . FA chairman Dyke told friends he regrets making throat-slitting gesture .
id: 8096e9d1342d6c1d7891066fe547cae9072e6dda
chatgpt: In a controversial move, FIFA has bowed down to the demands of television broadcasters in Europe on the scheduling of World Cup matches. The move has led to concerns about the physical demands on players and the potential impact on their performances. The decision to kick off matches earlier in the Amazonian city of Manaus has created much debate, as players will now have to cope with more humid conditions. According to reports, European broadcasters lobbied FIFA to adjust the schedule in order to accommodate their audiences. As a result, matches are now scheduled to start at 1 p.m. local time, which was previously considered too risky because of the oppressive humidity. The city of Manaus, located in the heart of the Amazon rainforest, is one of the most challenging venues for players during the World Cup. With temperatures soaring to the mid-90s and humidity levels hovering around 80 percent, the conditions are sure to take a toll on the players' stamina and levels of endurance. The earlier kick-off time will only exacerbate the problem, putting even more pressure on the players. Meanwhile, in a separate incident, the chairman of the English Football Association (FA), Greg Dyke, has sparked controversy by making a throat-slitting gesture during a speech. Dyke reportedly made the gesture while discussing the FA's plans to host the 2022 World Cup in Qatar. The gesture has been widely criticised for its insensitivity and inappropriate nature. The incident, which took place at a recent conference, has led to calls for Dyke to apologise for his actions. Some commentators have suggested that his position at the FA could now be in jeopardy, with senior officials calling for an investigation into the matter. Dyke has told friends that he regrets making the gesture, but has insisted that it was intended as a joke and not meant to cause offence. However, critics argue that the gesture sends out the wrong message and undermines the FA's reputation. In the run-up to the World Cup, there have been a number of controversies surrounding the event. From alleged corruption within FIFA to concerns about workers' rights in Qatar, the tournament has been clouded by controversy. The decision to change the schedule in Manaus, in response to the demands of European broadcasters, is just the latest development in what has been a difficult period for FIFA and the World Cup. As the tournament approaches, all eyes will be on how the players deal with the tough conditions in Manaus, and whether or not Dyke can salvage his reputation in the wake of the throat-slitting gesture. One thing is for certain – the World Cup is never short of drama and controversy.