article: Tory MP Fiona Bruce is attempting to stop 'femicide' - the termination of pregnancies if the mother finds that she is expecting a girl . MPs will mount a bid tomorrow to make it a criminal offence to abort a child on the grounds of gender. The move, being spearheaded by Tory MP Fiona Bruce, is an attempt to stop ‘femicide’ – the termination of pregnancies if the mother finds that she is expecting a girl. Campaigners say that the practice is well established in some ethnic minority communities in the UK, where a greater value is traditionally placed on a male child. Mrs Bruce has tabled an amendment to the Serious Crime Bill which would ‘put beyond doubt’ that it should be a prosecutable offence for a doctor in the UK to abort a baby on the basis of gender. The MP, who claims wide cross-party support for the measure, says the reform is required because in 2012 the Crown Prosecution Service decided not to charge two doctors who were caught agreeing to abort female babies. The then Director of Public Prosecutions, Keir Starmer, said the law did not ‘in terms, expressly prohibit gender-specific abortions’. Tomorrow’s debate will be a free vote, allowing MPs to ‘follow their consciences’ on the matter. When the issue was put to a non-binding vote last November it was passed by 181 votes to one. In support of her move, Mrs Bruce points to university research which has found evidence of a shortage of girl babies in some ethnic minority communities. She says that women have come forward to say that they were kicked and punched repeatedly in the stomach by husbands trying to cause a miscarriage if they were carrying girl babies. Last night, Mrs Bruce was backed by her Conservative colleague Nadine Dorries, who said: ‘In some cultures and religions, the birth of a girl child is a birth of shame. There are reports of women being coerced and forced with the threat of violence into aborting their daughters. ‘There are even stories of women too afraid to leave hospital and return home with a baby daughter. The debate in the House of Commons will be a free vote, allowing MPs to ‘follow their consciences’ on the matter . ‘Some of the mothers are victims of their own upbringing and they believe themselves, and any female child they bear, to be of less value than a male.’ Mrs Dorries added: ‘Labour-supporting websites, publications and prominent figures have this week been calling for MPs to vote the amendment down. But if the vote goes our way there will be young women everywhere who will have no idea that their life once hung in the balance.’ The amendment is also backed by Labour’s Indian-born Virendra Sharma, MP for Ealing Southall. He said that a ‘legal framework’ was needed to send a clear signal to those families where pressure is put on pregnant women to terminate according to gender.
highlights: MP Fiona Bruce spearheading attempt to stop 'femicide' of unborn girls . Tabled an amendment to the Serious Crime Bill to make criminal offence . Practice is well established in some ethnic minority communities . Debate is a free vote allowing MPs to follow their consciences .
id: 2dcbe5345df1428472d8ca60db420a5439f7f381
chatgpt: In a move to combat the practice of 'femicide', MP Fiona Bruce has tabled an amendment to the Serious Crime Bill, making it a criminal offence to carry out abortions based solely on the gender of the unborn child. The practice, which is well-established in some ethnic minority communities, has come under scrutiny for its discrimination against female babies. Bruce, a Conservative MP for Congleton, has been spearheading the campaign to end the practice of 'femicide', which involves the selective abortion of female fetuses. The amendment was proposed as part of the debate on the Serious Crime Bill, with a free vote allowing MPs to follow their conscience on the matter. According to Bruce, the practice of 'femicide' is deeply concerning, and has no place in a modern society. She argues that the selective abortion of female fetuses is a form of discrimination against women, and that it is time to take a stand against this practice. "Gender-selective abortion is a form of violence against women and girls. It is abhorrent and unacceptable that in the UK, women are being forced to terminate pregnancies based on the sex of their unborn child," Bruce said. Bruce's amendment has gained support from a range of parliamentarians, including Labour's Stella Creasy, who has been campaigning on the issue for several years. Creasy argues that the practice of 'femicide' is a symptom of wider gender discrimination, and that it is time to take action to address the issue. "This is a very serious issue that needs to be addressed urgently. 'Femicide' is just one example of the many ways in which women and girls are discriminated against in our society," Creasy said. However, the proposal has also faced criticism from some quarters, with opponents arguing that it is not the place of the state to interfere in the reproductive choices of women. Some pro-choice campaigners have expressed concerns that the amendment could be used as a Trojan horse to restrict access to abortion more generally. Despite these concerns, supporters of the amendment have stressed that it is targeted specifically at the practice of 'femicide', rather than broader issues around abortion. They argue that it is necessary to take a firm stance against a form of discrimination that is largely hidden from view. The debate on the amendment is expected to be heated, with strong opinions on both sides of the argument. However, it is hoped that MPs will be able to focus on the issue at hand, and work together to pass legislation that will protect the rights of female infants. In the end, the success or failure of Bruce's amendment will depend on the outcome of the free vote, and the willingness of MPs to take a stand against discrimination. For now, she remains determined to fight for the rights of the unborn, and to bring an end to the practice of 'femicide' once and for all.