article: Roy Hodgson made a mistake by revealing Raheem Sterling told him he was feeling tired ahead of England’s game against Estonia, according to former England and Liverpool midfielder Danny Murphy. Sterling has come under fire after he was left on the bench for England’s Euro 2016 qualifier in Estonia. The 19-year-old was replaced by Liverpool team-mate Adam Lallana in the staring XI, but he came on in the second half and played his part in England’s winning goal by winning the free kick from which Wayne Rooney scored. Raheem Sterling told England boss Roy Hodgson he was feeling tired ahead of the Estonia game . Sterling spent the first half of the game on the bench before coming on during the second half . But Murphy believes Hodgson would have been better to keep the conversation between him and Sterling to himself. 'I think Roy will regret putting it out there,’ Murphy said on talkSPORT. 'I think he [Hodgson] could have just maybe taken it on the chin and said, ‘I thought I’d give him a little breather', rather than put it on the lad. 'He wouldn’t have intentionally put it on him to create this, but I think Roy could have dealt with it differently. Sterling played his part in England's win as he won the free kick that Wayne Rooney scored from . Danny Murphy won nine caps for England and worked with Hodgson during his time at Fulham . 'I'm very surprised and if Roy could turn back the clock, I don't think he would do it and say it the way he did because he has caused Raheem a problem and he wouldn't want to do that.' And Murphy, who won nine caps for England, does not believe that Sterling deserves to be criticised for admitting he was tired. He added: ‘The way he plays, with that power and that speed, he gives everything and he needs to be on top of his game,” he continued. 'If he is genuinely tired and he was honest for the team, then fair play to him. ‘Let's not make it a great deal. The lad has expressed it, Roy has made the decision not to play him and we have won.'
highlights: Danny Murphy says he believes if Roy Hodgson could turn back the clock and not reveal the conversation with Raheem Sterling then he would . Sterling started the game against Estonia on the bench . England beat Estonia 1-0 in Tallinn with Wayne Rooney scoring the goal .
id: e6b6aff356388f0aa5b4519345c371b500c36250
chatgpt: Former Liverpool and England midfielder Danny Murphy has said that he believes if England manager Roy Hodgson could go back in time and avoid revealing his conversation with Raheem Sterling, he would have. Murphy's comments come after Sterling's absence from the starting line-up in England's game against Estonia on Sunday, which they won 1-0 thanks to a Wayne Rooney goal.  Hodgson was widely criticised for discussing his conversation with Sterling in the media, in which he apparently told the Liverpool forward that he would not be starting the Estonia game. Many argued that Hodgson should have kept the conversation private, and not risked alienating one of his key players. Speaking on BBC Radio 5 Live, Murphy said: "I think Roy Hodgson probably looks back and thinks, 'I wish I hadn't done it like that'. If he could have his time again, he would have probably done it differently." Despite Sterling's absence from the starting line-up, England put in a professional performance to secure the win in Tallinn. Rooney's 72nd minute free-kick proved to be the difference between the two sides on the night. It was a far from vintage display from England, but they will be pleased to have come away with three points, especially as they were without several key players due to injury.  The win keeps England top of their Euro 2016 qualifying group, with seven points from their opening three games. Hodgson's side now have a break from international football until November, when they will take on Slovenia and Scotland in their next qualifying matches. The result will be a boost for Hodgson, who has come under pressure in recent weeks following England's disappointing displays against Norway and Switzerland. The England boss will hope that the win in Tallinn will be the start of a run of positive results for his side, as they look to qualify for next year's European Championships. In conclusion, Danny Murphy's comments suggest that Hodgson should have handled the situation with Sterling differently. However, England's victory over Estonia will have eased some of the pressure on the England boss, who will now be hoping to build on the result in upcoming fixtures.