article: (CNN)Members of New Ways Ministry -- an advocacy group for gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgendered Catholics -- have made three pilgrimages to the Vatican, under three different popes. But only once have they been treated like VIPs. That's the treatment the roughly 50 members of the Maryland-based group got -- much to their surprise -- for Pope Francis' weekly address Wednesday in St. Peter's Square, according to Francis DeBernardo, the group's executive director. "It's really an incredible honor and an incredible step forward for the LGBT community to be recognized," he told CNN from Rome. DeBernardo would still like to see more changes from the Catholic hierarchy and the Pontiff, like shifts in their official positions in support of same-sex marriage and adoption of children by gay and lesbian couples. And even Wednesday, New Ways Ministry was recognized simply as a lay group of Catholics, not one that speaks for the LGBT community. The Vatican didn't grant members' request for a special private audience with Francis, nor did anyone acknowledge their calling out to him that "we are gay and lesbian Catholics," DeBernardo said. Still, the fact that they were recognized at all was a positive for the New Ways Ministry leader. So, too, was their special seating Wednesday -- on the same level as the Pope, something they didn't know about until they got their tickets (which were arranged by Vatican officials) on Tuesday night. This experience was much different for New Ways Ministry, which has been around for 38 years, than its earlier Vatican visits when Benedict XVI and John Paul II were in office. "We were basically ignored by them," DeBernardo said. "So not just to be acknowledged, but to be acknowledged in such an honorable way, is (good)." Not much about the Roman Catholic church's official stances on LGBT issues has changed since Argentinian Bishop Jorge Mario Bergoglio became Pope in March 2013. But there has been a noticeable shift in tone. This became evident a few months after Francis' election, when he was asked during a wide-ranging news conference about his stance on gays and lesbians, including gay priests. "If someone is gay and he searches for the Lord and has good will, who am I to judge?" the Pope said. A few months later, Francis said church officials have the right to express opinions but not to "interfere spiritually" in the lives of gays and lesbians. This reflected his larger push to make the church more welcoming and open, and less focused on sometimes divisive social issues. Speaking about this shift, DeBernardo said Francis "has given people a lot of hope, (though) I don't think he's a pope that's going to make the big changes that we'd like to see." "But," DeBernardo added, "he is a pope who is opening up a discussion."
highlights: A U.S.-based ministry for LGBT Catholics attends Pope Francis' weekly address . They get VIP seating from the Vatican, the group's executive director says . He adds: Pope Francis may not shift policies, but he is "opening up a discussion"
id: 7c71c1ceb77acc811f30f67e857e991e5406628b
chatgpt: A U.S.-based ministry for LGBT Catholics received VIP seating from the Vatican as they attended Pope Francis' weekly address. The executive director of the group, who was present at the event on Wednesday, praised the gesture as a step towards progress between the Vatican and LGBT Catholics. According to the executive director of the ministry, the Catholic Church has not made any policy shifts under Pope Francis. However, the pope's willingness to open up a discussion on LGBT issues represents a significant change in tone from the previous papacies. The director, who is also an openly gay man, said in an interview with the Associated Press that Pope Francis has been more welcoming of the LGBT community than his predecessors. While previous popes have often condemned homosexuality, the current pope has made strides towards acknowledging the humanity and dignity of LGBT Catholics. The director expressed optimism that the Vatican will continue to improve its relationship with the LGBT community in the future. He noted that the Church has gradually become more accepting of homosexuality, citing the inclusion of "respect for homosexual persons" in the Catechism of the Catholic Church. In his weekly address, Pope Francis spoke about the importance of hospitality and purity of heart. While he did not address LGBT issues directly, the director took the pope's message to heart, saying that it was a message of inclusion for all people, regardless of their sexuality or gender identity. The ministry's visit to the Vatican comes at a time of heightened political and social tension for LGBT Catholics. The Trump administration has recently announced plans to roll back protections for transgender individuals in healthcare and other sectors, sparking outrage from the LGBT community. However, the director expressed hope that the Vatican will continue to work towards greater acceptance and understanding of LGBT Catholics, despite the political climate. He noted that the Church has a long history of social justice advocacy, and that the plight of the LGBT community is a crucial human rights issue that the Church cannot ignore. Overall, the director of the U.S.-based ministry praised Pope Francis for his willingness to engage in dialogue with the LGBT community. He expressed hope that the Church will continue to move towards a more accepting and inclusive stance on LGBT issues, and that the Vatican's gesture of VIP seating for his ministry could serve as a symbol of the Church's commitment to progress and justice.