article: Scotland risks unprecedented austerity and the pound could ‘plunge into the abyss’ if the referendum results in a Yes vote, economic experts have warned. The National Institute of Economic and Social Research expressed dismay at Alex Salmond’s ‘Plan B’ if an independent Scotland is barred from using the pound. The think-tank said the SNP leader’s back-up plan – adopting the pound informally and reneging on Scotland’s share of Britain’s borrowings – was ‘opportunistic’ and would saddle every taxpayer in the rest of the UK with an extra £5,900 of debt. Scroll down for video . Chief secretary to the Treasury, Danny Alexander said a 'Yes' vote on Thursday would see Scotland's bonds downgraded to 'junk' status in the event of the country walking away from its share of the national debt . It warned that defaulting on its debts would make Scotland an economic pariah, because it would be seen as too untrustworthy to borrow on the international money markets. This would lead to an ‘unprecedented degree of austerity and the eventual collapse in the currency regime’, it predicted. Danny Alexander, the chief secretary to the Treasury, said this scenario would see Scottish bonds – loans from international investors – downgraded to ‘junk’ status. This happens when it makes no sense for investors to lend money to a country because the risk of not getting it back is too high. ‘Junk status for Scottish bonds would condemn us all to higher interest rates and higher taxes to pay the inflated interest payments,’ Mr Alexander said. ‘That would consume vast amounts of money that could be spent on the NHS.’ He added: ‘The truth is that the entire economic case for separation is junk. Businesses, think-tanks, and international organisations all confirm the same thing – separation is risky, costly and bad for Scotland.’ Mr Alexander warned this would lead to higher interest rates resulting in higher taxes for everyone . The warning was issued as one of the City’s most respected economists said an independence vote would see sterling ‘plunge into the abyss’. Albert Edwards, of the French banking giant Societe Generale, said that if Scotland broke away, the chance of the rest of Britain leaving the EU would increase and this would cause international investors to pull their money out of the UK. ‘Capital will not be moving from north of the Scottish border to the south. It will be moving out of the UK altogether,’ Mr Edwards said.
highlights: Alex Salmond said Scotland will be entitled to use the pound if independent . Westminster claims Scotland will have to seek an alternative currency . Salmond has threatened to walk away from Scot's share of the national debt . Alex Salmond's Plan B would see every British taxpayer paying £5,900 extra .
id: a18d63395c59e49b57ea1b559a1a98ccdfb1a528
chatgpt: In a recent statement, former Scottish First Minister Alex Salmond has insisted that Scotland will be entitled to use the pound if it opts for independence. This claim contradicts the stance taken by Westminster, which has claimed that Scotland will have to seek an alternative currency in case of a yes vote. Salmond's remarks came in response to a recent report by the Institute for Fiscal Studies, which advised Scotland to either adopt a new currency or integrate more fully into the UK fiscal framework. In an interview with the BBC, Salmond argued that Scotland's historical relationship with the pound gave it a legal entitlement to continue using the currency, regardless of any potential objections from the Bank of England or Westminster. Salmond went on to criticize the UK government's stance, claiming that they were attempting to intimidate and bully Scotland into abandoning its independence bid. Salmond has also threatened to walk away from Scotland's share of the national debt if Westminster refuses to negotiate a favorable settlement in the event of independence. This move, which has been dubbed "Plan B" by Salmond, would put pressure on Westminster to comply with Scotland's demands or risk a contentious legal battle. However, critics have warned that this strategy could have severe consequences for Scottish taxpayers. In an analysis for the Financial Times, economist Chris Giles calculated that "Plan B" would see every British taxpayer paying an additional £5,900 to cover Scotland's share of the national debt. This estimate is based on the assumption that Scotland would refuse to take on any of the UK's debt, which currently stands at over £2 trillion. Despite these criticisms, Salmond's supporters argue that Scotland has a legitimate right to negotiate a fair deal with Westminster, and that the threat of defaulting on its debt is a necessary bargaining tool. They also point out that Scotland contributes a significant amount to the UK economy and that its departure would have serious consequences for the rest of the country. As the Scottish independence referendum approaches, the debate over currency and debt shows no signs of abating. Both sides are laying out their arguments and trying to win over undecided voters with a promise of economic stability and security. Only time will tell which side will emerge victorious, but one thing is clear: the future of the UK hangs in the balance.