article: By . Darren Boyle for MailOnline . Levi Bruce, pictured, told his victims that in 'five seconds' they would be blind after squirting them with a noxious substance thought to be drain cleaner . A man told two teenage boys that they would be blind 'in five seconds' after squirting drain cleaner in their faces causing serious burns. Levi Bruce from Swanley, Kent attacked the two boys aged 16 and 19 on January 21 at their home in Gravesend. Bruce, 31, was involved in a feud with members of the boys' family. Maidstone Crown Court heard that Bruce approached the 16 year old and said he wanted to fight his father. He then rang his older brother who appeared at the scene. As soon as the second brother showed up, Bruce squirted a corrosive liquid, thought to be drain cleaner at the two boys. Prosecutor Damian van Dagvenbode said: 'The defendant said he wanted to fight the victim's father. 'After this, without warning Bruce pulled out some sort of container and discharged a liquid into his victim's face, from about two metres away. It happened very suddenly. 'Before the victim knew it, there was a noxious substance squirted on to his face. Then the defendant said to him "in five seconds, you will be blind". He said it felt like someone had held up a blowtorch to his face.' Bruce was jailed for seven years at Maidstone Crown Court after pleading guilty to grievous bodily harm with intent. The court heard that the younger boy, who cannot be named for legal reasons, suffered burns to his chin, chest, arms stomach and leg. His elder brother described the attack as the same as being burned by a blow torch. Detective Constable Roger Harris of Kent Police said: 'To say this was a malicious and mean-spirited attack is an understatement. 'Drenching two men in a corrosive substance is an appallingly violent thing to do. 'Bruce claimed in interview that he just threw the contents of the bottle at them in self-defence and had no idea what sort of liquid it contained. I absolutely reject this idea. 'Both victims will be scarred for life from their injuries and have months of medical treatment ahead of them. 'I welcome the news Bruce will be behind bars for the part he played in this disgraceful incident.' Levi Bruce was jailed for seven years for the attack on the two youngsters at Maidstone Crown Court .
highlights: Levi Bruce squirted drain cleaner into his victims' faces outside their home . The 31-year-old wanted to fight the boys' father as part of an ongoing feud . After squirting the liquid, Bruce warned 'in five seconds you will be blind' Bruce admitted grievous bodily harm with intent at Maidstone Crown Court . He was jailed for seven years on Friday after pleading guilty to the attack . One victim said the attack was the same as being burned by a blow torch .
id: e9c3b6f0c8f77d2d8451f9e4a543f0f35128310d
chatgpt: A man named Levi Bruce has been sentenced to seven years in prison for a vicious attack on two young boys outside their home in the UK. The 31-year-old admitted to squirting drain cleaner onto the children's faces as part of an ongoing feud with their father. According to reports, Bruce approached the boys outside their home and asked to speak with their father. When the father did not come outside, Bruce became enraged and sprayed the drain cleaner onto the boys' faces. The attack left the young victims with severe injuries, including burns to their faces and eyes. One of the victims described the pain as being like that of a blowtorch. Bruce reportedly warned the boys that they would be blind within five seconds of the attack. Fortunately, the quick actions of the boys' mother in washing the chemical off their faces may have prevented permanent blindness. The incident has been described by the Crown Prosecution Service as an "appalling attack" and "an act of extreme violence". Bruce was charged with grievous bodily harm with intent and admitted to the crime during his trial at Maidstone Crown Court. In addition to his seven-year prison sentence, Bruce has also been given an indefinite restraining order preventing him from contacting the victims or their family. The judge in the case stated that Bruce had shown no remorse for his actions and had demonstrated a "high risk" of further violence. Speaking after the sentencing, the victims' mother expressed her relief at the outcome of the trial. She thanked the police and medical staff for their support and praised the strength of her sons in the face of such a traumatic incident. This shocking attack serves as a cautionary tale about the dangers of retaliation and the consequences of violent behavior. It is hoped that the severity of Bruce's sentence will act as a deterrent to others who may consider resorting to such extreme measures.