article: (CNN) -- For the second time in two days, security forces fired live ammunition and lobbed tear gas during protests in Change Square outside Sanaa University on Sunday, Ala'a Al-Khowlani, a witness at the scene, said. Other witnesses told CNN that at least 10 people were injured. The clashes began after pro-government demonstrators and security forces set up a road block preventing anti-government protesters from entering Change Square, witnesses said. While protesters were allowed to leave, they were not allowed to re-enter. Anti-government protesters demanded they be allowed in, and tensions heightened when they forced themselves through the road block, witnesses said. After the protesters made their way in, the shooting started and tear gas was used, they reported. According to Al-Khowlani, some believe that security forces and police dressed as civilians were shooting into the crowd from nearby rooftops. In Aden City on Sunday, four protesters were injured by security forces gunfire, witnesses there said. One day earlier, three people in Aden City died from gunshot wounds when security forces tried to disperse an anti-government rally, a medical official with the group Youth for Change said. A fourth person was killed in Dar Saad, in Aden Province, when a group of anti-government protesters stormed a government complex and set a police station on fire, the medical official said. A Yemeni Interior Ministry official acknowledged that one person was killed by security forces, but said those who raided the complex were gang members and not protesters. Regarding the killings in Aden City, a security official called the demonstrators "separatists" rather than protesters, and would not comment on the alleged shootings by security forces. "The government is trying to keep people as safe as possible," the official said. Across Yemen, high unemployment fuels much of the anger among a growing young population steeped in poverty. The protesters also cite government corruption and a lack of political freedom. On Thursday, President Ali Abdullah Saleh -- who has promised not to run for president in the next round of elections -- pledged to bring a new constitution to a vote by the end of the year and transfer government power to an elected parliamentary system. Human Rights Watch released a statement Saturday, calling on countries that support Saleh to make aid contingent on the government stopping its attacks on demonstrators. "President Saleh has once again broken his promise to end attacks on peaceful protesters, and those who supply his government with weapons risk complicity in this bloodshed," said Joe Stork, deputy Middle East and North Africa director at the rights organization.
highlights: Anti-government protesters wanted to enter Change Square . Security forces set up a road block . Protesters forced their way in . Security forces responded by shooting and lobbing tear gas, witnesses say .
id: 29728a28a2a4191839214c1027a70ef246c6e4fd
chatgpt: In the ongoing Yemeni uprising against the current government, protesters attempted to enter Change Square in the capital of Sana'a on Monday. However, their efforts were thwarted by government security forces who set up a roadblock to block their passage. The protesters, numbering in the thousands, were undeterred and initially attempted to negotiate with the security forces. However, when their attempts proved fruitless, they began forcefully pushing through the roadblock. Witnesses reported that some protesters were armed with rocks and sticks, while others had more advanced weaponry. The security forces responded with lethal force, shooting and lobbing tear gas at the crowd. According to several witnesses, the situation quickly turned chaotic, with protesters fleeing in different directions and some taking cover behind buildings. Medical sources in the area have reported at least 30 people were injured and five killed during the clash. The government has not released a statement regarding the incident. Change Square has been a significant site of anti-government protests in Yemen for the past several years. The protests, which began in 2011, initially called for the removal of then-president Ali Abdullah Saleh. After he was overthrown, protests continued against his successor, Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, for his alleged corruption and failure to bring about meaningful change. The current government, led by Prime Minister Mohammed Basindawa, has faced criticism for its handling of the protests, as well as ongoing conflicts with militant groups in the country, including al-Qaeda and Houthi rebels. The security forces' use of force against the protesters has been widely condemned by international human rights organizations, including Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch. They have called for an independent investigation into the incident and for accountability for those responsible for the killings and injuries. The Yemeni uprising is part of a broader wave of protests that swept through the Middle East and North Africa in 2011, collectively known as the Arab Spring. While some countries, such as Tunisia and Egypt, saw relatively peaceful transitions to more democratic governments, others, like Syria and Yemen, have faced protracted civil wars and ongoing violence. The situation in Yemen remains tense, with ongoing conflict between the government and various militant groups, as well as continued protests and civil unrest. It remains to be seen what the impact of the latest incident at Change Square will be on the wider political situation in the country.