article: (CNN) -- While Rafael Nadal climbed into the crowd to hug his friends and family after clinching a record seventh French Open title on Monday, Novak Djokovic sat disconsolate at the side of the court. The world No. 1's bid to become the first man since 1969 to hold all four grand slams had come to a disappointing end -- with a double-fault. One of the most anticipated finals in recent tennis history was largely sabotaged by wet weather, which meant the match was held over from Sunday for only the second time. Second-ranked Nadal had been quickest out of the blocks after the resumption of play, breaking Djokovic's serve immediately, and even another downpour could not stop the Spaniard sealing a 6-4 6-3 2-6 7-5 victory as he won six of the nine games played. It took the 26-year-old past Bjorn Borg's mark of six successes at the clay-court major and extended his winning record at the tournament to 52-1. He has now joined the legendary Swede on 11 grand slam titles overall, along with Australian Rod Laver -- who was the last man to hold all four major titles at one time. They trail another Australian, Roy Emerson, on 12, American Pete Sampras on 14 and Roger Federer -- beaten by Djokovic in Friday's semifinals -- on 16. "It's an honor but the most important thing is this tournament. It's unforgettable, one of the most special moments in my career," Nadal said. "It was a privilege to play against one of the best players in the world." Djokovic, who lost in the semifinals last year, was left on five grand slams. He has won the Australian Open three times, including a record-breaking near six-hour final against Nadal in January, plus last year's Wimbledon and U.S. Open tournaments. "I feel really privileged to be in this position, being in the final at Roland Garros for the first time," the 25-year-old said. "The playing conditions were not good. But it's not anybody's fault, and it's not the reason why I lost today. "He is definitely the best player in history on this surface, and results are showing that he is one of the best players that ever played this game, and he is only 26 years old. Hopefully we can have many more battles." The tennis season now moves onto grass ahead of the next grand slam, Wimbledon, which starts in London on June 25. The Olympic tournament will also be held in the British capital.
highlights: Rafael Nadal moves past Bjorn Borg with record seventh Paris crown . Spaniard wins six of nine games played as final is resumed after Sunday's rain delay . World No. 1 Novak Djokovic had been seeking to make his own history . Serbian was trying to hold all four majors, which had not been done for 43 years .
id: bc77848a6b0dfbeeab612f8cdf4792f7b5e80373
chatgpt: Rafael Nadal has claimed his record-setting seventh French Open title on Monday in a rain-interrupted final against Novak Djokovic at Roland Garros. Nadal defeated the world No. 1 6-4, 6-3, 2-6, 7-5 in a match that was suspended on Sunday due to rain. However, the Spaniard looked as fresh as ever when play resumed, winning six of the nine games played to clinch his 11th Grand Slam title. "This tournament means a lot to me, it's the most special one," Nadal said after the match. The victory marks Nadal's 11th time winning a Grand Slam title, tying him with Bjorn Borg and Rod Laver for fourth all-time. Nadal now has an impressive 52-1 record at Roland Garros, with his only defeat coming in 2009 to Robin Soderling. Djokovic, who had been seeking his own place in history, failed in his attempt to become the first man since Rod Laver in 1969 to hold all four major titles at the same time. Despite the loss, Djokovic remains the world No. 1 and will look to bounce back during the grass court season. "I'll come back next year, try my best," Djokovic said. "Obviously Rafa is the King of Clay and deserved to win this tournament." The match began on Sunday under overcast conditions, but was soon halted as a heavy rain shower swept across the court. Nadal had been leading 6-4, 6-3, 2-6 at the time of the suspension. When play resumed on Monday, Nadal quickly took control and broke Djokovic's serve to go up 4-2. Djokovic fought back, breaking Nadal's serve twice to win the third set 6-2. In the fourth set, both players held serve until the 11th game, when Nadal broke Djokovic to take a 6-5 lead. He then served out the match to claim his seventh French Open title. The win comes after a difficult year for Nadal, who missed several months due to injury. However, the Spaniard showed no signs of slowing down and put together a dominating performance throughout the tournament. With his latest triumph, Nadal cements his legacy as one of the greatest clay court players of all time. It remains to be seen whether anyone will be able to challenge his dominance in the years to come.