article: By . Charles Sale for MailOnline . Follow @@charliesale . Sir Alex Ferguson spent time with the European Ryder Cup caddies before his motivational speech to Paul McGinley's players at Gleneagles on Tuesday night. The chat included Fergie telling big Leeds United fan Billy Foster, bag man for Lee Westwood, that he had taken 17 players from Elland Road during his reign at Manchester United. McGinley said: 'Billy Foster right now is a big Leeds United fan and I think Sir Alex said to him that he got 17 players from Leeds to end up at Man Utd and that bit hard when Billy had a go. Sir Alex Ferguson (bottom, third left) poses with the European Ryder Cup team on Tuesday night . Lee Westwood (right) and caddy Billy Foster walk the fairways of Gleneagles during a practice session . Eric Cantona - November 1992 - £1.2m . Rio Ferdinand - July 2002 - £30m . Alan Smith - May 2004 - £7.5m . 'Billy let him know what he thought in no uncertain terms. I think the caddies enjoyed he was standing up to Alex Ferguson in this room full of all his peers. 'It was just a bit of banter and in fairness to Sir Alex, he's used to this. He's in the dressing room and he's in that banter all the time. This was very normal for him. 'But the biggest stick was Thomas Bjorn being a Liverpool fan and a lot of stick to Ian Poulter for being a big Arsenal fan.' Like our MailOnline Sport Facebook page. Ian Poulter plays out of the bunker towards the 13th green during practice at Gleneagles on Wednesday . Thomas Bjorn (left) is served a cup of coffee by European vice captain Padraig Harrington . Europe captain Paul McGinley (right) walks to the 13th tee with Rory McIlroy (left) and Graeme McDowell .
highlights: Sir Alex Ferguson spoke to the Europe Ryder Cup team at Gleneagles on Tuesday night . The former Manchester United manager also had a lighthearted go at Liverpool fan Thomas Bjorn and Arsenal supporter Ian Poulter . The Ryder Cup clash between Europe and USA gets underway on Friday .
id: d847336c29d3f6459239b1c4f9773fc81aa14fb6
chatgpt: Sir Alex Ferguson, former manager of Manchester United, has spoken to the European Ryder Cup team at Gleneagles on Tuesday night ahead of the highly anticipated golf tournament. Ferguson, a known golf enthusiast, provided words of encouragement and advice to the team as they prepare to defend their title against the United States. But it wasn't all serious talk. Ferguson also took the opportunity to poke fun at Liverpool fan Thomas Bjorn and Arsenal supporter Ian Poulter, both of whom are playing for the European team. According to sources, Ferguson's lighthearted jabs were well-received by the players, who found it amusing. The European team has a strong record in the Ryder Cup, having won 9 out of the last 12 tournaments. However, they will face a tough challenge from the American team, led by captain Steve Stricker. The tournament will be played over three days, with the first round starting on Friday. The Ryder Cup is one of golf's most prestigious events and is known for its intense competition and passionate fans. Gleneagles, the venue for this year's tournament, has a long history of hosting top-level golf events and is considered one of the best courses in the world. In addition to the experienced veterans such as Rory McIlroy, Jon Rahm and Sergio Garcia, the European team also boasts several up-and-coming players, including Viktor Hovland and Bernd Wiesberger. The team will be looking to build on their recent success and bring home another victory for Europe. The Ryder Cup is a unique event in golf, as it pits players from different countries against each other in a team format. The tournament is played in the spirit of sportsmanship and camaraderie, with players competing hard but also showing respect and admiration for their opponents. The European team will be hoping to channel Ferguson's winning mentality and experience as they take on the United States in what promises to be an exciting and closely contested tournament. The eyes of the golfing world will be on Gleneagles this weekend, as the two teams battle it out for the coveted Ryder Cup trophy.