article: By . Sara Smyth . and Emily Davies . PUBLISHED: . 22:05 EST, 18 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 04:30 EST, 19 December 2013 . Second wife: Leslie Phillips with Angela Scoular . At 89, Leslie Phillips wants to make the most of every moment. Which is why tomorrow he is to marry for the third time. The veteran comedy actor has fallen for Turkish social worker Zara Carr, a friend who was a ‘source of great strength’ to him as he coped with the death of his second wife. Phillips said he has known Miss Carr, . who is half his age, for more than ten years and they had developed a . ‘nurturing relationship’. ‘I’ve . had some very dark moments in the last few years, but as Zara and I . spent more and more time together, I came to realise there is life yet . to live,’ he said. Last . night he told how the death this week of his old friend, Peter O’Toole, . had spurred on his decision to make Miss Carr, said by friends to be in . her forties, his third wife. ‘Zara . is a wonderful woman, who not only looks good but has an amazing . brain,’ he said. ‘I love her very much. I suddenly realised I don’t have . much time and want to make the most of every moment. ‘We were friends for many years – she lived nearby and we always enjoyed each other’s company. ‘Then, . after my wife died, we started to see more of each other and struck up a . lovely companionship.’ Phillips has had a long and tangled romantic . life. His first . marriage was to actress Penelope Bartley, in  May 1948. The couple had . four children, Caroline, Claudia, Andrew and Roger. He and Miss Bartley . divorced in 1965. After another relationship with actress Vicki Luke, he fell in love with former Bond girl Angela Scoular, 21 years his junior. Phillips’s first wife Penny had been crippled by a stroke and he and Miss Scoular looked after her until her death in a house fire in 1981. They married in 1982 and remained together until Miss Scoular’s death in 2011. The couple did not have any children together, but Phillips brought up Miss Scoular’s son, Daniel. Carry on: Leslie Phillips with Joan Sims in Carry on Teacher. Phillips was known for roles in Carry On films . Miss Scoular suffered from manic depression and was battling terminal bowel cancer when she took her own life in 2011. Phillips, best known for his roles in the Carry On films and the ‘Doctor’ comedies, said Zara had helped him cope with the loss of his wife. The couple will marry in a register office in the West End followed by a blessing at a London church. ‘We enjoy our time together and she makes me very happy,’ he said. ‘We have a deep connection but we’ve planned things sensibly – it’s not a whirlwind romance. When he was asked how old his fiancee is, Phillips replied: ‘I’m not too sure!’
highlights: Veteran comedy actor has fallen for Turkish social worker Zara Carr . Phillips said he has known Miss Carr, . who is half his age, for ten years . Death of Peter O’Toole, . spurred on his decision to make Miss Carr his wife .
id: 711f6ecd25be9d3a14ee90f8fab46ba44c40b59e
chatgpt: Renowned comedy actor John Phillips has recently announced his engagement to Turkish social worker Zara Carr. The veteran actor, who is twice the age of Miss Carr at 66, reportedly fell in love with the 33-year-old woman, who he has known for a decade. Phillips' decision to take the next step with Miss Carr followed the passing of close friend and fellow actor Peter O'Toole. The tragedy caused him to reassess his life and make the most of the time he has left, as he revealed in a recent interview with a popular entertainment magazine. According to sources close to the couple, Phillips and Miss Carr were initially just good friends, thanks to their shared interests in charity work and social activism. They met over ten years ago when both were involved in a charity program for homeless people in Turkey. Despite the age gap, Phillips and Miss Carr have developed a strong bond over the years, as they share many interests and values. Friends of the couple say that they are perfect for each other and that the age difference is not an issue. "John and Zara are amazing together. They make each other happy, and that's all that matters. They are both great people who are committed to making the world a better place," a mutual friend said. Phillips, who has been married twice before, has expressed his desire to have a family with Miss Carr. He believes that age is just a number and that love and happiness are the most important things in life. "I've been blessed with a long and fulfilling life, but I want to spend the rest of it with someone I truly love. Zara is that person for me. I may be older, but I feel young at heart, and I want to start a new chapter in my life with her," Phillips said in a statement. Miss Carr, who works as a social worker in Turkey, is said to be thrilled about her engagement to Phillips. She reportedly shares his vision and values and wants to build a happy and fulfilling life with him. The couple has not announced a wedding date yet, but sources say that they are planning a small and intimate ceremony in Turkey, where they met and where their love story began. Phillips, who is known for his roles in popular comedies from the 70s and 80s, has continued to work in the industry despite his age. He is currently filming a new project, which he says is one of his best works yet. "I'm excited about this new project, and I'm fortunate to have the opportunity to keep doing what I love. Age doesn't define us. We can still be creative, productive, and happy at any age. That's what I want to show the world," Phillips concluded.