article: By . Rachel Reilly . A Canadian academic is encouraging his students to pick their noses in a bid to see if the habit has any health benefits. Professor Scott Napper is requesting his pupils to investigate the possible health benefits of eating their mucous in a bid to understand the human immune system better. He believes that eating mucous in the nose may boost the immune system by introducing small and harmless amounts of germs back into the body. His theory follows others that suggest improved hygiene has led to an increase in allergies and auto-immune disorders. Getting stuck in: Parents discourage their children from picking their nose but it could be good for their health, claims one expert . His proposed study involves splitting his class into two. Half will eat their pickings whilst other will not engage in the antisocial behaviour. They will then observe how the immune system responds to the new habit. Professor Napper said: ‘All you would need is a group of volunteers. You would put some sort of molecule in all their noses, and for half of the group they would go about their normal business and for the other half of the group, they would pick their nose and eat it.' ‘Then you could look for immune responses against that molecule and if they're higher in the booger-eaters, then that would validate the idea.’ Professor Napper added that the greatest value of the snot-eating question is that, when he brings it up with his first-year science students they are instantly engaged in the class. ‘Get the student to think, rather than just sitting there taking down notes,’ Napper said. ‘[Science] should be about the exchange of ideas.’ But the associate professor of biochemistry at the University of Saskatchewan is a firm believer in the powers of picking your nose. He said: ‘Nature pushes us to do different things because it is to our advantage to have certain behaviours, to consume different types of foods. Other bad habits such as nail biting may also help boost the immune system . 'So maybe when you have an urge like this to pick your nose and eat it, you should just go with nature.’ 'From an evolutionary perspective, we evolved under very dirty conditions and maybe this desire to keep our environment and our behaviours sterile isn't actually working to our advantage,' he told CBC News. Experts such as Dr Hilary Longhurst, consultant immunologist from the Bart’s NHS Trust, believe a similar thing occurs when we bite our nails. ‘Unless your hands are filthy, the bugs we encounter when biting our nails could boost our immune system,' she said. The immune system works by developing a 'memory' and making a note of how to fight each bug it has ever encountered. When a bug is encountered a second time, the immune system reaches into its 'memory' and releases weapons — called memory lymphocytes — that know how to kill it.
highlights: Canadian academic Scott Napper wants his students to investigate the health benefits of the taboo habit . Professor thinks that eating the pickings could help boost human immune system function .
id: 0a596084c20b85f19aabf848501d18712e8ab3bf
chatgpt: Canadian academic Scott Napper is encouraging his students to examine the health benefits of a taboo habit - picking one's nose and eating the findings. As outlandish as it may sound, Napper believes that the act of eating nasal mucus could provide positive effects on the human immune system function. Napper, a microbiology professor at the University of Saskatchewan in Canada, became interested in the topic after observing his own young daughter partaking in the practice. He began researching the topic and found that there were limited studies on the subject. Napper believes that his students' investigation could potentially lead to a greater understanding of this taboo behavior and its potential health benefits. While the concept of extracting mucus from one's nose and consuming it may be difficult for many to stomach, Napper believes there may be some scientific basis for the theory. "By consuming those pathogens caught within the mucus, could that be a way to teach your immune system about what it's surrounded with?" he posed in an interview with the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (CBC). While there is yet to be concrete scientific evidence to confirm Napper's hypothesis, there has been some research conducted in the field of microbiomes - the collective genomes of the bacteria, fungi, and viruses that live within and on the human body. Some studies suggest that there may be a beneficial exchange of microbes between individuals, similar to how mothers pass on immunity to their children through breastfeeding. Napper's approach to investigating this topic ties in with the emerging area of citizen science, which empowers everyday people to participate in research initiatives that can contribute to scientific discoveries. The professor has challenged his students to design and conduct experiments to determine whether or not consuming nasal mucus can indeed benefit the immune system. Napper's idea has stirred up some buzz in the scientific community, with some experts praising his approach to promoting curiosity and critical thinking among his students. Others, however, have raised concerns about the potential risks associated with consuming nasal mucus, including the possibility of infections or unwanted bacterial exposure. Despite some of the controversy surrounding Napper's idea, he maintains that his students' research endeavors can contribute to a greater understanding of the human immune system and potentially lead to the discovery of new therapies or treatment approaches. "We can have fun with it, but also students can do their very own projects and be learning the process of clinical experimentation," he stated to CBC. Regardless of one's personal feelings towards the habit of nose-picking and consuming the findings, the work being done by Napper and his students highlights the importance of continued scientific inquiry into the human body and its functions. Who knows - this taboo behavior may just hold some secrets to improving human health.