article: One can't help but stare at Phil the homeless kitten born in Boston without upper eyelids. The brave little feline would have gone blind had he not had life-changing surgery on December 9 to help him see again. The three-month-old kitten received successful surgery at the hand of Dr.Martin Coster from Angel Animal Medical Center, announced the MSPCA on Wednesday. Survivor: A homeless kitten named Phil received sight-saving surgery at Angell Animal Medical Center last week after he was born with no eyelids three months ago . Brave: Phil is expected to recover fully from the surgery and will be put up for adoption with his best friend, another adorable cat named Vixen . Phil was born with a condition called Agenesis which makes it impossible for him to blink and therefore would have caused his eyes to dry up and eventually stop functioning. MSPCA’s Boston adoption center manager Alyssa Krieger first came across Phil and Vixen at the Boston Animal Control shelter in Roslindale on November 24. 'I was immediately struck by Phil’s personality, in addition to the unusual situation surrounding his eyes,' she said. 'Even though his lack of eyelids caused painful irritation, he was still a typical and playful kitten. We were eager to get him back to Angel where we knew he could get the operating he needed to save his sight,' she added. Dr. Coster agreed to perform the operation with a novel form of surgery by taking some of tissue from the cat's lip and using it to form an eyelid. 'A cat’s upper eyelid is very similar in form and function to the tissue in their lip,' he said. 'By taking some tissue from Phil’s lip and attaching it to the muscles that enable him to blink, we can, in effect, reconstruct his missing eyelids.' Just one week after the surgery Phil is able to blink again and can lubricate his own eyes. 'I expect Phil to recover completely and there’s no reason to believe he won’t have a long and healthy life—with the pain and discomfort of his condition finally resolved,' said Coster. In around two weeks Phil is expected to recover and be put up for adoption with another cat named Vixen who is Phil's best friend. Recovering: Phil is expected to recover fully from the surgery and has maintained his playful spirit . Novel surgery:  Dr. Coster agreed to perform the operation with a novel form of surgery by taking some of tissue from the cat's lip and using it to form an eyelid . Up for adoption: Phil (right) will be put up for adoption with his best friend Vixen in a few weeks .
highlights: Phil the three-month-old kitten received successful surgery at the hand of Dr.Martin Coster from Angel Animal Medical Center . Dr. Coster agreed to perform the operation with a novel form of surgery by taking some of tissue from the cat's lip and using it to form an eyelid . In around two weeks Phil is expected to recover and will be put up for adoption and be placed in a loving home .
id: 9e6429f671a3a39416bc313778e9b5a259172988
chatgpt: Phil, a homeless three-month-old kitten, had a successful surgery at Angel Animal Medical Center. The skilled hands of Dr. Martin Coster performed the surgery, using a unique method to form an eyelid. Phil is expected to make a full recovery in just two weeks and will be put up for adoption shortly after. Few stray animals receive the same kind of care that Phil received at Angel Animal Medical Center. Dr. Martin Coster felt inclined to help the helpless creature by performing the surgery. He utilized a cutting-edge form of surgical intervention that involved taking tissue from the cat's lip and using it to create a makeshift eyelid. Dr. Coster explained that the healthy tissue was transported, and the blood supply was connected to create the new eyelid. He also said that there was no need to worry about Phil's vision, as cats can adapt to seeing with just one eye. The surgery lasted around an hour, and the doctors saw the results they were hoping for, Phil's new eyelid looked great. The kitten was comfortable and in good spirits after the surgery. Phil was given countless cuddles and plenty of medications to aid in its healing. In about two weeks, Phil should be fully recovered and sent to its forever home. The hospital staff and vets that assisted Dr. Coster with the surgery all fell in love with the tiny creature, and they would have loved to hold onto it themselves, but sadly they knew the kitten deserved a loving home. Luckily, Phil's surgery and positive story gained a lot of attention from people online, and it looks like there is going to be no shortage of potential adopters. Animal lovers from all corners of the internet took notice of Phil's miraculous story and started sharing it on social media platforms like Facebook and Twitter. People expressed their gratitude to the doctor who performed the surgery and shared their personal stories of rescuing animals. One follower of the story, Karen, said, "It's inspiring to see all the love and compassion people have for animals. The world can be a beautiful place when we take care of our furry friends." Phil's story is a reminder that where there is love and compassion, there is always hope. Phil would not have made it without the help of the compassionate veterinarian who performed the surgery and the countless people who shared and promoted his story online. Phil's journey is truly a testament to the power of love and technology. From the skilled surgical tools of the Angel Animal Medical Center to the vast reaches of social media, Phil's story has touched countless hearts and made a difference.