article: North Korea launched three short-range guided missiles into the sea off the Korean Peninsula's east coast Saturday, South Korea's semi-official news agency Yonhap cited the South Korean Defense Ministry as saying. The ministry said it had detected two launches in the morning, followed by another in the afternoon, Yonhap reported. The missiles were fired in a northeasterly direction, away from South Korean waters, the ministry said. South Korea has beefed up monitoring on North Korea and is maintaining a high-level of readiness to deal with any risky developments, the ministry added, according to Yonhap. According to the Arms Control Association, a U.S.-based organization, short-range guided missiles are generally classified as those traveling less than 1,000 kilometers (about 620 miles.) Tensions in the region have eased in recent days since a fraught period last month that included near daily North Korean threats of war. U.S. and South Korean officials feared at that time that Kim Jong Un's regime was planning to carry out a test launch of longer-range ballistic missiles, believed to be Musudans. The South Korean government says they have a maximum range of 3,500 kilometers (2,175 miles). Andrew Salmon, a journalist and author based in the South Korean capital, Seoul, said North Korea's reported launch of short-range missiles Saturday should not cause the same degree of concern as the launch of a satellite or medium-range Musudan rocket. "It's a short-range tactical weapon. If any other country launched this kind of weapon, it's a routine test, nobody would be too worried. It's really simply because it's North Korea doing this that it raises concerns," he said. The situation is much less tense in the region than it was last month, Salmon said. "The North Koreans have significantly de-escalated their bellicosity and their rhetoric since the end of April," he said. "The South Korean government, I suspect, will not be strongly condemnatory of this test because right now they are very, very keen to get the North Koreans to the negotiating table." The recent tensions flared after the North's long-range rocket launch in December and underground nuclear test in February, both of which were widely condemned. Pyongyang's fiery rhetoric intensified in March as the U.N. Security Council voted to tighten sanctions on the regime following the nuclear test. Annual U.S.-South Korean military drills in South Korea also fueled the North's anger, especially when the United States carried out displays of strength that included nuclear-capable B2 stealth bombers. North Korea is demanding recognition as a nuclear power, something the United States refuses to countenance. Last month's crisis resulted in the closure of the Kaesong Industrial Complex, the last major symbol of inter-Korean cooperation.
highlights: Report: The missiles were fired away from South Korean waters . North Korea fired three short-range missiles, South Korean Defense Ministry is quoted as saying . They were fired into the sea off the Korean Peninsula's east coast, Yonhap reports . Tensions in the region have eased since a peak last month .
id: 29f26ae4f025b2171ffd9e0b4dcf7479304b9ada
chatgpt: North Korea fired three short-range missiles on Monday, which were reportedly launched away from South Korean waters. According to the South Korean Defense Ministry, the missiles were fired into the sea off the Korean Peninsula's east coast. The move by North Korea comes amid tensions in the region, which have been easing since a peak last month. The firing of the missiles is a cause for concern, as it could be seen as an escalation in the ongoing conflict between North and South Korea. The missiles were launched from the province of Kangwon, which is located on the east coast of North Korea. The exact type and range of the missiles are not currently known, as more information about the launches is being gathered. The South Korean military has responded to the launches by boosting its surveillance and monitoring activities. The South Korean government has also convened an emergency meeting, in which it is expected to discuss the situation with military officials, as well as the US and other regional allies. According to Yonhap News Agency, the launches took place in the morning and the missiles flew for around 125 miles before landing in the sea. The launches were reportedly detected by the US military, which is stationed in South Korea. The incident comes after weeks of heightened tensions in the region following a series of missile tests by North Korea, including the launch of an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) last month. The missile test prompted an emergency meeting of the United Nations Security Council, which issued new sanctions against North Korea. The new sanctions are aimed at cutting off North Korea's sources of income, especially from exports of coal and other resources. The sanctions are seen as a major move against the North Korean regime, which has been facing increasing pressure from the international community. It remains unclear whether the missile launches on Monday were in response to the new sanctions or were part of a larger strategy by North Korea in the region. The South Korean government has yet to issue a formal response to the launches. The situation in the region remains tense, with North Korea refusing to back down from its nuclear and missile programs. The US, South Korea, and other regional allies have also been ramping up their military activities in response to the threat posed by North Korea. As the situation continues to develop, experts say that it is crucial for all sides to exercise restraint and work towards finding a peaceful solution to the crisis. The stakes are high, and any miscalculations or missteps on either side could result in a potentially catastrophic outcome.