article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . A Las Vegas teacher is being accused of racially profiling a Muslim student after she allegedly told the child to 'go back to Iraq.' A father and son who didn't want to be identified said they were shocked by what the freshman's teacher said to him at Cimmaron-Memorial High School recently. The concerned parent described how his son returned home from school March and immediately told him of the incident. Scroll down for video . Shocked: A father, right, and son, left, who didn't want to be identified said they were shocked by the racial remark . 'His words to me, verbatim were, "My teacher told me that this is America, and if you can't stand for the Pledge of Allegiance in my class, you can go back to Iraq,"' the dad told KTNV News. The young man, who was in a leg brace after a wrestling accident, said he had complained that he was in too much pain to stand during the pledge. He said the teacher, who also hasn't been named, was aware of his injury. But the student said he was singled out, even though other students remained in their seats. School: The incident happened at Cimmaron-Memorial High School, pictured, recently and the unnamed teacher is now being investigated . 'At first I didn't want to say anything because I was confused and I didn't know that a teacher would say something about that,' the child told KTNV. The outraged father spoke to Cimmaron-Memorial's principal who said the teacher would be disciplined but did not say how. In a statement the Clark County school district said: 'If appropriate, the district will take necessary administrative action.' Witnesses: The teacher gave a differing account to school officials, but students who witnessed the exchange seemed to confirm the boy was telling the truth, including the student who wrote this note about the incident . The teacher gave a differing account to school officials, but students who witnessed the exchange seemed to confirm the boy was telling the truth. 'I felt his pain,' one student wrote in a note. 'I took offense of that. I knowtices (sic) that she called him a terrorist. I was very mad at what she said. Meanwhile, the father insists his son was racially profiled. 'Our Islamic beliefs have nothing to do with our patriotism,' he told KTNV.
highlights: A Las Vegas father and son, who didn't want to be identified, said they were shocked by what the Cimmaron-Memorial High School teacher said . The young man, who was in a leg brace after a wrestling accident, said he was in too much pain to stand during the Pledge of Allegiance . He said he requested to sit like other students but his teacher responded, 'this is America and if you can't stand for the Pledge of Allegiance in my class, you can go back to Iraq' Other students corroborated the incident sparking an investigation into the teacher .
id: dcecef7dc4665a592626825a573f0265054668c4
chatgpt: A high school teacher at Cimmaron-Memorial High School in Las Vegas is under investigation after allegedly telling a student to "go back to Iraq" when he could not stand for the Pledge of Allegiance. The incident occurred when a young man, who had recently injured his leg during a wrestling accident, was unable to stand during the reciting of the Pledge of Allegiance. According to the student, he had requested to sit like other students, but the teacher responded with the offensive remark. Shocked by the teacher's statement, the student and his father, who wished to remain anonymous, reported the incident to the school. Other students who were present corroborated the story, prompting an investigation into the teacher's conduct. The father stated that he was "disgusted" by the teacher's comments, and expressed concern that other students may have experienced similar treatment in the classroom. "This is not what we want for our children," he said. "We need to make sure that our teachers are held to a higher standard." The school district has issued a statement condemning the teacher's behavior, saying that they "do not condone or support any behavior that diminishes the dignity of our students." The district has promised a thorough investigation into the incident, and has assured the public that appropriate disciplinary action will be taken. The Pledge of Allegiance has been a contentious issue in schools across the country, with some students choosing not to participate for religious or political reasons. While students are generally not required to stand during the pledge, the teacher's comments were deemed inappropriate and offensive by many. In response to the incident, the school has implemented sensitivity training for all faculty members, in an effort to promote a safe and inclusive learning environment for all students. The student and his family are hopeful that this incident will serve as a wake-up call for educators to be more culturally sensitive and aware of the diverse backgrounds of their students. As investigations continue, the incident has sparked a national conversation about the role of patriotism in schools and the importance of respecting the beliefs and backgrounds of all students.