article: By . Rebecca English . PUBLISHED: . 13:52 EST, 8 July 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 01:43 EST, 9 July 2012 . At first glance, the outspoken Geordie singer and the future king don’t appear to have that much in common. But Prince Charles is so taken with Girls Aloud star Cheryl Cole that he has employed her right-hand woman as one of his most senior advisors. Former music industry executive Kristina Kyriacou, who is director of the singer’s new charity, the Cheryl Cole Foundation, has also just joined the royal household at Clarence House. New role: Krinstina Kyriacou, pictured here with Cheryl Cole and Prince Charles at Clarence House in February, will work out of an office at the prince's historic London home . By Royal Appointment: Miss Kyriacou has had a three-day-a-week post created especially for her at Clarence House . Working out of an office at the prince’s historic London home, glamorous Miss Kyriacou has even had a three-day-a-week post especially created for her - which comes with the impressive title ‘Assistant Communications Secretary, Charities and Marketing’. As such, she has gone from promoting Take That to become the joint second most senior member of staff in Charles’s press office with responsibility for promoting his 17 charities and co-ordinating their work under ‘the prince’s vision’. Her salary, which is undisclosed, is being paid for by the Duchy of Cornwall, which funds all the prince’s public work and private expenditure. A former high flyer at record companies such as Sony - as well as promoting Take That she was also Gary Barlow’s manager during his rather unsuccessful solo career - she became Head of Media and Public Affairs at Comic Relief and it was through setting up a charity climb of Kilimanjaro with several celebrities that she first got to know Miss Cole, who also took part. Meeting of minds: Miss Kyriacou had met Cheryl (front row, second from right) after organising the celebrity climb of Kilimanjaro while working at Comic Relief . The outgoing brunette then directed Gordon Brown’s ‘No to Knives’ coalition before helping Miss Cole, who sang at last week’s Diamond Jubilee Concert at Buckingham Palace, to set up her own charity last year. The singer’s Foundation hopes to provide funds to help young, unemployed and disadvantaged people in her home town of Newcastle fulfil their potential by setting up their own businesses or return to education. The link-up will see the pop singer provide funds for Prince’s Trust work in the Newcastle area. Her first fundraising effort is to sell off some of her old clothes – including a sexy rubber catsuit and several mightily revealing X Factor gowns - in conjunction with online retailer ASOS. In February the 27-year-old singer went to Clarence House with Miss Kyriacou to discuss the merger, with the pop princess looking pleased as punch as she took tea with the future king and posed with him for publicity shots in the residence’s Garden Room.
highlights: Kristina Kyriacou appointed as second most senior member of staff in Prince Charles's press office . Former music industry executive is director of Cheryl Cole's new charity . She will work three days a week in Clarence House role .
id: a87bc97748378209b04eb9622be8cc676e574191
chatgpt: Kristina Kyriacou has been appointed as the second most senior member of Prince Charles's press office team. The former music industry executive, who is also the director of Cheryl Cole's new charity, will work three days a week in her new role at Clarence House. The role will see her support communications and media relations for the royals. Kyriacou worked at Sony Music for more than 16 years before moving on to co-found a music management company called Crown Talent & Media Group. She has also worked alongside other high-profile clients including former Spice Girl, Geri Halliwell, and British popstar, Olly Murs. This experience in the music industry is sure to have provided Kyriacou with the skills and knowledge that will be useful in her new role, where communication is key. The announcement of Kyriacou's appointment comes as the Royal Family gears up for a busy year ahead. With the 70th anniversary of Prince Charles and Camilla's wedding, the upcoming wedding of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, and the birth of the third child to Prince William and Kate Middleton, there certainly will not be a shortage of events to be promoted. Kyriacou will work closely with Sally Osman, who is the Director of Royal Communications, and the rest of the communications team. The team will be responsible for managing the press for the Royal Family and ensuring that their work and activities are well-promoted and communicated to the public. Speaking about her new role, Kyriacou said, "I'm delighted to be joining the Prince of Wales's communications team at such an exciting time. The Royal Family has a special place in the hearts of people all over the world, and I'm looking forward to working with the team to help promote their work and activities." Kyriacou's appointment as the second most senior member of the team highlights the importance of strong communication and media relations in the modern age. With the rise of social media and an insatiable public appetite for news, it's never been more important to have a skilled and experienced team that can manage the press and ensure that the messages being communicated are clear, concise and accurate. Kyriacou's background in the music industry, where she has been responsible for managing the careers of a number of high-profile musicians, is sure to give her a unique perspective on her new role. It's clear that her experience in managing the careers of these high-profile individuals has given her the skills and knowledge that will be invaluable as she takes on her new role. As the Royal Family prepares for a busy year ahead, Kristina Kyriacou's appointment is sure to provide a much-needed boost to their communications and media relations team. Her experience in the music industry, coupled with her passion for promoting good causes, means that she is well equipped to take on this new and challenging role. The public can expect to see the Royal Family and their work promoted more effectively than ever before under Kyriacou's leadership.