article: An NFL center who was offered a $35million contract to play for the St Louis Rams gave it all up to start a farm near his home. Jason Brown, 31, left football behind to grow sweet potatoes in his home county of Louisburg, North Carolina - despite being ranked one of the best players in the league. Brown decided his Christian faith would be better served by growing food for the needy than throwing balls on a pitch - and told his stunned agent he was turning down the lucrative deal with the Rams in April 2012. Drastic change: Jason Brown, 31, used to be a center for the St Louis Rams (left), but quit the game to buy a 1,000-acre farm in North Carolina, and give away the crops (right) He was told the move was 'the biggest mistake of your life' - but was adamant that returning to his rural homeland and taking up agriculture was the best decision he could make, CBS reported. Brown said God's plan was for him to start farming - even though he had no idea how - and to distribute the food that he grew. So Brown bought a 1,000-acre farm and used YouTube tutorials - and advice from local farmers - to start cultivating cucumbers and sweet potatoes on his plot. Giveaway: Volunteers are pictured above loading up a food bank truck with sweet potatoes to feed the needy . On the field: Brown said his football agent told him he was making a huge mistake turning down the money . 'When you see them pop up out of the ground, man, it's the most beautiful thing you could ever see', he said. After years of work restoring the land - dubbed First Fruits Farm - to arable condition, Brown has just given away his first crop - 100,000lbs of sweet potatoes. Writing on his farm's website, Brown said: 'God revealed to me that he had something greater in store for me and that my family should move back to my home state of North Carolina and start a farm. New life: Brown, left on the field in 2011, has said that farming is a far more fulfilling life than football . 'This really caught us by surprise because we knew nothing about farming. Yet, out of obedience, we started looking for available farmland. 'This is when Tay [his wife] and I made a covenant with God and told Him that whatever place He blessed us with, we would name it FirstFruits Farm and that his people would receive the FirstFruits of whatever is produced from the land.' Brown has said he aims to give away twice as much next year.
highlights: Jason Brown, 31, used to be highly-ranked center for St Louis Rams . Gave up his lucrative career to buy 1000 acres in Louisburg, North Carolina . Say plan was inspired by God - and farming is more fulfilling than sports . Has pledged to give away huge amounts of food each harvest to the needy .
id: 64491f825c50a7d4edb7f89d7122d1f3eea7aab1
chatgpt: Former NFL center for the St. Louis Rams, Jason Brown, has made a life-changing decision by giving up his prosperous sports career in order to fulfill his dream of becoming a farmer. Brown, 31, purchased a large farm in Louisburg, North Carolina, covering approximately 1,000 acres of land, which he believes was inspired by God. In his interview with CBS News, Brown explains the moment when his plan to farm first came to him. He was visiting his wife's grandfather's farm when he felt a calling from God. He recalls, "It was just like -- unearthly. It was like, man, this is what I'm supposed to do". Since then, he has devoted every waking minute to farming, which he describes as a "more fulfilling" career. Brown's farm includes various crops such as sweet potatoes, cucumbers, and watermelon. He has a separate area for free-range chickens, and also breeds grass-fed cows. In addition to tending his farm, Brown has pledged to donate the majority of the food he harvests to feed the community's needy. In 2014, he gave away over 100,000 pounds of sweet potatoes to local food banks, and plans to continue donating even larger amounts in the future. To achieve his goal of satisfying the community's hunger, Brown has created a nonprofit organization called "First Fruits Farm". As an ordained minister, Brown considers his farming as a way to give back to the people by providing food and services, and as a way to practice his faith in action. He says, "My job is to help others. I had my time in the NFL, you know, I was there. But now it's time for a different chapter of my life". Brown's decision to give up his football career has made him an inspiration to many people. His faith, dedication, and determination to help others have touched the hearts of his community and beyond. Some may criticize Brown's decision to leave a highly paid career to pursue farming, but for him, the rewards are much more significant. The satisfaction of growing fresh, nutritious food, and sharing it with the needy, brings him a sense of joy and fulfillment which he believes is more valuable than personal achievement. In conclusion, Jason Brown's story is a reminder that success is not only achieved through money or fame, but it can also be obtained by helping others and making a difference in the world. Brown's passion for farming has led him to discover his true vocation, which is to give back to the community by providing free, healthy food to those in need. His example serves as an inspiration and a challenge to think about what we can do to make a positive impact on the world.