article: (CNN) -- A story about an African tribe in India, long-forgotten and little-known, has garnered two Kenyan journalists the top prize at the CNN MultiChoice African Journalist 2012 Awards Ceremony. Tom Mboya and Evanson Nyaga's "The African Tribe in India," which aired on Kenya's Citizen Television, was selected from among 1,799 entries from 42 nations across the African continent on Saturday. Mboya and Evanson, who were among 34 finalists for the top prize, also won the Television Features Award. See a full list of winners and finalists . "Journalism is a profession that allows you to go in and then bring out what the world needs to know. It is humbling that the Father Lord has brought us this," said Mboya, a senior news anchor for Citizen TV. Nyaga now works for CCTV Africa, according to his bio. "This story introduced the viewer to something new, an African tribe in India few know about," said Joel Kibazo, a journalist and member of the judging panel. "The journalist took the viewer with him to India and the village to speak to the tribe members. An all-round detailed story that was well told." Also recognized were Enenche Akogwu and Zakariya Isa with the Free Press Africa Award for their work in Nigeria. Isa, a cameraman for the Nigerian Television Authority (NTA), was killed in October 2011, and Akogwu, a news reporter with Channels Television, was shot and killed, having covered the Kano bomb blast in January. The awards, which are held in a different African location each year, were hosted by CNN and MultiChoice in Lusaka, Zambia, and broadcast live on ZNBC. Presenting the top award were Zambian Foreign Affairs Minister Given Lubinda; Nico Meyer, CEO MultiChoice Africa; and Parisa Khosravi, senior vice president for CNN Worldwide in charge of international newsgathering. The awards were established in 1995 to encourage, promote and recognize excellence in African journalism. Read the CNN press release announcing the results .
highlights: In addition to winning top prize, Mboya, Nyaga win Television Features award . Their story was about a little-known African tribe in India . Slain Nigerian journalists Akogwu, Isa also honored . CNN, MultiChoice host awards in Lusaka, Zambia .
id: 3f473fd66b050c876234372f1da3e40de80575e9
chatgpt: At the recent CNN MultiChoice African Journalist Awards in Lusaka, Zambia, two journalists were honored posthumously: Nigerian journalists Zakariya Isa and Sunday Times journalist Martin Armstrong. The awards ceremony saw several journalists from across Africa being recognized for their outstanding contributions to journalism. However, the big winners were Kenyan journalists Eric Mboya and Waihiga Nyaga, who not only won the top prize but also the Television Features award for their report on a little-known African tribe in India. The duo's in-depth story was appreciated for its approach that highlighted the cultural practices of this tribe and brought to light its history, which has been long forgotten. Apart from the winning duo, the ceremony also recognized slain Nigerian journalists Zakariya Isa and Kabiru Ahmed Dogo, who were killed in office bombings in Abuja. Their awards were received by their wives on their behalf. The CNN MultiChoice African Journalist Awards is a platform that recognizes and celebrates the best of journalism in Africa. This year's awards saw a total of 38 journalists from 15 African countries being shortlisted for their innovative and cutting-edge journalism. Speaking at the event, Joe Hildebrand, Senior Vice President of Communication at MultiChoice Africa, reiterated the importance of journalism in African society, stating, "Journalists play an essential role in building and shaping our society. They are the storytellers who give a voice to the voiceless." The event was attended by some of the biggest names in African journalism and was a testament to the importance of the media in shaping society. CNN has been partnering with MultiChoice for the awards ceremony for over two decades now. As the world becomes increasingly interconnected, it's important that we continue to see stories from all parts of the globe, particularly those that have long been overlooked. The recognition of the little-known African tribe in India by Mboya and Nyaga is a step in the right direction. Hopefully, the awards will continue to inspire and encourage journalists to keep working on stories that highlight the lesser-known facets of Africa and the world.