article: Primary school children can't cope with cutlery when eating school dinners meaning much of their lunch ends up in the bin, a headteacher has claimed. Keira Ainsworth said the introduction of free school meals for all pupils is causing a huge amount of waste because children are used to nibbling at finger food in front of the television rather than eating at a table. She explained that she and staff at Maids Moreton C of E School in Buckingham are forced to cut up food for more than 50 pupils aged four to eight who are unable to properly use knives and forks. Children can't cope with cutlery because they're used to finger food in front of the TV instead of eating at a table, said a primary school headteacher. File photo . Despite its location in an affluent area, she claims children refuse to eat traditional puddings but some parents expect an organic menu. Ms Ainsworth told The Times: 'We were shocked to discover that children did not know how to use a knife and fork and by the time the two supervisors had cut up 50 roast dinners, the lunches had gone cold. 'The school bursar and myself now cut up the food every day to make sure that it is served hot, acting as two rather overpaid dinner ladies.' She added: 'Modern children are unfamiliar with traditional hot puddings such as apple crumble and custard, and bakewell tart, so much of the food goes in the bin.' Headteacher Keira Ainsworth says staff at Maids Moreton C of E school have to cut up food for the children . The universal school meals project was launched by Nick Clegg at the start of the academic year in 2014 aiming to provide a healthy lunch for all pupils in state-funded schools. Miss Ainsworth said the £1billion scheme was not funded well enough. She explained that as a small school, Maids Moreton received approximately £18,000 but estimated annual costs, including staff, paying suppliers and running an industrial dishwasher, will cost around £32,000. A nearby school was forced to convert its library into a kitchen and another put off the planned purchase of iPads to fund the costs of a new kitchen. In October, David Laws, the Minister of State for Schools said the government was making an additional £20million of capital funding available for projects aimed at enhancing kitchen and dining facilities.
highlights: Staff at Maids Moreton C of E School can't cope with cutlery, says head . Keira Ainsworth says staff cut up food for 50 pupils at affluent school . She adds modern children refuse to eat traditional puddings and much of the meal ends up in the bin . The universal school meals project, which launched this year, is not funded well enough, she adds .
id: 890db94fa61d22653bdfa6146624531cccb8325e
chatgpt: Maids Moreton C of E School in Buckinghamshire, an affluent primary school, is facing difficulties with its cutlery usage. According to the head of the school, Keira Ainsworth, the staff is unable to cope with cutlery, and the majority of the meal is being wasted. Speaking to reporters, Ainsworth said that the school's staff has to cut up food for around 50 pupils at the school. She noted that the modern children refused to eat traditional puddings, leading to much of the meal ending up in the bin. Ainsworth went on to express her concerns about the Universal School Meals project, which launched earlier this year. According to her, the program is not funded well enough, which is further exacerbating the issues faced by staff at the school. The Universal School Meals project is a government initiative aimed at providing free school meals to all children in their first three years of primary school. The program is intended to be a step towards tackling childhood obesity and providing better nutrition to school children. However, Ainsworth's comments suggest that there are wider issues at the school, with children having particular issues around eating meals using cutlery. The situation is further complicated by declining demand for traditional puddings and the fact that the Universal School Meals project is not receiving enough funding, both of which are contributing to a significant amount of waste. Ainsworth's comments have sparked calls for more to be done to ensure that the Universal School Meals project is receiving adequate funding. Students at Maids Moreton C of E School are just some of the many children across the country who are unable to access nutritious meals at school. The government has launched several initiatives aimed at improving the quality of school meals, but there is still much work to be done. Experts suggest that more resources need to be devoted to the delivery of nutritious meals to schools across the country, including proper training for staff and the provision of sufficient cutlery to help children develop good eating habits. In conclusion, the problems faced by staff at Maids Moreton C of E School are just a small part of a much bigger issue. Across the country, children are struggling to access nutritious meals at school, and more needs to be done to ensure that these programs receive the funding and support they need to succeed. Otherwise, we run the risk of having generations of children growing up malnourished and unable to reach their full potential.