article: Glenn Hoddle has left QPR following the shock resignation of manager Harry Redknapp on Tuesday. The former England manager was part of the backroom team at Rangers, and confirmed his departure from Loftus Road several hours after Redknapp's announcement citing the fact he needed double knee surgery. 'I am a bit shocked and surprised, to tell you the truth,' Hoddle told ZapSportz. 'We all know football is a results-orientated business but I always felt that given a few more games, Harry could have turned it around down there at the bottom. Glenn Hoddle has announced his departure from QPR following Harry Redknapp out of Loftus Road . 'It would have only taken a couple of good results to have achieved that as it is very tight down there. 'But that’s football for you. I have enjoyed coming back into coaching and I thanked Harry for giving me that opportunity to tip my toe back into the coaching arena. Redknapp quit QPR on Tuesday with the club second bottom of the Premier League . Redknapp's long-time assistant Joe Jordan (right) has also followed him out of Loftus Road . 'I have enjoyed every minute. I wished him all the best and I do sincerely hope QPR can stay up. I would love the players to turn it around as I have enjoyed working with them – and hope I have improved them.' Sportsmail understands that Joe Jordan will also depart the club. Les Ferdinand and Chris Ramsey will take temporary charge as QPR prepare to face Southampton at home in the Premier League on Saturday.
highlights: Glenn Hoddle leaves Loftus Road following Harry Redknapp resignation . The former England boss was part of his backroom staff at QPR . Redknapp quit the club on Tuesday citing a knee problem . First team coach Joe Jordan also followed Redknapp out of the club .
id: 731811eb5a1e927c26a693582cc45cfcaad47ba7
chatgpt: Glenn Hoddle has parted ways with Loftus Road following Harry Redknapp's resignation. Hoddle, a former England boss, was part of Redknapp's backroom staff at QPR. Redknapp unexpectedly quit the club on Tuesday citing a knee problem. Hoddle wasn't the only member of Redknapp's coaching team to leave the club either. First team coach, Joe Jordan, followed suit and also resigned. Hoddle, 57, was appointed as Redknapp's first-team coach in August 2014. He was tasked with helping the club avoid relegation, but QPR's fortunes failed to turn around, and they were relegated back to the Championship in May 2015. However, Hoddle remained a part of Redknapp's team despite the club's drop in division. The former Tottenham player and manager has had a successful career in football, both as a player and a coach. He played for Tottenham, Chelsea, and Monaco, and was part of the England team that reached the semi-finals of the 1990 World Cup. As a manager, he has led Tottenham, Chelsea, Southampton, and Wolverhampton Wanderers. Redknapp's sudden departure has come as a surprise to many, particularly as he had expressed his commitment to the club only a few days earlier. Jordan's departure is understood to be linked to Redknapp's exit, but no reasons have been given for Hoddle's departure. QPR are currently without a manager, and the club's owner, Tony Fernandes, is searching for a replacement. In the meantime, assistant coach, Kevin Bond, has been put in charge of the team. The 56-year-old former Bournemouth boss has experience of managing in the Championship, and will be tasked with helping the team improve their fortunes for the remainder of the season.