article: By . John Drayton . Zlatan Ibrahimovic took in his first game of the 2014 World Cup as the Paris Saint-Germain star watched Spain crash out with a 2-0 defeat against Chile on Wednesday night. The Swedish striker has been forced to sit the summer tournament out after his national side failed to beat Portugal in their World Cup play-off last year. Ibrahimovic seemed to be hooked on the action while being flanked by PSG president Nasser Al Khelaifi, Laurent Blanc and his son Maxi. VIDEO Scroll down to watch The best of Zlatan . Fan for a day: brahimovic watches Spain vs Chile at the Maracana last week . Look who's here: PSGstriker Zlatan Ibrahimovic poses with World Cup mascot Fuleco after landing in Rio . Summer break: Sweden striker Ibrahimovic couldn't fire his country to the World Cup . The 32-year-old is promoting a new mobile app which will offer, 'A personal insight into Zlatan’s everyday life: football, Paris, the National Team and much more.' The former AC Milan striker was pictured arriving in Rio on Wednesday and posing with the tournament's official mascot Fuleco the Armadillo. It is not yet known whether Ibrahimovic has travelled to South America as a fan or for commercial reasons, although he will have no shortage of team-mates to watch if he decides to take in some more live action. Thiago Silva and new signing David Luiz are both plying their trade for home favourites Brazil, Edinson Cavani will be looking to shoot down England with Uruguay on Thursday and French duo Yohan Cabaye and Blaise Matuidi starred in Les Bleus' opening 3-0 win against Honduras. Marco Verratti and Salvatore Sirigu are looking to progress from Group D with Italy, while Ezequiel Lavezzi is battling the likes of Lionel Messi and Sergio Aguero for a place in Argentina's starting XI. Fans make their point: French supporters hold a banner referring to Ibrahimovic before a match . Missing out: Ibrahimovic and Sweden missed out on a place at the World Cup when they lost to Portugal . Put it there: Ibrahimovic and Cristiano Ronaldo shake hands before the play-off game . VIDEO Sweden v Portugal highlights . Star in France: Ibrahimovic helped PSG win the French title and will be joined next season by David Luiz . Ibrahimovic did everything in his power to fire Sweden to the finals, scoring twice in the second leg of their play-off with Portugal in Stockholm. But the former Barcelona forward was powerless to stop Cristiano Ronaldo netting a hat-trick to seal a 4-2 aggregate win for Paulo Bento's side.
highlights: Zlatan Ibrahimovic watches Spain 0-2 Chile at the the Maracana . PSG striker sits with his son and PSG president Nasser Al Khelaifi . Ibrahimovic has been pictured arriving in Rio . Swede posed with World Cup mascot Fuleco . Sweden lost to Portugal in their World Cup play-off in November .
id: 3a6e18a85f4313892fb8dd9e5a7ecc5d601f4b47
chatgpt: Swedish striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic was spotted in the stands at Maracana Stadium in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, as he watched the World Cup match between Spain and Chile. The Paris Saint-Germain (PSG) player was joined by his son and PSG president Nasser Al Khelaifi as they looked on at the action unfolding on the pitch. Ibrahimovic, who was snapped arriving in Rio earlier this week, also took the opportunity to pose with Fuleco, the official World Cup mascot. The 32-year-old striker has been enjoying some downtime after Sweden's defeat to Portugal in their World Cup play-off in November last year. Although Sweden may not be part of the World Cup finals, the star player continues to make headlines, with his name being linked to a number of top football clubs in Europe. This comes after Ibrahimovic's storming performances in the French Ligue 1, where he scored a staggering 26 goals in 32 appearances last season. With speculation of a move away from PSG intensifying, Ibrahimovic took some time out to watch the World Cup, and the match did not disappoint. Spain, who were the defending champions, went down 2-0 to Chile in a game that saw the Spanish team crash out of the competition. Chile, on the other hand, have progressed to the next round of the tournament. The win was not only celebrated by the Chilean team and supporters, but also by those in the stands, including Ibrahimovic. The Swedish striker has never shied away from expressing his opinions about the game, and it's clear that he was impressed with Chile's performance. Ibrahimovic has previously spoken about his passion for football and his desire to play at the highest level. With offers from some of the biggest clubs in Europe reportedly on the table, it will be interesting to see where the PSG striker will end up for the coming season. But for now, Ibrahimovic will be watching the World Cup from the sidelines, enjoying the performances of some of the world's top footballing nations. As the tournament progresses, football fans from around the world will be looking on with excitement, eager to see which team will ultimately lift the coveted trophy.