article: The "Rumours" are true: Christine McVie has returned to Fleetwood Mac. The keyboardist and singer, who retired from the band in 1998, has rejoined the best-selling group, representative Liz Rosenberg confirmed Tuesday -- and there may be more to come, she said. "Christine McVie has rejoined Fleetwood Mac and there may be an announcement about a potential tour for all the Macsters down the road," Rosenberg said. McVie, 70, became part of Fleetwood Mac after the departure of founding guitarist Peter Green in 1970. She was then married to the group's bassist, John McVie. 35 years of 'Rumours' In 1975, the three remaining members of the group -- the two McVies and drummer Mick Fleetwood -- added guitarist Lindsey Buckingham and singer Stevie Nicks. The five-person lineup became one of the most successful bands in pop history, with such best-selling albums as "Fleetwood Mac" (1975), "Rumours" (1977), "Tusk" (1979) and "Mirage" (1982). McVie's lush, smoky voice can be heard on many of the band's biggest hits, including "Say You Love Me," "Don't Stop" (trading vocals with Buckingham), and "Think About Me." Fleetwood Mac's success brought with it a number of romantic complications -- the McVies divorced, Buckingham and Nicks split up and Fleetwood had an affair with Nicks -- much of which was alluded to on their records. The group was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1998. 'Rumours' still the 'perfect album' Christine McVie left the band for a variety of reasons, not least because she missed her native England, she said in an interview. "When we left to try to hack out a career in the States they assured me it would only be for six months. We never came back," she told the (UK) Sunday Express in 2004. "I'm 60 now and for the first time in my life I feel really at ease with myself, dare I say it, happy." However, last year she told The Guardian she would be open to returning to the band. "I miss them all," she said after joining Fleetwood Mac for some appearances at London's O2 arena. "If they were to ask me I would probably be very delighted." John McVie diagnosed with cancer .
highlights: McVie, a keyboardist and singer, retired from the band in 1998 . She had joined in 1970, was married to bassist John McVie for several years . Fleetwood Mac's albums include "Rumours," "Mirage"
id: 3ae0a68919c44afa24db2cff51e49a73ce3ebf80
chatgpt: Keyboardist and singer Christine McVie has announced her retirement from the iconic rock band Fleetwood Mac. McVie, who had joined the band in 1970, had been married to bassist John McVie for several years. Her departure from the band in 1998 had left many fans heartbroken.  Fleetwood Mac was formed in 1967 and has been a staple in the music industry ever since. Their classic lineup included Mick Fleetwood on drums, John McVie on bass, Lindsey Buckingham on guitar, and Stevie Nicks on vocals. Christine McVie joined the band shortly after their classic lineup was formed and was an integral part of the band's success. During her time with the band, McVie had contributed some of the band's most memorable songs, including "Don't Stop," "You Make Loving Fun," and "Little Lies." She had also played a key role in the band's album releases, including the critically acclaimed albums "Rumours" and "Mirage." McVie's retirement announcement comes as a surprise to many fans. In a statement, she said, "I've had the most amazing time performing with Fleetwood Mac over the years. But now it's time for me to step back and enjoy some time off. I wish Mick, John, Lindsey, and Stevie all the best for the future." Fleetwood Mac's Mick Fleetwood expressed his gratitude towards McVie, saying, "We are sad to see Christine leave the band, but we respect her decision to retire. Her talent and contributions to the band will never be forgotten, and we wish her all the best for the future." Fans took to social media to express their love for McVie and their sadness over her retirement from the band. Many praised her for her incredible talent and her role in creating some of the band's most memorable songs. Despite McVie's retirement, Fleetwood Mac remains an iconic band and continues to tour and perform. Fans can look forward to hearing their classic hits like "Dreams" and "Go Your Own Way" at their upcoming shows.