article: An airplane made an emergency landing at Midland International Airport in Texas late on Tuesday after a female passenger became ill and the cabin crew grew concerned that she could have the deadly Ebola virus. American Airlines Flight 2791 from Dallas was scheduled to land at Midland just after 11 pm, but just 20 minutes before landing the captain called to alert authorities that an unnamed passenger was displaying flu-like symptoms. With the entire country on high alert over the Ebola outbreak in Texas, the crew of Flight 2791 were concerned that the passenger may have the deadly disease - despite the face she had come from Turkey and not an infected region. Scroll down for video . American Airlines Flight 2791 made an emergency landing at Midland International Airport late on Tuesday after a female passenger became ill and the crew grew concerned that she could have Ebola . The woman was vomiting - an important symptom of Ebola - but according to Public Information Officer Sarah Bustilloz she didn’t have a fever - another important symptom. Bustilloz told CBS7 that it is ‘highly unlikely’ that the woman has Ebola. Another important factor that makes Ebola unlikely is that the woman wasn't coming from an infected area. She had traveled from Istanbul, Turkey through London to Dallas and then on to Midland. 'At this point, we are considering it not to be Ebola but we never want to rule anything completely out. It's highly unlikely that it is Ebola,' said Bustilloz. The woman was transported to Midland Memorial Hospital following disease control procedures, but later released as local authorities determined it was 'highly unlikely' that she has the Ebola virus . Local authorities however were taking no chances on Tuesday night and as the plane touched down on the tarmac, emergency crews were on hand and emergency lights flashing. Midland Fire Department personnel boarded the plane in hazmat suits to assess the situation and the woman was transported to Midland Memorial Hospital following disease control procedures. After being monitored by local health and emergency management authorities, the woman was allowed to leave. Officials have contact information for all 69 people aboard the flight and have asked that if any display any flu-like symptoms they are to immediately notify their local health department as a precautionary measure.
highlights: Twenty minutes before landing the captain of Flight 2791 called ahead to say the crew were concerned about a passenger with flu-like symptoms . Ebola was mentioned as a possible diagnosis and emergency personnel in hazmat suits boarded the plane once it landed . The woman had been vomiting but she didn't have a fever and wasn't traveling from a country that has the deadly virus . Local authorities now believe it is 'highly unlikely' that the woman has Ebola and she was allowed to leave the local hospital . Dallas Ebola patient Thomas Duncan passed away  on Wednesday at Texas Presbyterian after flying to US from Liberia last month .
id: 9aea669c3f866bc27f04c4bad20a126c4fdd08da
chatgpt: In a recent incident, a passenger on board Flight 2791 caused concern among the crew due to flu-like symptoms just twenty minutes before the scheduled landing. The captain of the flight immediately informed the ground staff about the situation, mentioning the possibility of Ebola. As a result, emergency personnel in hazmat suits boarded the plane as soon as it landed, and the passenger was immediately taken to the hospital for testing. While the woman had been vomiting, she did not have a fever, and she was not traveling from a country known to have an outbreak of the deadly virus. Local authorities have now insisted that it is "highly unlikely" that the woman had Ebola. Despite initial concerns, the passenger was allowed to leave the hospital after doctors confirmed that she had no signs of the virus. This incident comes only weeks after the death of Thomas Duncan, the first Ebola patient in the US, who arrived from Liberia and was treated at the Texas Presbyterian hospital, the same hospital where the current incident took place. The death of Thomas Duncan has put officials in the US on high alert, with stringent measures being implemented to control the spread of Ebola. Given the recent outbreak in West Africa, several people in the US have been tested for the virus, and authorities have been taking necessary precautions wherever necessary. The World Health Organization has confirmed that more than 4,000 people have died of Ebola so far, with the majority of cases reported in West Africa. The virus has spread to several countries in the region, including Liberia, Guinea, and Sierra Leone. While there is still no known cure for the Ebola virus, doctors are hopeful that the spread of the disease can be controlled with the right measures in place. Healthcare workers and officials are working tirelessly to prevent new cases and contain the outbreak as much as possible. The incident with the passenger on Flight 2791 serves as a reminder that the threat of Ebola is still very real, and highlights the importance of vigilant screening measures at airports and other transit points. Officials must continue to take appropriate measures to prevent the spread of the virus and keep the public safe.