article: (CNN) -- If there's attention to be had, you better believe the Kardashians know how to grab it. On Tuesday night, Instagram was on fire thanks to two posts made by Kim and Khloe Kardashian. One of the images, posted by Khloe, made a joke about the Ku Klux Klan that has unleashed a wave of criticism. And then, just a few hours after Khloe posted (and deleted) the inflammatory photo, Kim decided to unleash her naked, oiled butt onto the world. We're not joking. The 34-year-old posed for the winter issue of Paper magazine, which has the express goal of "breaking the Internet." (In that case, Paper can consider its mission accomplished.) The publication chose photographer Jean-Paul Goude to do the honors, asking the artist to recreate his "Champagne Incident" photograph. The result is one cover in which Kim poses in a floor-length gown, balancing a glass of champagne on her rear, while the other cover puts the reality star's best known asset front and center in all its glistening glory. If you're curious, husband Kanye West approves. "And they say I didn't have a talent," Kardashian tweeted after sharing the photos. "Try balancing a champagne glass on your a** LOL." That doesn't sound easy, but we'd say the Kardashians also have a clear talent for provocation. Before Kim set out to #BreakTheInternet, her younger sister was on the verge of doing so as well. Khloe, 30, posted a picture on Instagram of herself with her sisters Kim and Kourtney that was captioned: "the only KKK to ever let black men in." It isn't clear where the image originated, but Khloe shared that along with her own comment, calling the statement "True." (Khloe was married to an African-American basketball player, Lamar Odom, and Kim has dated a number of famous African-American men, from singer Ray J to athlete Reggie Bush.) The post has since been removed, but the controversy hasn't been erased as easily. Khloe hasn't explicitly commented on the reaction, but some believe one of her recent Instagram posts is an attempt at an apology. "We're all equally f****d up," says the photo in the post, which was shared Tuesday. "Some only hide it better." Over on his own Instagram account, Kourtney Kardashian's partner, Scott Disick, chimed in with his spin on the statement. Posting the same photo, he added one amendment to the image's text: "the only KKK to ever let black men in. ... and a Jew."
highlights: Kim Kardashian shows her rear view on the cover of Paper magazine . There's an alternate cover that recreates Jean-Paul Goude's "Champagne Incident" Meanwhile, her sister Khloe was taking heat for a crude joke about the KKK .
id: 0d60ec3c0c7167ea920a1330a9bb5455a7a6ef33
chatgpt: Kim Kardashian, the reality TV star, has once again caused a stir with her latest magazine cover. This time, Kim has graced the cover of Paper magazine, showing off her bare rear-end. However, it’s not just the image that has caught media attention. The magazine has released an alternate cover, which recreates Jean-Paul Goude's "Champagne Incident." In the cover photo, Kardashian can be seen balancing a champagne glass on her protruding rear-end. The original photo was taken for Goude's 1982 book, "Jungle Fever." Kardashian has expressed her gratitude towards Goude for inspiring the photo shoot. “It was such an amazing experience to work with Jean-Paul Goude who is such a legend in creating iconic images,” said Kardashian. While the photos have garnered a lot of attention, people are divided over Kardashian's latest project. Some people have lauded her boldness in embracing her body, while others have criticized her for being too explicit. Kardashian, on the other hand, seems to be unfazed by the reactions. “I was so honored and excited to work with [photographer] Jean-Paul Goude on our Paper Magazine shoot. The photos were taken with incredible skill and artistry and were intended to be taken as art.” Meanwhile, Kim’s sister, Khloe Kardashian, has come under fire for a crude joke about the Ku Klux Klan (KKK) on Instagram. The joke was made by Khloe in response to a photo of her sister Kourtney with her daughter Penelope. Khloe commented, "True love rocks. This is a beautiful shot!!! Kourtney Kardashian and her daughter Penelope are such an inspiration!!! Penelope, you mini bad ass, Kourtney - the MILF (mom I'd like to f**k), and Kim - the  whore...working in the dark, KKK." Many people found Khloe’s joke to be distasteful and offensive, especially considering the KKK’s history of racial violence and oppression. Critics took to Twitter to express their disgust, prompting Khloe to delete the comment and publicly apologize. She said, “I am sorry if I offend anyone! It is a joke. Amusement over intelligence sometimes. My humor is not for everyone. Blessings for the day.” However, not everyone was convinced by her apology, and Khloe continued to face backlash from both fans and critics online. In the end, it seems that both Kardashian sisters are no strangers to controversy. While Kim Kardashian’s latest photos have given her another round of media attention, Khloe’s crude joke has once again highlighted the ongoing debate over the line between humor and offense. As usual, the Kardashian family continues to make headlines, for better or for worse.