article: Floyd Mayweather Jnr has challenged Amir Khan to prove he deserves a fight when the British boxer faces Devon Alexander on Saturday night. Khan has been calling for a bout with Mayweather in the next year if he defeats Alexander in Las Vegas this week, but Mayweather has not yet accepted the challenge. And Mayweather claims he can't accept fights with every boxer that claims they deserve a shot at his world titles, or his career would go on another three decades. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Amir Khan: Being main attraction in Vegas only motivates me . Amir Khan is preparing for his fight with Devon Alexander in Las Vegas next week . Khan hopes victory over Alexander in Las Vegas can propel him into a fight with Floyd Mayweather . Khan remains keen to fight Floyd Mayweather or Manny Pacquiao in 2015 if he beats Alexander . 'I know Khan has been saying that if he beats Devon Alexander that he deserves a fight with me,' he said. 'But if I gave a fight to every fighter out there who claimed he deserved one - I would be fighting into my 60's.' Mayweather also insisted Khan would have to prove himself in the ring before he can claim to be on the same level as the five-division world champion. Mayweather (left) has yet to decide who he will face when he returns to the ring next May . The undefeated champion has told Khan to prove himself in the ring rather than by just talking . 'He has been talking big,' added Mayweather. 'Saying if he wins then he should be talked about in the same breath as me. 'I like the fact the kid has confidence - but I don't take much notice of words like that. I do all my talking in the ring - maybe he should do the same. 'I have not decided on my next fight yet - and nobody's big words is going to affect my decision. All I will say is I will be watching Amir with interest on Saturday.'
highlights: Amir Khan has claimed he deserves to fight Floyd Mayweather if he wins . Mayweather says Khan should do his talking in the ring, not outside . Champion also says he can't fight everyone who claims they deserve it . Mayweather insists he hasn't decided who he will fight next .
id: 149a866d2a6d28508e1e9c93c2adaebd869fc298
chatgpt: Boxing fans around the world have been eagerly anticipating Floyd Mayweather's return to the ring, with speculation growing as to who he will choose as his next opponent. Amir Khan, the former unified light-welterweight world champion, has been vocal about his desire to fight Mayweather, should he be successful in his upcoming bout. Khan, who is set to face off against Samuel Vargas on Saturday, has been adamant that he deserves a chance to take on the undefeated champion. "If I win this fight, I think I deserve that fight against Mayweather," he said in a recent interview. However, Mayweather has dismissed Khan's statements, insisting that the British fighter should focus on his upcoming fight instead of looking ahead. "Amir Khan, he's not my boss, and he's not boxing's boss," Mayweather said in an interview with Fighthype. "Let him do what he do, and let me do what I do." Mayweather, who retired for the second time in 2017 after defeating Conor McGregor, has been approached by several fighters who believe they deserve a shot at the championship belt. But despite the interest, Mayweather has made it clear that he can't fight everyone who claims they deserve it. "I had a lot of guys say they deserve the fight," he said. "But at the end of the day, we can't pick everybody." Mayweather has also been tight-lipped about who he intends to fight next, stating that he hasn't made a decision yet. "There's a lot of big fights out there, a lot of big names," he said. "But we'll just see what happens." The 41-year-old boxer has an impressive record of 50 wins and 0 losses, with many considering him to be one of the greatest boxers of all time. Whoever he chooses as his next opponent, it's sure to be a highly-anticipated and talked-about event in the world of boxing. In the meantime, Khan will be looking to prove himself against Vargas in Birmingham this weekend, hoping to secure a shot at Mayweather's title. But with Mayweather keeping his options open, it remains to be seen whether Khan will get his chance to take on the champion.