article: By . Andrew Levy . Most new graduates lack even the basic skills needed for the workplace, complain major employers. More than two-thirds of bosses said they cannot handle customers while half said they cannot operate independently. Half of companies said university leavers struggle with basic English and nearly two-fifths claim they  cannot do simple maths. 'Superfluous: The Business Secretary pointed out professions where degrees do not seem to be of use . Many firms said jobseekers expected to ‘get rich quick’ after being ‘damaged’ by the instant fame culture created by reality TV and  talent shows. Employers also complained that graduates were more interested in ‘what a job can do for them, not what they have to offer an employer’. Deloitte, HSBC, BT and Tesco, as well as the Department for Business, Innovation and Skills, were among 127 employers surveyed. More than half were having difficulty filling vacancies and most will spend more on training to bring recruits up to standard. But the research commissioned by BPP, which trains professionals, added that 91 per cent of firms were happy with applicants’ IT skills. John Cridland, director-general of the Confederation of British Industry, said schools had become ‘conveyor belts’ with too little emphasis on wider skills and attitudes. Lacking: The survey of 127 employers, included companies such as Tesco, and it found that many graduates lack basic skills . He said: ‘Rigorous standards are vital but there’s been too little emphasis on the wider skills and attitudes that employers demand. ‘Instead of trying to push students over the grade C line at GCSE, we need a system which prizes rounded and grounded young people.’ And Dr Adam Marshall, director of policy at the British Chambers of Commerce, said broadening the workforce’s skills was a ‘priority’. ‘Businesses tell us they lack confidence in our education system’s ability to deliver basic literacy and numeracy skills,’ he added. ‘But employers also want to see young people with a strong worth ethic, and “softer” skills like timekeeping, and communication, which are fundamental in the work environment. ‘It’s essential that when young people leave the education system they have at least the basic skills that employers need.’ BPP chief executive Carl Lygo said the poll showed employers were looking for reliable staff who could immediately make a contribution to their business. ‘It seems that graduates and apprentices are keen and IT literate but that’s not enough. They need to be ready for the real world of work,’ he said.… .
highlights: Survey of 127 bosses including BT, Tesco and Department for Busines . More than two-thirds of bosses said graduates cannot handle customers . Many of them expect to 'get rich quick' after being 'damaged' by fame culture .
id: 4db3abea468f45ed408de95640af459ab2d468aa
chatgpt: A new survey of 127 bosses from various industries, including big names like BT, Tesco, and the Department for Business, Innovation and Skills, has revealed a worrying trend among young graduates. More than two-thirds of these bosses reported that they believe graduates lack the necessary skills to handle customer interactions. This is especially concerning considering the fact that good customer service is essential to the success of any business. The bosses also expressed concern over the perception that many young graduates have of the workplace. According to the survey, many young employees expect to "get rich quick" and achieve success without putting in the hard work and dedication that is required to be successful in the business world. This attitude has been attributed to the pervasive "fame culture" that permeates modern media and popular culture. Many young people have been led to believe that success and fame are easily attainable and that hard work is unnecessary. This can be especially damaging in the workplace, where dedication and hard work are key to advancement and success. The survey results highlight a worrying trend that must be addressed if young graduates are to have successful and fulfilling careers. Employers must work to provide adequate training and support to help new employees develop the skills they need to interact with customers and succeed in the workplace. It is also important for young graduates to recognize the value of hard work and dedication. Success is not handed to anyone on a silver platter, and those who are willing to put in the hard work and effort required are much more likely to achieve success in the long run. Overall, the survey results should serve as a wake-up call to both employers and young graduates alike. It is essential for everyone to work together to create an environment in which young employees can learn and grow, and where hard work and dedication are valued and rewarded. Only then can we hope to create a business culture that is sustainable and successful in the long term.