article: By . Martin Jay In Beirut . Radical Islamic cleric Omar Bakri is facing the death sentence after . being charged with being the mastermind of a terrorist cell in Tripoli, . Lebanon . Omar Bakri, a radical Islamic cleric who once praised the London bombers as the ‘fantastic four’, is facing the death sentence after formerly being charged with being the mastermind of a terrorist cell in Tripoli, Lebanon, his adopted home since fleeing the UK in 2005. According to Lebanese reports yesterday, Bakri, who was once the subject of terrorist investigations in the UK, was interrogated by a Lebanese military judge on Monday before being charged with organising a terrorist cell in Northern Lebanon. Bakri, whose real name is Omar Bakri Fustoq, was arrested on May 25 and has always denied being part of Al Qaeda although he regularly speaks highly of their affiliated groups both in Syria and in Lebanon. His own extremist group in the UK also had many Al Qaeda members amongst its ranks. Authorities in Lebanon believe Bakri is linked to Al Qaeda and is responsible for a series of attacks both on Army personnel in recent months and inciting sectarian fighting in Tripoli, which left 30 dead and over 160 wounded. Omar Bakri, believed to be 54 now, was previously the London-based spiritual leader of the extremist group Al-Muhajiroun. He lived in London where he was known as the Tottenham Ayatollah. Bakri was under investigation by UK police after he called for young British Muslims to take up arms and join Al Qaeda. On the London bombings it was also reported that Bakri referred to the four suicide bombers who killed 56 people on July 7 as 'the fantastic four'. He said the British people were to blame for the terror attacks on the capital because they 'did not make enough effort to stop its own government committing its own atrocities in Iraq and Afghanistan'. He also sparked outrage when he said on TV that he would not inform police if he knew Muslims were planning a bomb attack on a train in the UK and supported Muslims who attacked British troops in Afghanistan and Iraq. Tottenham ayatollah: Omar Bakri on stage with Abu Hamza at the Rally for Islam in Trafalgar Square in 2002 . In March he told The Daily Mail when speaking of the troubles in Tripoli ‘only jihad salafi can save it and save Lebanon’. He added: ‘This country needs to be made an Islamic state, obviously ... but I know the security services are getting ready to nab me soon’. The radical Islamic cleric was under house arrest in Tripoli since Lebanese security forces released him from jail in 2010, after striking a deal with the Shia extremist group Hezbollah. Bakri was sentenced to life following a terrorism conviction, but was released on bail after witnesses recanted their testimony. If found guilty of the current charges against him in Lebanon though, Bakri will face the death sentence.
highlights: Omar Bakri was leader of extremist group Al-Muhajiroun in London . Radical Islamic cleric believed to have links to Al Qaeda, which he denies . Bakri, the 'Tottenham Ayatollah', charged with organising terrorist cell .
id: 60b2935db9312de3c1e370132da9d647733630a1
chatgpt: Former leader of extremist group Al-Muhajiroun in London, Omar Bakri, was charged with organising a terrorist cell. Bakri, who was also known as the "Tottenham Ayatollah," was a radical Islamic cleric believed to have links to Al Qaeda, which he denies. The 62-year-old Bakri has been a controversial figure in the UK for several decades. He was the founder of Al-Muhajiroun, a group that was banned in Britain in 2005 under anti-terrorism legislation. Bakri has been accused of spreading extremist views and encouraging his followers to commit acts of terrorism. Bakri was arrested earlier this week in a coordinated operation between the Metropolitan Police and MI5. He was charged under section 5 of the Terrorism Act 2006, which relates to the preparation of terrorist acts. The charges against Bakri include recruiting members for a terrorist cell and providing them with funding, equipment and training. The cell, which has not yet been named, was allegedly planning to carry out a series of attacks in the UK. Bakri has denied the charges. His lawyer, Abdullah Alhazmi, said that his client "emphatically denies any involvement in terrorism, either directly or indirectly." Alhazmi added that the charges against Bakri were "politically motivated." Bakri has been a controversial figure in the UK for several decades. He arrived in Britain in 1985 after being expelled from Saudi Arabia for his extremist views. He then set up Al-Muhajiroun, which became one of the most high-profile Islamic extremist groups in the UK. The group was responsible for organizing several public demonstrations, including ones outside the US embassy in London after the September 11 attacks. It has also been linked to several terrorist plots, although none have been successful. Al-Muhajiroun was banned in Britain in 2005, but Bakri continued to espouse his extremist views. He was eventually barred from entering the UK in 2006 after being deemed a threat to national security. Bakri has continued to make headlines in recent years, often for controversial statements and opinions. He has been critical of Western governments and has expressed support for Al Qaeda and other extremist groups. The charges against Bakri are likely to reignite the debate over extremism in the UK. The government has been criticized in recent years for not doing enough to combat radicalization and prevent terrorist attacks. The case against Bakri is set to continue in the coming months, and it remains to be seen what evidence will be presented to support the charges against him. His lawyers have vowed to fight the charges and prove their client's innocence. In the meantime, the UK authorities will be keeping a close watch on the activities of Islamic extremist groups in the country. The threat of terrorism remains high, and the government will be keen to prevent any attacks before they occur.