article: Former Cardiff City midfielder Gary Medel required mouth surgery after being elbowed by Ricardo Cruzado and losing two teeth during Chile's 3-0 victory over Peru. Medel scored for Chile before the clash with Cruzado towards the end of the first half, which earned the Peruvian a red card in a game that also saw QPR loan signing Eduardo Vargas net a brace. The Inter Milan enforcer was left spitting blood after having one tooth knocked out and another broken - while he also required stitches in his tongue to stem the bleeding. Gary Medel was left spitting blood after having two teeth broken by Ricardo Cruzado's elbow . Former Cardiff City midfielder scored during Chile's 3-0 victory over Peru in an international friendly . 'One less tooth and another broken in a 'friendly' game,' wrote Medel on Twitter. 'Thank you all for your concern.' A statement by team doctor Giovanni Carcuro said: 'As soon as the match had finished, (Medel) had an urgent dental operation to resolve his situation.' VIDEO Scroll down to see Vargas take to the stage during his QPR initiation . Peru had marginally the better of the opening 20 minutes but striker Paolo Guerrero missed a penalty before Vargas put the home side ahead in the 27th. With Arsenal forward Alexis Sanchez in good form, the hosts controlled the rest of the match and Vargas struck again with a fine volley in the 53rd minute. QPR loan signing Eduardo Vargas (L) ceebrates after scoring a brace during the game in Valparaiso, Chile . Arsenal forward Alexis Sanchez continued his impressive form for his country . 'We dominated a lot and maybe we need to keep improving in how we finish moves because we might have got a bigger result,' Chile coach Jorge Sampaoli told reporters. Chile, who impressed at the World Cup and only narrowly lost to hosts Brazil in the last 16, are preparing to hold the Copa America next year. They host another friendly against Bolivia in Coquimbo on Tuesday. Captain and goalkeeper Claudio Bravo became Chile's most capped player in his 85th international, surpassing 1962 World Cup striker Leonel Sanchez. Barcelona keeper Claudio Bravo (C) won his record 85th international cap .
highlights: Gary Medel required mouth surgery after an elbow from Ricardo Cruzado . Former Cardiff midfielder scored in Chile's 3-0 friendly win over Peru . QPR loanee Eduardo Vargas netted a brace and Alexis Sanchez starred . Claudio Bravo became Chile's most capped player on his 85th appearance .
id: 2839ad1410a28fa65f6977ae272cc0405a7e4c31
chatgpt: Chile's 3-0 victory over Peru in a friendly match on Friday was marred by an injury to Gary Medel. The former Cardiff midfielder required mouth surgery after getting hit by Ricardo Cruzado's elbow in the second half. Despite the setback, Chile went on to dominate the match with Eduardo Vargas scoring a brace and Alexis Sanchez putting in a star performance. Vargas opened the scoring in the 20th minute with a well-placed shot past the Peruvian goalkeeper. Sanchez, who was playing in his 144th game for La Roja, had a number of chances to score but was denied by the Peruvian defence. Vargas doubled Chile's lead in the 34th minute with a clinical finish after a well-worked move from the midfield. The QPR loanee has been in good form for Chile recently, having scored four goals in his last three appearances for the national team. Sanchez continued to pull the strings for Chile in the second half, creating several chances for his teammates. The Arsenal forward was eventually substituted in the 70th minute for Cristian Cuevas. Chile's third goal came in the 77th minute, with Vargas turning provider for Alexis Sanchez. The Manchester United forward made no mistake from close range, slotting the ball past the Peruvian goalkeeper. Despite the comprehensive victory, the Chilean team will be worried about the injury to Medel. The experienced defender has been a key player for Chile over the years and his presence will be missed in the upcoming World Cup qualifiers. On a positive note, goalkeeper Claudio Bravo became Chile's most capped player on his 85th appearance for the national team. The Manchester City shot-stopper had a relatively quiet game, but will be pleased to have broken the record previously held by Alexis Sanchez. Chile will now turn their attention to their upcoming World Cup qualifying matches against Argentina and Venezuela. The victory over Peru will give the team a confidence boost, but they will need to be at their best if they are to secure their place in next year's tournament.