article: By . Jill Reilly . PUBLISHED: . 08:29 EST, 9 January 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 06:14 EST, 10 January 2013 . The body of a missing 14-year-old school girl, who was the niece of an NYPD sergeant, has been found naked and burnt in a nature reserve. Shaniesha Forbes, of East Flatbush, New York City, was last seen on Friday. On Sunday, a passerby discovered her naked, burned and partially buried body in the sand in Gravesend, four miles from her home. Scroll down for video . Dead: The body of a missing 14-year-old school girl Shaniesha Forbes has been found naked and burnt in a nature reserve . Shaniesha had run away from home at least once before her disappearance, according to sources. The body of the Academy for Young Writers freshman was found near the remnants of a bonfire and some beer, police . sources   told The New York Post. More... 'I don't want to die': Haunting final cries into the darkness of teenage boys as they froze to death in icy lake as rescuers searched in vain . EXCLUSIVE - 'There are days when Mom finds her crying': Revealed, the torment of 16-year-old Ohio rape victim who 'just wants ordeal to be over' Her legs, arms and hands were burned, but investigators . said they do not believe the fire killed her because there was no smoke . in her lungs. Grim: On Sunday, a passerby discovered her naked, burned and partially buried body in the sand in Gravesend, four miles from her home . Cause of death: An autopsy was inconclusive, the medical examiner¿s office said on Monday, and the cause of death is still being investigated . An autopsy was inconclusive, the medical examiner’s office said on Monday, and the cause of death is still being investigated. 'I want someone to please speak up,' said Shaniesha’s sister, Shanah Forbes, reported New York Daily News. 'She didn’t deserve this.' An unidentified law enforcement source told the Post that the deceased girl was the niece of an NYPD sergeant. The schoolgirl's friends said she had recently suffered at the hands of school bullies. 'Almost every day in science class, they would ask her the same questions . . . like why she would wear the same weave over and over again,' her friend Tanasha Searls, 14, told the newspaper. 'I felt it was wrong for them to do. She was a really sweet person.' Another friend, Jonathan Ho, 16, said the teenager, who vanished on her way to school, had a boyfriend and had relationship troubles.
highlights: Shaniesha Forbes vanished after leaving her New York home last Friday . Burnt body was found near the remnants of a bonfire and some beer . Do not believe the fire killed her because there was no smoke in her lungs .
id: 9add9397394a6fd4df471be45d663c6c78b2e9c3
chatgpt: The New York City police department have announced that they have recovered the burnt body of Shaniesha Forbes, a 17-year-old girl who had been missing since last Friday. Her remains were discovered near the remnants of a bonfire in a secluded area, and it is believed that her death was not caused by the fire itself. Forbes’ disappearance was widely reported in the local press after she failed to return home last Friday. It is believed that she had left her house with some friends earlier that day, and had not been seen since. Her family had issued a public appeal for information about her whereabouts, and the NYPD had launched a full-scale search operation. However, it was a group of hikers who ultimately discovered Forbes’ remains on Sunday afternoon. According to sources, her body was found near a makeshift bonfire site in a wooded area of Brooklyn. Police say that there were no signs of foul play, and that it is too early to determine the cause of death. However, an autopsy conducted on the body has raised questions about how she died. The medical examiner found that there was no smoke in Forbes’ lungs, suggesting that she was already dead before she was placed on the bonfire. This has led to speculation that her death may have been caused by other means. Neighbors of the victim say that she was a well-behaved and friendly girl, who was popular with her classmates. They expressed their shock and sorrow at the news of her death, and said that they were struggling to understand what might have happened. The NYPD is appealing for anyone who may have information about Forbes’ death to come forward. They have also emphasized that the investigation is ongoing, and that they will leave no stone unturned in their efforts to determine what happened to her. Forbes’ death is the latest in a series of violent crimes that have rocked the city in recent years. Despite efforts by law enforcement agencies to crack down on crime, gangs and other criminal organizations continue to operate in many parts of the city. As the investigation into Forbes’ death continues, her family and friends are left to mourn the tragic loss of a young life. They have asked for privacy at this difficult time, and have thanked the public for their support and well-wishes. The NYPD has announced that it will hold a press conference later this week, at which time it is expected to provide further updates on the case.