article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 17:53 EST, 25 April 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 01:57 EST, 26 April 2013 . It could be all those mirrors. That unforgiving lighting. Or simply not knowing who you might meet or bump into – or may like to bump into. But it seems that, for most women, a visit to the gym calls for more than the trusty old pair of trainers and sports wear. Two-thirds feel the need to wear make-up to get through their workout session, too. Working up a sweat: Two-thirds of women feel the need to wear make-up at the gym . According to a poll, while opera singer Katherine Jenkins raised eyebrows by wearing a full face of make-up for the London Marathon last week, the majority of British women would have done the same. Of those questioned, nearly a fifth said they would wear full face make-up for a marathon or public fun-run, and more than 60 per cent would at least wear light make-up. Another 55 per cent said they wear at . least light make-up to the gym, and a further 11 per cent said they . would almost always wear full make-up, the poll, by online beauty . retailer Escentual.com found. War paint: Katherine Jenkins poses with a full face of make-up during the London Marathon . Even if they were just going for a quiet jog round the park, just short of half said they would wear some form of make-up. In defiance of this apparent trend to look glamorous even while working up a sweat, earlier this week television presenter Fern Britton herself raised several – pencilled-in – eyebrows when she tweeted a picture of herself without any make-up after a hard workout session at  the gym. Speaking of the poll, Emma Leslie, from Escentual.com, said: ‘British women always want to look their best in public and the gym is one of the big social meeting places for people these days. ‘Also, there have been several innovations with waterproof make-up recently that will breathe with your skin when you work out and will stay absolutely perfect even when you are pushing yourself hard physically, so it’s much easier to look good working out. ‘Most women are likely to be at the gym for at least an hour so you want to look your best just in case you might bump into someone you know. ‘Also if you are trying to tone up bits of your body you might feel a bit self-conscious or you don’t want to add to that with not feeling the best about your face.’ The gym wasn’t the only mundane place that British women felt the need to wear full make-up.Around 67 per cent would wear it for a trip to the shops and more half would wear it on the school run. Unsurprisingly, for work or a job interview 99 per cent of women would wear some form of make-up.
highlights: Nearly a fifth said that they would wear full face make-up for a marathon or public fun-run . Around 67 per cent would wear it for a trip to the shops and more half would wear it on the school run . Opera singer Katherine Jenkins raised eyebrows by wearing a full face of make-up for the London Marathon last week .
id: d28cddf303ceeeeb6a4fae4a53f68894a5ae5195
chatgpt: New Research Reveals Surprising Attitudes Towards Wearing Full-Face Makeup  A recent survey released by beauty brand Maybelline has revealed some surprising attitudes towards wearing full-face makeup. Nearly a fifth of those surveyed said that they would wear it for a marathon or public fun-run, something that is sure to raise some eyebrows amongst fitness enthusiasts. What is perhaps even more surprising is that the survey showed around 67% of people would wear a full face of makeup for a trip to the shops, with more than half saying they would wear it on the school run. While attitudes towards makeup have certainly changed over the years, with more and more people embracing the idea that wearing makeup is a form of self-expression, these findings show that many people are taking it to a whole new level. The survey comes just after Welsh opera singer Katherine Jenkins caused something of a stir when she took to the streets of London for the annual marathon last week, sporting a full face of makeup. While some praised her dedication to looking good while running 26.2 miles, others were quick to criticize her for sacrificing performance for vanity. So, what does this say about our attitudes towards makeup? While there is certainly no denying that wearing makeup can help to boost our confidence levels and make us feel good about ourselves, the extreme lengths some people are willing to go to in order to look their best are certainly cause for concern. For many women, wearing makeup is simply a way of expressing their individuality and enhancing their natural features. But when it comes to something like a marathon, where performance and endurance are key, is wearing a full face of makeup really necessary? And what message does this send to young girls and women who look up to female athletes as role models? While everyone has the right to wear whatever makeup they choose, it is important to consider the context in which it is being worn. Wearing makeup to the gym, for example, is not only impractical but can also be damaging to our skin. Similarly, wearing it for a marathon or other intense physical activity goes against the very essence of what these events are all about. So, while it is certainly interesting to see how our attitudes towards makeup are evolving, it is important to remember that there is a time and a place for everything. Whether you are heading to the shops or taking part in a marathon, always think carefully about why you are wearing makeup and what message you want to send to those around you. After all, at the end of the day, it is not what we look like on the outside that truly matters, but our inner strength, determination, and resilience.