article: (CNN) -- First the Black Keys' Patrick Carney lit into Justin Bieber. Now he's taking on U2. The outspoken drummer, who said a few months ago that Bieber "should be grateful that he has a f****** career in music," did not mince words when talking about the release of U2's latest, "Songs of Innocence," as a free download from iTunes. The album's distribution "devalued their music completely," Carney told The Seattle Times. It "sends a huge mixed message to bands ... that are just struggling to get by. I think that they were thinking it's super generous of them to do something like that." The U2 album was automatically downloaded into more than 500 million iTunes folders upon release September 9 -- pleasing some fans but angering others who didn't want the album in the first place. Bono later apologized for the inconvenience. "I'm sorry about that," Bono said in a question-and-answer video posted this week on the band's Facebook page. "I had this beautiful idea, but (we) got carried away with ourselves. Artists are prone to that kind of thing. A drop of megalomania, a touch of generosity, a dash of self-promotion and deep fear that these songs, that we poured our life into over the last few years, mightn't be heard." Bono apologizes for free iTunes album . Apple observed that the album had been fully downloaded 26 million times and that 81 million people had listened to at least one song. Carney also defended the Keys' choice not to put their last two albums on Spotify. Artists aren't being fairly compensated, he said. (Cracker's David Lowery has made the same point about Pandora.) "My whole thing about music is: If somebody's making money then the artist should be getting a fair cut of it," Carney said. Presumably referring to Spotify co-founder Sean Parker, he added, "The owner of Spotify is worth something like 3 billion dollars ... he's richer than Paul McCartney and he's 30 and he's never written a song." CNN's Doug Gross contributed to this report.
highlights: Patrick Carney is unhappy that U2 gave away "Songs of Innocence" for free . Distribution method "devalued their music completely," he said . "Innocence" was released to 500 million iTunes subscribers at once . Carney also had words for streaming services such as Spotify .
id: 11b68770c0e77cb399a4f1862e0073b811024819
chatgpt: Patrick Carney, the drummer for rock band The Black Keys, has made a public statement expressing his dissatisfaction with U2's decision to give away their album "Songs of Innocence" for free. In an interview with Rolling Stone magazine, Carney said that the release strategy "devalued their music completely." "Artists should be paid for their work," Carney stated. "When you make something available for free, you're saying that it's worth nothing. And that's not the message we want to send as musicians." U2's "Songs of Innocence" was released in 2014 to 500 million iTunes subscribers all at once. While the decision generated a lot of buzz, it was also met with criticism. Many fans were upset that the album was automatically added to their music libraries without their consent. Carney isn't the only musician to speak out against the practice of giving away music for free. In recent years, artists such as Taylor Swift, Prince, and Thom Yorke have all taken a stand against streaming services that don't adequately compensate musicians for their work. "You're not going to see The Black Keys on Spotify," Carney said in the Rolling Stone interview. "We're not interested in devaluing our music in that way. We want people to know that what we create has value." The issue of compensation for musicians has become increasingly relevant in the digital age. With streaming services dominating the market and record sales on the decline, many artists are struggling to make a living from their music. Carney's comments on U2's release strategy may not sit well with all music fans. However, they do raise important questions about the value of creative work and the responsibilities of both artists and consumers in this changing industry.