article: (CNN) -- An oil spill that prompted evacuations from one of Thailand's most popular tourist spots threatens the country's tourism and fishing industries, Thailand's deputy prime minister has warned, amid concerns about the long-term effects of the leak. Deputy Prime Minister Plodprasop Suraswadi said his country was ill-equipped to properly contain the leak, and authorities should seek assistance from neighboring countries such as Singapore, if necessary. He made the comments Tuesday during a trip to Mozambique, according to Thai government spokesman Teerat Ratanasevi's Twitter page. PTT Global Chemical, Thailand's largest petrochemical producer, admitted a leak had occurred after the waters at Ao Phrao (Phrao Bay) on the popular tourist island of Koh Samet were blackened with oil on Sunday, prompting evacuations of tourists. The company admitted that an estimated 50,000 liters of crude oil had leaked from an offshore pipeline around the area of Rayong's Map Ta Phut deep sea port Saturday. The company's president, Bowon Vongsinudom, told CNN Tuesday that he did not know how the leak had occurred. "That needs a lot of investigation," he said. "It should not happen at all... anyhow, it already happened therefore we need a lot of investigation by experts." He said the clean-up, which also involved the efforts of the Royal Thai Navy and volunteers, was progressing well. "We can see developments which is much better. We can see now the white water." But Greenpeace has said the clean-up efforts are just beginning, and the long-term impacts of the oil were yet to be appreciated. Vongsinudom's account was "not the complete picture," said Greenpeace Thailand's program manager Ply Pirom. "We want to know the real impact of the oil leak, and a comprehensive investigation of the environmental impact is needed." The clean-up effort had relied heavily on spraying the oil with dispersant, which made it sink below the water -- out of sight, but potentially harming marine life. "It's now under the sea, which will create a long term impact." One Thai academic believes the leak could up to twice the size of that admitted by PTT Global Chemical. Somporn Chuai-Aree, a professor of mathematics and computer science at Songklanakarin University, estimated the true size of the leak "could be from 75,000 liters up to 100,000 liters." "We have to try to get a good estimate of the size of the leak, because it will affect the scale and preparation of the work the company needs to do to get the clean-up done," he said.
highlights: Oil leak threatens tourism and fishing industries, says Thai Deputy PM . Company responsible says does not know how leak occurred . Greenpeace fears dispersed oil sunk beneath water surface will have ongoing impact . One academic believes leak could be twice size admitted to by company .
id: a6c7ff26c4987f04f77e96d546d6af1cfd03b848
chatgpt: An oil leak in Thailand is threatening both the tourism and fishing industries, according to the country's Deputy Prime Minister. The oil company responsible for the leak has said it does not know how it occurred. Reports suggest that an unknown amount of oil has leaked into the Gulf of Thailand, with the company involved initially admitting to a spill of around 50 barrels. However, one academic has expressed concerns that the actual size of the leak could be twice that amount. The oil has been dispersed throughout the water and there are fears that it could have a significant and ongoing impact on the local environment. The leak was first reported on Saturday, when locals noticed an unusual smell coming from the water. The oil company involved in the incident, PTT Global Chemical, has said that it is investigating the cause of the leak and that it is working on a cleanup operation. The Thai Deputy Prime Minister, Prajin Juntong, has said that the leak could have a severe impact on the local economy. "This will affect tourism and the fishing industry, which are the two important economic sectors of Rayong province," he said. Greenpeace has also expressed concern about the impact of the oil leak, warning that the dispersed oil may have sunk beneath the surface of the water and could have a long-lasting impact on the local environment. "The dispersed oil can remain for a long time in sea water and have a long-lasting impact on marine life, particularly plankton and fish," said Ply Pirom, Greenpeace Thailand's campaign manager. Meanwhile, the oil company responsible for the leak has said that it is aware of the situation and is working with the relevant authorities to resolve the issue. "We do not know how the oil leak occurred, but we are investigating the cause," a spokesman for PTT Global Chemical said in a statement. The Thai government and local authorities have been working with the company to contain the spill and to minimize any damage caused. It is unclear at this stage how long the cleanup operation will take or what the long-term impact on the environment and local communities will be. The incident highlights the ongoing concerns surrounding oil leaks and the impact they can have on local environments and economies. It also raises questions about the safety protocols and regulations surrounding the oil industry, and the need for companies to take responsibility for any accidents or incidents that occur.