article: Pristina, Kosovo (CNN) -- Kosovo's prime minster lashed out at critics Monday over a recent report alleging that officials may have stolen organs from prisoners of war and political rivals, calling it "pure fabrication." European authorities charged in a report released last week that executives who control the country may have stolen organs when the Kosovo Liberation Army was fighting Serbian forces in the late 1990s. "It is a political accusation based on no facts or proof," Prime Minister Hashim Thaci said. "Therefore, it is a pure fabrication." The report says Thaci, a former leader of the Kosovo Liberation Army, was the "boss" of a prominent faction in the militia that "apparently wrested control" of "illicit criminal enterprises" from rivals across the border in Albania. "Numerous indications seem to confirm that ... organs were removed from some prisoners ... to be taken abroad for transplantation," read the report. It suggested that illegal organ trafficking continued after the war ended. And links between "criminal activity" and "certain KLA militia leaders ... has continued, albeit in other forms, until today," the report charges. Thaci said he is looking into all legal and political possibilities to correct what he sees as the report's inaccuracies. It was not immediately clear what action he planned to take. "It is a lie for which Dick Marty will be accountable," the prime minister said of the author of the draft report. Nearly 1,900 people who disappeared during the conflict still have not been found, and another 500 disappeared after NATO troops arrived in June 1999, according to Marty. The report is based partially on investigations by European Union officials and was written for the Council of Europe's Committee on Legal Affairs and Human Rights. European Union officials in Kosovo have said that anyone with concrete evidence of war crimes or organized crime should step forward. Kosovo was a province of Serbia but declared independence in 2008. About 70 countries have recognized the declaration, but Serbia does not, and international organizations including the United Nations and European Union continue to have administrators in Kosovo. The Council of Europe, an organization with 47 member countries, seeks to promote democracy and human rights. The council's parliament plans to debate the report in January. "This (report) of course is a blow (for Kosovo), but this challenge will be overcome because it has nothing in common with the truth, and the truth is that Kosovo is a story of success," Thaci said.
highlights: Prime Minister Hashim Thaci says the report is "pure fabrication" It says authorities may have stolen organs from prisoners of war and political rivals . European Union officials have asked anyone with evidence of crimes to step forward . "Kosovo is a story of success," Thaci says .
id: e4b0ca828ba8d972a47525600832935ef54c8dab
chatgpt: Kosovo's Prime Minister Hashim Thaci has vehemently denied any wrongdoing in relation to a report which alleges that authorities may have removed organs from prisoners of war and political rivals. The report was produced by Council of Europe rapporteur Dick Marty, and has been described by Thaci as a "pure fabrication". Marty's report suggests that there was a black market in organs from prisoners of war and political rivals. He also suggests that individuals close to the prime minister may have played a role in the scheme. The report has been controversial since its inception, with some critics accusing Marty of being biased against Thaci and his administration. In response to the report, European Union officials have called for anyone with evidence of criminal activity to come forward. "Organ trafficking is a serious crime and should be punished accordingly," said a spokesperson for the EU. "We call on anyone with information about possible wrongdoing to report it to the relevant authorities." Thaci, for his part, has staunchly defended his government's actions. In a recent interview with the BBC, he claimed that the report was baseless and that his opponents were using it as a political weapon against him. "Kosovo is a story of success," he said. "We have made great strides since our independence in 2008, and we will continue to build on that success." Thaci's administration has been credited with improving Kosovo's economy and infrastructure, and for working to establish closer ties with other countries in the region. However, his government has also been accused of corruption and of failing to address the issue of organized crime in the country. The allegations in Marty's report are particularly damning, as they suggest that the government may have been involved in the trafficking of human organs. Such activities are illegal under international law and are widely condemned by human rights organizations. Whether or not the allegations in the report turn out to be true, they have certainly cast a shadow over Kosovo's reputation. The country has struggled to assert itself on the international stage, partly due to ongoing disputes over its sovereignty with Serbia. The Marty report will only serve to complicate matters further, and to make it more difficult for Kosovo to garner the respect and support it needs to thrive.