article: By . Chris Waugh . Follow @@ChrisDHWaugh . Argentina legend Diego Maradona has revealed that he is in line to become the next coach of Venezuela. And if the 1986 World Cup winner does get the job then he will hope to guide the only South American country never to qualify for the World Cup to the 2018 tournament in Russia. Venezuela have been without a coach since Cesar Farias quit in November following the team's failure to make it to Brazil. Linked: Diego Maradona says he is contemplating taking the Venezuela national job . Winner: Maradona lifted the World Cup in 1986 but Venezuela have never qualified . First time: If Maradona does take the job he will try to get Venezuela to the 2018 World Cup . FIFA ranking: 40 . Captain: Juan Arango . Coach: None . Most caps: Juan Arango (120) Top scorer: Giancarlo Maldonado (22) and Juan Arango (120) Home stadium: Estadio Jose Antonio Anzoategui, Puerto La Cruz . World Cup appearances: 0 . Highest Copa America finish: 4th (2011) The Vinotinto - so called because of their burgundy-coloured kit - are yet to name a new manager but Maradona claims he is in the frame alongside some Venezuelan club team bosses. Maradona told regional television network Telesur: 'I look for serious projects... and think that yes, if it's with security, then maybe.' The 53-year-old is renowned for his leftist politics and he has long been courted by Venezuela's socialist government, and in particular their President Nicolas Maduro. The former Barcelona, Napoli, Sevilla and Boca Juniors forward plans to meet Maduro after the World Cup finishes in Brazil. Maradona, who scored 34 goals in 91 internationals for Argentina, said: 'We plan to talk a bit about everything, including the team.' Speculation linking Maradona with the Venezuela post surfaced last week in the South American country. Venezuela's late President, Hugo Chavez, was a close friend of Maradona. Maradona previously managed Argentina and Al Wasl. Solo: Venezuela is the only South American nation never to qualify for the World Cup finals . Experience? Maradona has previously managed the Argentinian national side, as well as Al Wasl .
highlights: Maradona says he may take Venezuela role if 'it's with security' Venezuela have been without a coach since Cesar Farias quit in November . Venezuelans are only South American side never to qualify for World Cup . Maradona is meeting Venezuela's socialist President after World Cup .
id: 902da64dec908fc95955fc870ab566e5e0c1c813
chatgpt: Former Argentine footballer Diego Maradona has stated that he would consider taking on the role of coach for the Venezuelan national football team under certain conditions. Speaking to the press, Maradona revealed that he is open to the possibility of becoming the coach of the Venezuelan team, but he would only do so "if it's with security." Venezuela has been without a head coach since Cesar Farias resigned in November of last year. Maradona's potential appointment would bring much-needed attention to the Venezuelan football team. The country is the only South American nation to have never qualified for the World Cup, and has struggled to make an impact in the region's national football tournaments. Maradona, who led Argentina to World Cup glory in 1986, is widely regarded as one of the greatest players of all time, and his appointment as coach would be seen as a major coup. However, Maradona's meeting with the socialist President of Venezuela, Nicolas Maduro, has raised concerns among some observers. The former footballer is known for his outspoken views on politics and has been a vocal supporter of leftist political movements in the past. His meeting with the controversial Venezuelan leader has sparked criticism from those who see this as an endorsement of Maduro's government. The meeting comes just weeks after the end of the World Cup in Russia, where Maradona made headlines for his erratic behavior. He was seen on camera making obscene gestures and appearing to fall asleep during a match. His appointment as coach of the Venezuelan team would undoubtedly attract media attention, and it remains to be seen whether he is up to the task of managing a national team. Despite these concerns, many fans of Venezuelan football are hoping that Maradona will accept the job offer. The team has been in decline in recent years, and there is a sense that a new coach is needed to revitalize the squad. Maradona's track record as a player and his experience as a coach make him a compelling candidate for the job, but the question of his political agenda remains a contentious issue. In conclusion, Diego Maradona has expressed an interest in coaching the Venezuelan national football team, but only under certain conditions. His meeting with the country's President has sparked controversy, but many fans of Venezuelan football are hopeful that he will be appointed as coach and bring back the glory days to the team. Only time will tell whether Maradona is the right person for the job.