article: By . Lizzie Parry for MailOnline . Experts have today called for half-day closing on the high street to be brought back to stop overworked shop employees suffering stress. The move would be familiar to millions of older people who will remember when whole town centres across the UK closed down at lunchtime one day a week to prevent shop staff being exploited. One leading psychologist said the move would have a similar effect today. Professor Craig Jackson, from Birmingham City University, said it would compensate millions of low-paid employees, who put in hours of overtime. Experts have called for half-day closing on the high street to be brought back to stop overworked shop employees suffering stress . He said it could also save the NHS millions of pounds a year in treating those who suffer stress and other conditions related to working too hard. Professor Jackson said millions of employees regularly work through lunchbreaks, stay late or come in early for no extra pay. Many are low paid workers who fear losing their jobs and will put in extra hours for no money in order to show willing. He said: 'The UK workforce still has the highest mean number of full-time working hours of any European country. Professor Craig Jackson from Birmingham City University, said it would compensate millions of low-paid employees, who put in overtime. File picture . 'As a country we work too many hours - and we also rely on the culture of unpaid overtime and the willingness of millions of employees to work outside of the 9 to 5 for free, on a regular basis. 'Working unpaid overtime is now expected of workers in countless organisations, and technological advances facilitate this.' These advances include being contacted by email or text in out-of-office hours and even on holiday. Trading laws from the beginning of the 20th Century limited the hours shops and many business could operate across a working week. This included being shut on Sundays. To regulate these hours, they had to close for half a day during the week, with most areas choosing Wednesday afternoons. This prevented children from working in their parents' shops for more than 72 hours a week, for instance. The law was repealed in 1994 though in some areas, local traders came to a mutual agreement to all close one afternoon a week, usually on the quietest trading day. Professor Jackson added: 'Since the trading laws were relaxed in the 1990s, millions of people in the retail sector in the UK have felt the effects of the shopping culture. 'A suitable remedy would be for companies to voluntarily bring back 'half-day closing' for one day each week. 'It would give workers a break, and allow them to do other beneficial things in their lives, and any lost 'revenue' that may occur as a result would easily be saved by fewer workers needing to access the NHS and their GPs for countless work-related psychosocial issues such as stress.'
highlights: Trading laws from 20th century limited hours shops could be open . Most high streets traditionally shut on Wednesday afternoons . Professor Craig Jackson at Birmingham City University has called for the rules, repealed in 1994, to be reinstated . He said it would compensate overworked staff who put in hours of overtime .
id: b74be9d43274633afbda6a3d4b0c0e5fdba4cf49
chatgpt: Calls have been made to reinstate 20th-century trading laws that limited the hours shops could open. Professor Craig Jackson, a psychology expert at Birmingham City University, says reintroducing the rules - abolished in 1994 - would help compensate overworked staff who are putting in long hours of overtime. Many high streets traditionally shut on Wednesday afternoons to allow shop workers a break from the daily grind of work. However, with the repeal of the 1994 laws, many shops now open for longer hours, often at the expense of tired and overworked shop workers. Professor Jackson argues that the reintroduction of trading laws would help employers strike a better work-life balance for their staff. The psychology expert cites research that shows long working hours can lead to increased stress, anxiety, and illnesses such as depression and heart disease. The professor suggests limiting shops' opening hours would help tackle the problem of overwork, and ensure that workers had more time to recover from work-related stress. He also argues that it would benefit local communities by giving them more time to engage in leisure activities, as well as helping to reduce carbon emissions from vehicles. "There is a real need to bring back the old trading laws," said Professor Jackson. "Employees are working longer hours than ever before, often without compensation, and this is clearly taking a toll on their mental and physical health. Reintroducing the 20th-century laws would offer sorely needed respite for workers and benefit the wider community." The professor's comments have been met with a mixed response. Some have hailed them as a necessary step towards improving workers' mental and physical health, while others have accused Professor Jackson of trying to turn the clock back to a bygone era. Those in favor of trading laws believe that businesses should prioritize workers' welfare above profits, and that restricting hours would encourage employers to maximize the productivity of their workforce. They argue that the laws would lead to a healthier and more productive workforce, which in turn would benefit both the economy and wider society. Opponents of the laws, however, argue that businesses need the freedom to operate as they see fit in order to remain competitive. They claim that limitations on opening hours would be detrimental for both businesses and consumers, and could result in job losses. For the time being, it seems unlikely that the UK government will be reintroducing the 20th-century trading laws. However, the debate is likely to rage on, and Professor Jackson's comments are sure to reignite the argument over workers' rights, business practices, and the balance between work and leisure.