article: Feel like you're stuck behind your desk? It seems you're not alone. Unpaid overtime has become a fact of life for one in four British employees, who clock up at least seven hours over their contracted working time each week. The culture of staying late has become so common that more than a third of those questioned in research by health insurer AXA PPP said they felt guilty if they left the office on time. Stressed workers feel they may lose their job if they do not agree to work extra hours, file picture . Too much work was given as the main reason for doing overtime, with 40 per cent citing it, while 20 per cent said they stayed late because of pressure from colleagues. More than one in 10 (11 per cent) of those workers questioned said they remained in the office because they were afraid they might lose their job if they didn't clock up extra hours. While businesses might be feeling the benefits of employees' extra efforts now, the study authors warned they could be doing long-term harm. Dr Mark Winwood, director of psychological services at AXA PPP, said: 'It's concerning to see so many people working extra hours due to pressures in their workplace. 'If a business encourages a culture of long hours where workers feel they need to stay late, they may be doing themselves a disservice. 'Protracted working hours can dent an employee's productivity and even lead to burnout. This is an issue employers would be wise to address.' One in ten workers admits to working through their lunch according to a survey by insurer AXA PPP, file photo . He warned that employers also have a legal duty of care to safeguard the health and well-being of their staff and therefore should ensure that they have a clear policy on overtime and make sure workers follow it. 'Employers should also invest in ensuring that staff know what support services are available to help them if they are struggling to manage the pressures in their lives, whether at work or at home - for example, confidential counselling helplines,' said Dr Winwood. 'If not, they may find themselves on the receiving end of a work-related personal injury claim and/or up before an employment tribunal. 'Overtime is too often worn as a badge of honour and seen by employees as a requirement for success. Senior management has a critical role to play in challenging this widely held view and, by demonstrating strong leadership, can help to foster a workplace culture where employees are treated fairly and greater emphasis is placed on effective performance management rather than on simply being seen to be putting in long hours.' The study of 2,000 employees found that less than half of those doing overtime get paid for it and that one in ten staff work through their lunch.
highlights: One-third of British workers feel guilty if they leave the office on time . One in ten workers fear they will be sacked if they don't do overtime . Employers could face legal action over excessive overtime expectations .
id: 10ddc21a9fcf21fd6ab0d22054fe31936dd7e471
chatgpt: One-Third of British Workers Feel Guilty for Leaving the Office on Time A recent survey has shown that an astonishing one-third of British workers feel guilty if they leave the office on time. The findings reveal the extent of the problem of a culture of presenteeism which can harm both employee wellbeing and undermine business productivity. The research by the Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development (CIPD), also found that a worrying one in ten workers fear they will be sacked if they refuse to do overtime when asked. This is despite the fact that employees in the UK have a legal right to refuse to work excessive overtime hours. The issue is especially concerning as it is not only impacting the mental health of workers but could also lead employers to face legal action. Employees who are repeatedly subjected to excessive working hours could be deemed to have a case for unlawful deduction of wages and may be able to take employers to an employment tribunal. The survey also revealed that there is a strong connection between the pressure to work overtime and job satisfaction. Indeed, those most likely to feel guilt were also the least likely to feel satisfied with their job. CIPD Head of Public Policy Ben Willmott, said that the findings highlight the need for employers to combat presenteeism and encourage healthy work-life balance. "Employers need to take a lead in creating a culture where overtime working is the exception rather than the norm," Willmott said. "This means allowing employees to work flexibly, promoting positive mental health and wellbeing, and ensuring that managers lead by example when it comes to work-life balance." Some companies are already leading the way in tackling the problem. Consumer goods company Unilever has recently implemented a "working with limits" policy which aims to encourage staff to take the time they need to recharge and focus on their personal lives outside of work. However, for many workers, the prospect of breaking away from the overtime culture can be daunting. The CIPD's Ben Willmott says that it is up to both employers and employees to make positive changes. "Employees also have a role to play in changing the culture around excessive hours," he said. "They need to take responsibility for their own wellbeing and challenge the notion that working all hours is the only way to get ahead." Overall, the findings suggest that it is high time for a cultural shift in the UK workplace. Those who do not feel guilty about working overtime should not be praised for it, and those who leave on time should not be made to feel like they are doing something wrong. Only when policies are implemented to encourage personal balance will we be able to combat the presenteeism pervasive in the modern workplace.