article: (EW.com) -- Kim Kardashian's IMDB page experienced a sudden assault of truth grenades earlier today, resulting in an IMDB bio that looked just a little bit...different. "Kim Kardashian is emblematic of the shallowness of American culture in the first two decades of the new millennium," read her official biography. "While some cultural critics call her the prime avatar of the 'famous for being famous' faux celebrity crowd, she along with Paris Hilton is a new breed of cat whose celebrity comes from the release of a sex tape and the canny exploitation of the resulting publicity." Too many truth grenades! My nose is bleeding! The IMDB bio continued: "For Paris Hilton and Kim Kardashian, the release (accidental or not-so-accidental) of boudoir tapes didn't result in shame but celebration. America, like ancient Rome, seems to have shuffled off the moral coil of virtue of the Republic and is now enjoying its Imperial self in an orgy of ignominy." The bio then noted various superstars who have derided Kardashian for her faux fame, including Daniel Craig and Jon Hamm, before concluding with a walloping pulpit-imploding rant, noting that Kardashian's fame was kick-started by a sex tape, "an apt metaphor for socio-economic-cultural malaise in Washington and the country beyond, where everything seems to be run by amoral prostitutes in bed with each other and merely out for a buck." The bio has disappeared from IMDB, but Uproxx has a screenshot, where it's credited to Jon C. Hopwood, a writer who has crafted over six hundred IMDB biographies. It's unclear if the bio was actually written by Hopwood. But the rant does read like the typical aggressive pseudo-philosophical Rome-referencing post that overworked frustrated-narcissist bloggers tend to write about Kim Kardashian. (See example here.) See the full story at EW.com. CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly . © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. All rights reserved.
highlights: A new bio appeared on Kim Kardashian's IMDB page . It said, ""Kim Kardashian is emblematic of the shallowness of American culture" The bio has disappeared from IMDB, but Uproxx has a screenshot .
id: 2fb4c1e7ac74f61113b5ec907fb82c3af66231e5
chatgpt: Kim Kardashian is known for her popularity and influence in the entertainment industry, but a new controversial bio on her IMDB page has caused quite the stir. The bio, which appeared briefly before disappearing from the page, read "Kim Kardashian is emblematic of the shallowness of American culture." Uproxx, a popular entertainment news outlet, managed to capture a screenshot of the bio before it was taken down. The bio sparked outrage among fans and critics alike, with many questioning who was responsible for its creation and whether or not it accurately represented Kardashian's impact on American culture. Some people even went as far as to call for a boycott of IMDB, accusing the website of allowing false and defamatory information to be published about celebrities. However, the truth behind the bio remains a mystery. It's unclear who wrote the bio or why it was published in the first place. Some speculate that it may have been the work of a disgruntled ex-employee or a prankster with too much time on their hands. Despite the controversy surrounding the bio, it's worth noting that Kardashian herself has never shied away from criticism. In fact, she's acknowledged in multiple interviews that her success is often seen as a symbol of everything that's wrong with American culture. "A lot of people don't understand me," she said in a 2015 interview with Rolling Stone. "They see me as someone who's famous for being famous. But there's a lot more to me than that." Regardless of what anyone thinks about Kardashian and her impact on American culture, it's clear that the bio on her IMDB page crossed a line. While it may have been meant as a joke or a critique, it ultimately did more harm than good. Hopefully, this incident will serve as a reminder to everyone that we need to be more thoughtful and responsible when it comes to the content we publish online.