article: Russian President Vladimir Putin has been known to play with tigers and ride horseback shirtless. Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev apparently prefers pachyderms. In between diplomatic meetings at the ASEAN summit that is underway in the capital of Myanmar, Medvedev visited one of this country's biggest attractions -- the white elephants kept in pens next to the giant golden pagoda in Naypyitaw. Medvedev had his shirt on, a Hawaiian shirt in fact, as he and a small entourage fed snacks to the elephants as his motorcade was parked just outside the Uppatasanti Pagoda. Obama in Myanmar: Rohingya crisis could dim ASEAN . My producer and I happened to be visiting the same pagoda at just the right time.  Alerted to Medvedev's presence by the Russian flags mounted on a fleet of black stretch limos, we quickly seized the opportunity to see a Russian leader out in the wild. There was one small problem. We happened to be barefoot as it is customary to remove your shoes before entering a temple. With no time or shoe leather to spare, we scampered down the pagoda's steps and caught up with the prime minister. On the other side of the world, Obama determined as ever to bypass Congress . Medvedev was on his way to his limo as I shouted a few questions. CNN: "What do you think of the elephants?" Medvedev: "Excellent.  Magical.  Super." CNN: "Do you think the U.S. and Russia can come to an agreement on what's happening in Ukraine right now?" Medvedev:  "Time will show." The Russian Prime Minister returned to his motorcade. I put my shoes back on. As it turns out, Medvedev and President Barack Obama spoke briefly about the crisis in Ukraine on the sidelines of the ASEAN summit.  Following their encounter, the Russian news agency Interfax quoted Medvedev as saying he and Obama did not resolve their nations' differences over Ukraine. "Naturally, we discuss such nuances, but, obviously, it is not the kind of format that could allow us to resolve all existing problems," Medvedev said. Secret talks, long dinner led to historic climate agreement . The U.S. must "stop resorting to sanctions and return to normal, calm and productive talks" the Russian Prime Minister added. Two years ago, Obama infamously told Medvedev in a "hot mic" moment that he would have more "flexibility" in his dealings with Putin after the 2012 presidential election. "I will transmit this information to Vladimir," replied Medvedev, who was Russia's president at the time. Instead of feeding information back to Moscow, Medvedev on this day had the ears of a few grateful and rather hungry white elephants. The best moments from Obama's China trip in GIFs .
highlights: CNN's Jim Acosta caught up with Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev in Myanmar . Medvedev was visiting the white elephants next to the pagoda in Naypyitaw . He said "time will show" whether the U.S. and Russia can come to an agreement on Ukraine .
id: 4c374bb9166911cc604ce4efc8b2b54ec86ee8ff
chatgpt: During a visit to Myanmar's Naypyitaw, Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev met with Jim Acosta of CNN to discuss the ongoing conflict in Ukraine. When asked about the potential for a resolution between the United States and Russia, Medvedev seemed unsure. "Time will show," he said in response to Acosta's question about whether the two nations could come to an agreement on Ukraine. The conflict has been ongoing since 2014, when Russia annexed Crimea from Ukraine and the eastern region of the country became a site of fighting between Ukrainian government forces and separatist rebels backed by Moscow. Medvedev's visit to Myanmar was focused on other matters, however. The Russian prime minister was there to observe the country's iconic white elephants, which are considered sacred in the country's Buddhist traditions. He toured the pagoda alongside government officials and was treated to a traditional dance performance. Following his meetings in Naypyitaw, Medvedev traveled to Bangladesh for a similar visit. While there, he met with the country's prime minister, Sheikh Hasina, to discuss ways to strengthen economic ties between Russia and Bangladesh. The two leaders discussed energy cooperation and also signed a memorandum of understanding on the creation of a joint nuclear energy project. Despite Medvedev's optimism about possible cooperation with the United States on Ukraine, there has been little progress made in recent years. Both sides have been engaged in a series of economic sanctions against each other, and relations remain strained. In addition to Ukraine, the United States and Russia have also been at odds over issues such as the Syrian conflict and allegations of Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. presidential election. Despite these tensions, both countries continue to play a significant role in global affairs and have important economic and strategic ties. As the conflict in Ukraine remains unresolved, it is clear that there is still much work to be done in the effort to reduce tensions between Russia and the United States. Whether or not the two nations will be able to come to an agreement remains to be seen, but one thing is certain - the world will be watching closely as events continue to unfold.