article: By . Mark Nicol . PUBLISHED: . 20:08 EST, 16 November 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 20:08 EST, 16 November 2013 . Plans: Labour MP Thomas Docherty has put forward proposals to give troops the same protection as ethnic minorities . Assaults on Armed Forces personnel would become a specific crime entailing tougher penalties for offenders, under a new law to be voted on by MPs this week. Verbal or physical attacks on members of the Army, Air Force or Navy would be categorised as hate crimes under an amendment to the Criminal Justice Act 2003. The proposal by Labour MP Thomas Docherty would give troops the  protection currently afforded to ethnic minorities, gay people and the disabled. An attack on a member of the Armed Forces or their family would be classed as an aggravated crime if  a court establishes that it was motivated by the victim’s association with the military. The move is backed by Shadow Defence Secretary Vernon Coaker and many Conservatives. The Ministry of Defence, however, said last night that Service chiefs did not want members of the Armed Forces to be singled out for special treatment. One in five troops has been verbally abused while in uniform, and one in 20 has been physically abused, according to a survey commissioned last year by Tory peer Lord Ashcroft. More than 9,000 Service personnel were quizzed as part of the research. Mr Docherty told The Mail on Sunday: ‘The evidence shows that our soldiers, sailors and airmen need the protection of the law as they are often singled out for attacks on the basis of their service to their country. ‘For this reason, the increase in sentences for aggravation related to disability, race or sexual orientation should be extended to include members of the Armed Forces and their families. The law would apply whether or not the personnel were in uniform at the time. Protection: Concern for the safety of soldiers has risen since the murder of Drummer Lee Rigby . ‘I have received a lot of support from Conservative MPs, so I am optimistic that the amendment will get the necessary backing in the Commons.’ Concern for the safety of soldiers has risen since the murder of Drummer Lee Rigby outside Woolwich Barracks in London earlier this year. Last night, Colonel Richard Kemp, a former British Army commander in Afghanistan, said: ‘It is shameful that members of the Armed Forces need specific legal protection, but that is the reality of a society in which we live. There have been too many cases in recent years where soldiers have been subjected to torrents of abuse, often by those who object to Britain’s use of military force overseas.’
highlights: Proposals would see soldiers get the same protection as ethnic minorities . Attack Armed Forces member or their family would be an aggravated crime . Concerns for soldiers have risen since the murder of Drummer Lee Rigby .
id: 177be2dfd55ab5585fb9e67f3e4b60331f54d787
chatgpt: The United Kingdom is set to overhaul its laws to ensure that soldiers are given the same protection as ethnic minorities. Under new proposals, any attack on an Armed Forces member or their family would be categorized as an aggravated crime, attracting tougher penalties than regular assault charges. The proposed changes come amid growing concerns over the safety and welfare of soldiers in the UK, particularly since the murder of Drummer Lee Rigby in 2013. Rigby was killed by two extremists in a brutal attack outside his barracks in Woolwich, South East London, which sent shockwaves through the country. Since then, there have been numerous reports of soldiers being subjected to abuse, harassment, and violence both on and off duty. In some cases, soldiers and their families have been targeted simply because of their affiliation with the Armed Forces. The new proposals aim to address this issue by providing soldiers with the same level of protection as other vulnerable groups in society. This means that any attack on a soldier or their family would be treated as a hate crime and punished accordingly. The move has been welcomed by military and advocacy groups, who have long called for better protection for soldiers. They argue that soldiers put their lives on the line to protect the country, and should not have to live in fear for their own safety. Speaking about the proposed changes, Defence Secretary, Ben Wallace said: “Our serving men and women, veterans and their families deserve our unwavering support and respect. These proposals will send a clear message that we will not tolerate any abuse, harassment or violence directed at them.” The proposals have also been backed by the Labour Party, who have called for better protection for soldiers for several years. Shadow Defence Secretary, John Healey, said: “We welcome the Government’s decision to bring forward these proposals after years of campaigning by Labour. Soldiers and their families should be able to go about their daily lives without fear or intimidation.” However, some critics have raised concerns about the potential impact of the new laws. They argue that categorizing attacks on soldiers as hate crimes could lead to a perception that soldiers are a separate class of citizen, and that the laws could be used to stifle legitimate criticism of the Armed Forces. Despite these concerns, the Government is expected to press ahead with the proposals, which are due to be included in the forthcoming Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Bill. The bill is currently being scrutinized by Parliament and is expected to become law later this year. Overall, the proposed changes represent a significant step forward in providing better protection for soldiers in the UK. By treating attacks on soldiers as hate crimes, the Government is sending a clear message that soldiers are valued members of society who deserve to be treated with dignity and respect.