article: Arsenal captain Thomas Vermaelen is ready to quit the Emirates Stadium for a move to Manchester United. The Belgium international has told close pals that he wants to complete a controversial switch to Old Trafford after the World Cup. United manager Louis van Gaal wants to sign the central-defender this summer in a deal that could be worth in the region of £12million. VIDEO Scroll down to see Vermaelen parading the FA Cup with Arsenal . Out: Thomas Vermaelen wants to leave Arsenal and join Manchester United after the World Cup . International pedigree: Vermaelen (front left) is currently on World Cup duty with Belgium . Shrewd business? United manager Louis van Gaal wants to sign Vermaelen in a deal worth £12million . It is understood Vermaelen's representatives have already agreed personal terms with United. The next obstacle United must overcome agreeing a transfer fee with Arsenal, though Sportsmail understands the Old Trafford club will not make a formal offer for the defender until after his involvement in the World Cup is complete. Nevertheless, United will table a bid and, with Vermaelen on board, are confident of sealing his signature. Vermaelen has grown increasingly frustrated in north London during recent months as he's been forced to play second fiddle to first-choice central defensive pairing Per Mertesacker and Laurent Koscielny. However, Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger is unwilling to let his skipper leave the club without having a replacement lined up. Having already lost right-back Bacary Sagna, who was the club's fourth choice centre-back, to Manchester City, the Gunners boss does not want to leave himself short of cover in the position. Vermaelen has a year left on his current Arsenal contract, meaning he can leave the club for nothing next summer - a scenario the Gunners are keen to avoid. The Gunners are ready to offer Vermaelen a new contract this summer, but without the guarantee of increased first-team opportunities next season, the Belgian is likely to be reluctant to sign. Back-up: Vermaelen played second-fiddle to Laurent Koscielny (left) and Per Mertesacker (right) last season . Gone: Arsenal have already lost defender Bacary Sagna to Premier League champions Manchester City .
highlights: Arsenal captain Thomas Vermaelen has told close pals he wants to move to Manchester United after the World Cup . United boss Louis van Gaal wants to sign Vermaelen in a £12million deal . Vermaelen has grown frustrated at a lack of opportunities at Arsenal . Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger is ready to offer Vermaelen a new deal .
id: 9769d17073b8365d13380e89c0d198cca19fe509
chatgpt: Arsenal captain Thomas Vermaelen is reportedly eyeing a move to Manchester United after the World Cup. The Belgian defender has apparently informed close friends of his desire to join the Red Devils, with Louis van Gaal keen on making a £12 million deal to bring him to Old Trafford. Vermaelen has grown frustrated with the lack of opportunities presented to him at Arsenal. Despite being named club captain in 2012, injuries and the consistent form of Per Mertesacker and Laurent Koscielny have left the 28-year-old with just seven Premier League appearances last season. Meanwhile, United are in need of defensive reinforcements with the departure of veterans Rio Ferdinand and Nemanja Vidic. Van Gaal sees Vermaelen as an ideal addition to his new-look back line, which will see the Dutchman adopt a 3-5-2 formation. Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger is nonetheless seeking to retain the services of Vermaelen, but may struggle to do so with just one year remaining on his contract. The Frenchman has confirmed he is open to the prospect of Vermaelen leaving, as long as the club receives an appropriate offer. Vermaelen is highly regarded as a composed, ball-playing centre-back, capable of making key interceptions and initiating play from the back. His versatility as a left-footed defender also provides an added dimension to any team. Should Vermaelen make the move to United, he would become the first player since Robin van Persie to swap Arsenal for Old Trafford. The move would provide Van Gaal with a leader on the pitch, as well as a player that is familiar with the Premier League. However, Wenger will have the opportunity to offer Vermaelen a new deal this summer, and it remains to be seen whether the Gunners skipper will opt to stay put in North London or seek new pastures in Manchester. Only time will tell whether Vermaelen will make the move to Old Trafford or commit his future to Arsenal. But should the move take place, it could provide the catalyst for United’s resurgence in the Premier League.