article: By . Ray Massey, Transport Editor . Motorists have been warned to brace themselves for ‘Glastonbury Gridlock’ as festival-goers generate seven times the normal volume of traffic in some areas. Journey times on some routes will double, it warns – with the worst period being when people leave the event on Monday. As middle-class ‘glampers and other music fans take to the road, traffic information firm INRIX, which  tracks traffic flows and supplies data for car sat-navs – said: ‘With 135,000 tickets sold, the roads around Glastonbury only see this level of traffic once a year. Road chaos: Motorists have been warned of nightmare journeys over the Glastonbury weekend . ‘By 4pm on Monday 30th, traffic volumes will be seven times higher than normal. ‘It means that the half hour journey between Shepton Mallett and the M5 for example, will take over an hour. ‘Any journey on an A road in the area around Glastonbury will take double the normal time on the afternoon of Monday 30th June due to these increased traffic levels.’ It adds: ‘Drivers can expect considerable delays on the more minor roads away from the site to extend journey times even further. The INRIX report says the best time to leave the festival site on Monday is 6am - with 4pm the worst time for drivers to start the journey home. Music fans: Thousands of people are already en route to Glastonbury for the legendary event which has Dolly Parton and Kasabian among the performers this year . It says: ‘Traffic will start to build heading away from the site at 7am on Monday and by 8am there will already be double the normal amount of traffic on the minor roads around the site.’ This will have a knock-on effect for the more major roads. Chris Lambert, INRIX traffic expert said: ‘The journey there isn’t the one that tends to cause the problem. This is because people tend to ‘stagger’ their journeys from the Wednesday morning onwards. ‘Whilst traffic is certainly busier than normal as we approach the weekend, there are no really serious problems in terms of congestion. ‘But Monday is a very different matter. There’s a definite trend amongst festival-goers wanting to head home at the same time - generally between 2pm and 4pm.’ INRIX said it ‘strongly advises’ drivers to start the journey home from Glastonbury on the Sunday evening - or as early as possible on Monday 30th June and preferably before 7am. Expecting lots of mud: The weather forecast is looking bleak this weekend . 'This way they will also avoid hitting the regular Monday morning congestion as people drive to work. Mr Lambert said: ‘It’s important to remember that the times of the day that see the worst traffic will also be those when drivers are at risk of experiencing considerable waiting times to get out of the car park, not to mention the potentially lengthy queues even before reaching a main road.’
highlights: Journey times on some routes will double . Worst period is expected to be 4pm on Monday when people typically leave . INRIX report says the best time to leave the festival site on Monday is 6am .
id: e36375ad574252fe5f8f5ce577880cacb3cae924
chatgpt: As the annual music festival draws near, attendees and organizers gear up for what has become somewhat of a headache in recent years - the post-festival journey home. According to a report by INRIX, a transportation analytics firm, journey times on some of the busiest routes leaving the festival site are expected to double. This prediction has caused concern among festival-goers who are already dreading the long journey after days of partying and a lack of sleep. The report indicates that the worst period of congestion is expected to be at 4 pm on Monday, when people typically leave the festival. It is recommended that festival-goers plan their journey accordingly and avoid traveling during this peak period if possible. Interestingly, the report also suggests that the best time to leave the festival site on Monday is at 6 am. While this may come as a disappointment to those who were hoping to sleep in after days of camping and partying, this advice could save many hours spent stuck in traffic. In response to the report, organizers of the festival have advised attendees to consider using public transportation or carpooling to ease the congestion on the roads. They also recommend leaving earlier or later than the peak period to avoid getting caught in the worst of the traffic. The issue of post-festival transportation has become increasingly important in recent years, as attendance has continued to rise, and more people are choosing to travel by car. This has led to longer and longer journey times, causing frustration and fatigue for festival-goers who just want to get home. Many are now calling for improved transportation infrastructure to alleviate the congestion, including the construction of new roads or train lines. However, this is a long-term solution that will not help those trying to leave the festival this year. For now, it seems that the best anyone can do is to plan ahead and heed the advice of transportation experts. With some foresight and a little luck, festival-goers should be able to make it home safely and relatively stress-free. Overall, the INRIX report serves as a reminder of the importance of transportation planning and the impact it can have on our daily lives. As our cities grow and become more congested, it is essential that we continue to invest in infrastructure and transportation solutions that allow us to move around more efficiently. Only then can we hope to make our journeys smoother and less stressful.