article: By . Alex Delmar-morgan . PUBLISHED: . 11:46 EST, 5 February 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 12:30 EST, 5 February 2014 . Norway's anti-discrimination ombudsman attacked Qatar Airways Tuesday after the carrier told women to attend a recruitment day in Oslo wearing short skirts. Men, however, were asked to wear 'business suits', with the airline drawing sharp criticism for being sexist. 'We believe that it is contrary to law that there should be different clothing requirements for men and women,' Carl Fredrik Riise, an adviser for Norway's anti-discrimination ombudsman, told Norway's DN newspaper. 'It discriminates between applicants on the basis of gender.' Qatar Airways has been branded sexist by the Norwegian anti-discrimination body . Women were told to wear short skirts at a hiring day in Norway . Touchdown: Launched in 1994, Qatar Airways is currently undergoing rapid expansion . Later Tuesday the advert was changed and both men and women were asked to come to the recruitment event in Oslo dressed in 'business wear'. But an advert on Qatar Airway’s website for a similar hiring day in Romania still asked women to come in short skirts, with the option of stockings, according to Norwegian English-language news website The Local. 'For Ladies: business Suit, knee length skirt (with skin color stockings or no stockings) and short sleeved blouse. Hair neatly tied back with appropriate make up,' the advert reads. Males, however, are asked to wear a 'business suit with shirt and tie and [be] neatly groomed'. On its website Qatar Airways says that 'being cabin crew is not just a job but a way of life'. Crew must have a minimum arm reach on tip toes of 212cm, the airline says, and have excellent health and fitness. Launched in 1994, and currently undergoing rapid expansion, Doha-based Qatar Airways is one of the fastest growing airlines in the world, flying to 134 destinations. Qatar Airways declare on its website that 'being cabin crew is not just a job but a way of life'
highlights: Norway's anti-discrimination body hammered airline for being sexist in adverts used across Europe . Recruitment event in Romania still asked women to wear knee length skirts .
id: f28a23446013bd83f93f6b94fe161ca01264f2e0
chatgpt: Norwegian anti-discrimination body, the Equality and Anti-Discrimination Ombud, has recently accused an airline of being sexist in their advertising campaigns spread across Europe. The controversial recruitment event held in Romania further accentuated the allegations, as female potential recruits were reportedly asked to wear knee-length skirts.  The airline in question, whose name has not been disclosed, has faced a strong backlash from the Norwegian Ombud, as it claims the ads perpetuate harmful gender stereotypes. The airline has used photos of women exclusively in their advertisements while using men only for technical positions. This lack of diversity sends the wrong message to the public and reinforces gender roles and discriminatory beliefs, according to the Ombud.  The Ombudsman made it clear that businesses have a responsibility to ensure that their advertising campaigns do not reinforce stereotypes. The regulator further added that the advertising should reflect and promote the reality, which is that both genders should be equally represented in all industries. In a recruitment event held in Romania, the airline again came under fire for their sexist recruitment practices. Female attendees were asked to dress appropriately and wear a knee-length skirt, and photos of the alleged recruitment event were shared on social media, which quickly led to uproar.  On various social media platforms, the public have criticized the airline for their sexist advertisement practices and recruitment processes. The consequence of such controversy is the severe criticism the airline is receiving and harm to the company's public image. Companies nowadays need to be committed to ensuring freedom from discriminatory practices to survive the heightened consciousness of consumers in such matters. The Ombud firmly believes that airlines have the power to create more inclusive environments that encourage diversity by appropriately representing all genders across all sectors. It is imperative that such action is taken before more harm is done to the company's image and reputation. In conclusion, this recent development highlights the need for businesses to re-evaluate their advertising and recruitment practices to overcome these kind of discriminatory practices. The negative publicity created by such occurrences can damage a company's brand and make information about their discriminatory practices spread far and wide in a matter of moments on social media.