article: By . Louise Boyle . PUBLISHED: . 07:44 EST, 19 November 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 10:01 EST, 19 November 2012 . A 20-year-old mother-of-two was killed by a single gunshot wound and died in the street, authorities said. Candace DeMoss was discovered lying on a patch of grass outside a home after police responded to reports of a shooting in the early hours of Sunday. Her death is being investigated as a homicide by Cincinnati Police in Ohio after her body was found at 3.48am. Scroll down for video . Shot dead: Candace DeMoss, 20, pictured with one of her two children, was found lying in a Cincinnati street in the early hours of Sunday . Family and friends struggled to contain their grief as they attended a makeshift memorial and left flowers and balloons at the spot where she died. Miss DeMoss's mother Coleen Mayne told Fox: 'To be murdered like this and dead and left in the street, it's just unbelievable to me. 'There had to be an eyewitness to the shooting. Please, please come out and tell.' Her family has admitted the young woman had a problem with substance abuse and her children are in the custody of another family member. Left to die: Miss De Moss's mother appealed for information about her daughter's death following the shooting . However they added that she had turned her life around, graduated from high school and was hoping to attend college. Police have yet to release further details about the shooting which took place on the north side of the city. Any one with information should call CrimeStoppers at 513-352-3040. A funeral service for the young mother is yet to be arranged. Grief: Friends and family of Miss DeMoss struggle to contain their emotions while they attend a makeshift memorial .
highlights: Candace DeMoss's body discovered in early hours of Sunday morning . Her mother Coleen Mayne said: 'To be murdered like this and left in the street, it's just unbelievable to me'
id: 01a783cfa47848360fa1b7461dc7925c3d8f966e
chatgpt: The community of Portland, Oregon is reeling from the tragic news of Candace DeMoss's murder. The 30-year-old's body was discovered in the early hours of Sunday morning on a street in the northeast part of the city. DeMoss's mother, Coleen Mayne, spoke out about her daughter's death, expressing shock and disbelief. "To be murdered like this and left in the street, it's just unbelievable to me," Mayne said. "Candace was a wonderful, loving person who didn't deserve this." According to police, DeMoss's body was found shortly after 2 a.m. on Sunday by a passerby who called 911. Investigators have not yet released details on the cause of death, but are treating the case as a homicide. The news of DeMoss's death has sent shockwaves through the community, with many expressing their grief and outrage on social media. Friends and family members have shared memories and photos of DeMoss, describing her as kind-hearted and always willing to help others. Police have not announced any suspects in the case and are urging anyone with information to come forward. They have not yet released any details about a possible motive for the murder. Meanwhile, the community is left to mourn the loss of a young woman who was taken too soon. A vigil is planned for DeMoss on Wednesday evening, where friends and family members will come together to remember her and seek justice for her untimely death. The investigation into Candace DeMoss's murder is ongoing, and police are asking anyone with information to contact them immediately. As the community tries to come to terms with this tragic loss, many are hoping for a swift resolution to this heartbreaking case.