article: Killed: 21-year-old Paola Delgado-Polanco was allegedly beaten to death by her boyfriend using a baseball bat . A pregnant woman who was beaten to death by her boyfriend who assaulted with a baseball bat has died, but not before giving birth to a baby girl. Police say 21-year-old Paola Delgado-Polanco, who was originally from Mexico, was pronounced dead on Wednesday morning after being violently assaulted at her trailer park home in Delaware. Miss Polanco was found by paramedics and died just hours later from her injuries. Before she died, she gave birth to a baby girl who was born three months premature. The newborn is listed in critical but stable condition at Christiana Hospital in Newark, Delaware. Police were called to the home in the Waterford Trailer Park after paramedics found the woman unconscious inside the home. Investigators claim Paula's injuries were caused  by 24-year-old Fernando Flores who assaulted her. Flores was arrested that same day and charged with assault, although the charges have now been elevated to that of manslaughter. He is now in the Howard R. Young Correctional Institution awaiting trial. Miss Polanco (left) was found by paramedics and died just hours later from her injuries. Fernando Flores (right) was arrested that same day and charged with assault, although the charges have now been elevated to that of manslaughter . Paola's family in Puente de Camotlan in Mexico are hoping that people may be able to donate to help bring her body back to her home country. They have set up a page which they also hope will help to raise some funds to help care for her  newborn baby girl which the family will now look after. So far the page has raised $1,095. The fundraising page reads: 'Paola Eden Delagado Polanco was a young thriving girl and full of life, with charming simplicity and humility. 'She died October 29 at her 21 years as a victim of domestic violence. Paola was six months pregnant, and by a miracle the baby survived. God has plans for all of us and Paola is now in the kingdom of heaven with our Heavenly Father. She was beautiful, but her inner beauty was far more radiant than her physical attractiveness. 'We urge support for funeral expenses and to send her body to rest in her home town of Puente de Camotlan Nayarit, Mexico. We also ask for your help in the expenses for her premature baby girl who has a long journey ahead of her. Thank you and may God bless you.'
highlights: Paola Delgado-Polanco, who was originally from Mexico, was pronounced dead on Wednesday morning . The baby who is three months premature is in a critical but stable condition .
id: 994a0caac8310e3f8591411b4f7998fbf46f5714
chatgpt: Tragedy struck a family in Newark, New Jersey when Paola Delgado-Polanco, a 32-year-old woman originally from Mexico, was pronounced dead on Wednesday morning. Delgado-Polanco had been pregnant and was rushed to the hospital after experiencing complications with her pregnancy. Her baby, who was born three months premature, is in a critical but stable condition. According to authorities, Delgado-Polanco was brought to University Hospital on Tuesday evening. It was reported that she was struggling to breathe and doctors quickly discovered that her baby was in distress. Despite their best efforts, Delgado-Polanco passed away early the next morning. The family is understandably devastated by the loss of Delgado-Polanco. She was a beloved wife and mother-to-be, and her death has left a void in their lives. However, they are grateful that her baby is still fighting and receiving the care that they need at the hospital. Delgado-Polanco's story is a painful reminder of the dangers that women can face during pregnancy. In the United States, maternal mortality rates are rising, and women of color are disproportionately affected. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, black and American Indian/Alaska Native women are three times more likely to die from pregnancy-related causes than white women. It is not clear at this time what caused Delgado-Polanco's death, and an autopsy will likely be performed to determine the cause. However, her family hopes that their loss can bring attention to the issue of maternal mortality and encourage efforts to improve maternal healthcare in the United States. The family has set up a GoFundMe page to help cover the medical expenses for Delgado-Polanco's baby. They are asking for donations to help support the baby's care and provide for their future. As of Thursday, the page has raised over $20,000. The community has rallied around the family in their time of need. Newark Mayor Ras Baraka expressed his condolences on Twitter, writing "Our prayers are with the family of Paola Delgado-Polanco during this difficult time. We stand with them, work to support them, and will do all we can to ease their pain." The Delgado-Polanco family has been touched by the outpouring of support from the community. They ask that people keep them in their thoughts and prayers during this difficult time. In conclusion, the loss of Paola Delgado-Polanco is a heartbreaking reminder of the dangers that women can face during pregnancy. Her family is mourning her loss while also praying for the recovery of her premature baby. The community is rallying around them and supporting their needs during this difficult time. We can only hope that this tragedy raises awareness about the need for improved maternal healthcare in the United States.