article: By . Emma Reynolds . Last updated at 9:21 PM on 1st March 2012 . A Scotland Yard chief bought champagne for a News of the World journalist and lunch for colleagues during a £600 one-day spree on his force credit card. Andy Hayman, a former assistant commissioner in charge of counter-terror duties, said he took his 'top team' for a £566 meal at London restaurant Shepherd’s in February 2007. The alcohol bill for the meal alone came to £188.50. Champagne socialite: Ex-assistant commissioner Andy Hayman wined and dined journalists on regular occasions, the inquiry heard . Later that same day he spent £47 on champagne during a drink with a female journalist at the Oriel wine bar, in Chelsea. Both bills were paid for on his American Express company card, the Leveson Inquiry into press standards heard. Mr Hayman said the restaurant payment was paid for on his expenses as a colleague was joining another force. He said he could not remember which NotW journalist he was drinking with at Oriel. The police officer also had dinner at Soho House a year earlier with editor NotW editor Andy Coulson and deputy editor Neil Wallis. Giving evidence, Mr Hayman said he would rather be facing questions over phone-hacking than terror atrocities. He said: 'I feel terrible for the victims of phone-hacking and I would not minimise that. Close relationships: Mr Hayman said he could not recall the purpose of a lunch with NoW journalists, but that it would have been related to the 'ongoing support that paper was giving to anti-terror' 'But at the same time, I’d rather be . facing questions around that than I would be about more loss of life . which, 7/7, was awful.' The Met chief quit his job a month after an investigation into his expenses was launched. But he became a columnist for News International paper The Times after retiring from Scotland Yard, for which he was paid a £10,000 per year retainer. Robert Jay, QC, said: 'When asked about it, you stated that you recall that this was a Crime Reporters' Association representative, possibly from the News of the World. It could have been a female whose name you did not know.' He was asked whether this might have been Lucy Panton or Rebekah, who took over from Panton, but said he could not recall. Mr Jay suggested the champagne incident was evidence that the police had gone 'too far' with socialising. He was criticised by MPs last July for . having dinners with News International journalists while inquiries were . ongoing - with one Tory MP on the Commons Home Affairs Select Committee . suggesting he would have appeared a 'dodgy geezer'. Mr Hayman then dismissed as rubbish the suggestion they were 'cosy candlelit dinners'. The police watchdog cleared him and fellow police chiefs of misconduct over his roles in the original phone hacking investigation.
highlights: Andy Hayman quit job when bosses launched expenses probe . ...And was given £10,000-a-year retainer by News International paper The Times to write a column .
id: 4f9e1f4a899af8cb7d91faddaf9dd0594d256d33
chatgpt: Former Assistant Commissioner of the Metropolitan Police, Andy Hayman, quit his job when bosses launched an investigation into his expenses. It has now been revealed that Hayman was given a £10,000-a-year retainer by News International paper The Times to write a column. Hayman's resignation in December 2007 came about as a result of a probe into his expenses claims during his time as the head of counter-terrorism at the Met. He was investigated by the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC), but the watchdog eventually cleared him of any wrongdoing. However, Hayman's reputation was damaged by the scandal, and he resigned from his post. The revelation that Hayman was given a column in The Times, allegedly as part of an attempt by the paper to improve its relationship with the police, has raised questions about the propriety of such arrangements. Some have suggested that the move was a clear conflict of interest, as Hayman was still under investigation by the IPCC when he took up his position at the paper. Others have argued that the arrangement was entirely above board, and that Hayman was entitled to earn a living after resigning from the police force. The Times, for its part, has said that it was under no obligation to disclose the fact that Hayman was being paid to write for the paper. Critics, however, have pointed out that The Times was one of the papers which had been implicated in the phone-hacking scandal, which had also put the relationship between the police and the media under the spotlight. The revelation that Hayman had been paid by the paper has added further fuel to the fire, and has led to calls for greater transparency around these types of arrangements. The retainer that Hayman received from The Times was reportedly worth around £10,000 a year. This is a relatively small sum compared to some of the payments made to other journalists and public figures by media outlets, but the revelation has nevertheless caused consternation among some observers. The Hayman case has also highlighted the ongoing debate around press regulation in the UK. Many have argued that there needs to be greater scrutiny of the activities of the media, particularly in the wake of the phone-hacking scandal. However, others have warned that excessive regulation could have a chilling effect on press freedom and stifle investigative journalism. Overall, the revelation that Andy Hayman was given a column in The Times after leaving the police force has raised important questions about the relationship between the media and law enforcement. While some have defended the arrangement as a legitimate way for Hayman to earn a living, others have called for greater transparency around these types of deals, particularly in light of the recent scandals around phone-hacking and corruption. As the debate around press regulation continues, it is likely that this issue will remain high on the agenda for some time to come.