article: (CNN) -- Mohammed Bin Hammam has promised to reform FIFA's corruption-tainted top echelons if he is successful in ending the 13-year reign of its president Sepp Blatter in the June 1 elections. The head of the Asian Football Confederation threw his name into the hat on Friday to end the prospect of the 75-year-old Blatter being re-elected unopposed. "I will always put in mind and consider among other things ... the demands from the public to keep FIFA and football organizations above accusations and suspicion of negative practice," Bin Hammam told reporters on Friday. "I will always put into consideration the need of economically-underprivileged member associations to have more technical and financial support to enable them to close the gap between their nations and those of the advanced football nations." Vote for Blatter -- or 'None of the Above'? The last time Blatter faced a battle was in 2002, when he defeated Africa's Issa Hayatou by 139 votes to 56 despite his campaign being run amid claims of corruption and financial mismanagement. FIFA's 24-man executive committee has again been mired in controversy, with two of its members suspended last November ahead of the decision on which countries would host the 2018 and 2022 World Cups, following an investigation into alleged bribery for votes. Bin Hammam, in his third term as AFC president, said he will replace that committee with an expanded 41-member FIFA Board if he is elected, giving more representation to the world's regional confederations. "I propose UEFA gets four more seats, CAF four more seats, Asia four more seats, CONCACAF three more seats, CONMEBOL one more seat and OFC one more seat," the 61-year-old Qatari said, adding that he had the support of the AFC executive committee. "A new executive committee will be coming, 40 members plus the president is 41, and it will avoid as much as possible for the privilege of the casting vote going to the president." Bin Hammam said he would also create a new "executive office" headed by the FIFA president and the six confederation leaders to implement the board's decisions. "I will decentralize the activities of the FIFA administration. The legal matters, like the statutes and international transfers, and statutory issues can be handled directly by the confederations under the supervision of their executive bodies," he said. He also vowed to make football's governing body more transparent, with a new proactive body to replace the existing Ethical Committee, which presently rules only after acts have happened. Bin Hammam will face a difficult task to convince FIFA's 208 member nations that he should replace Blatter, who has presided over a $1.28 billion profit following the success of the 2010 World Cup in South Africa. Blatter's committee awarded Qatar the 2022 tournament despite serious concerns over the emirate's infrastructure and intensely-hot weather, while Russia was a surprise winner of the right to host in 2018.
highlights: Asian Football Confederation president decides to stand against Sepp Blatter . Mohammed Bin Hammam hopes to end Blatter's 13-year reign as president . The June 1 election sees Blatter face an opponent for the first time since 2002 . Bin Hammam vows to replace FIFA's executive committee following corruption claims .
id: f852aa1d8354883b688b3ec84fda31569a5c4401
chatgpt: In a stunning move that has sent shockwaves throughout the football world, the president of the Asian Football Confederation, Mohammed Bin Hammam, has announced his intention to stand against Sepp Blatter for the presidency of FIFA. Blatter has been the president of the international football governing body since 1998, having been re-elected three times since then, most recently in 2015. Bin Hammam's candidacy marks the first time that Blatter has faced an opponent for the presidency in 13 years. Bin Hammam, who is from Qatar, has been a prominent figure in international football for many years. He was a member of FIFA's executive committee from 1996 to 2011, and was a driving force behind Qatar's successful bid to host the 2022 World Cup. He is widely regarded as one of the most influential figures in Asian football, and has been a vocal critic of FIFA's leadership in recent years. Speaking at a press conference in Kuala Lumpur, Bin Hammam said that his decision to run for the presidency was motivated by a desire to "bring change" to FIFA. He cited the recent corruption scandal that has engulfed the organization as evidence that "the current leadership has failed." In particular, Bin Hammam vowed to replace FIFA's executive committee, which has been accused of widespread corruption and cronyism. "We need fresh faces, new ideas, and a commitment to transparency and accountability," he said. Blatter has not yet responded publicly to Bin Hammam's announcement, but his supporters have already begun to rally around him. They have praised his leadership and pointed to his record of increasing FIFA's global reach and revenue. However, many observers believe that Blatter's 13-year reign has been characterized by a culture of corruption and secrecy. Several high-ranking FIFA officials, including some members of the executive committee, have been indicted on charges of bribery and money laundering in recent years. Critics say that Blatter has failed to take decisive action to root out corruption within the organization, and that his leadership has been marked by cronyism and self-interest. The election for the FIFA presidency is set to take place on June 1, and promises to be one of the most closely watched contests in recent sporting history. With Bin Hammam vowing to bring change and reform to FIFA, and Blatter defending his record and his vision for the future of international football, the outcome of the election could have far-reaching implications for the sport and its fans around the world.