article: A substitute teacher at a Chicago school addressed a group of 13-year-olds using the N-word and referring to them as 'slaves'. Mea Thompson and three of her friends say the teacher at first referred to them as 'African-American', which the girls objected to as they are not of African heritage. The female teacher then used the N-word, which the group claim she then repeated throughout the class, referring to them as 'slaves'. Shocked: Eighth-grade-students Mea Thompson and Zaria Daniel say the substitute teacher called them the N-word during a social studies class at their school in a Chicago suburb . The incident took place at a middle school in Carol Stream, a suburb to Chicago, earlier this week. Four students, all 13, say they were busy working on a project about the Cold War during a social studies class headed by the teacher. The students say the teacher approached them and referred to them as ‘African-American’ ‘All four of us that were sitting there got offended because none of us are from Africa. I’m Jamaican. So we said, “Can you please not call us that?”’ Mea Thompson told NBC. ‘She continued to call us that and said, “It’s the politically correct term.” Then she said, “Well, back then you guys would be considered the N-word”.’ Following complaints, the substitute teacher was interviewed about the incident and confirmed the girls claims were true . According to Thompson and classmate Zaria Daniel, the teacher used the N-word throughout the class and referred to the group as 'slaves'. The girls say one student left the classroom in tears. Following the girls’ complaints, the substitute teacher was interviewed about the incident and confirmed that what the girls claimed was true. A spokesperson for the school district has said the teacher will not be asked back to the school. Carol Stream Police also said they are aware of the incident and are investigating.
highlights: Substitute teacher at Chicago school referred to teen girls as African-American . Girls objected because at least one has Jamaican heritage, not African . Teacher then repeatedly then used N-word and referred 'slaves', girls say . School said the substitute will not be asked back to the school .
id: 76897df849ae7d772db22a9cf011b749cf4b94a9
chatgpt: A substitute teacher at a Chicago school has sparked controversy after referring to a group of teen girls as African-American, despite at least one of them having Jamaican heritage. According to the girls, the teacher then went on to repeatedly use the N-word and make references to "slaves." The incident occurred last week at Lincoln Park High School, where the substitute was filling in for a regular teacher. The girls, who are all students at the school, say they were shocked and upset by the teacher's comments. "I couldn't believe what I was hearing," one of the girls told reporters. "She kept calling us African-American even though we told her that wasn't accurate. And then when she started using the N-word, it was just unbelievable." The girls say they confronted the teacher about her use of the N-word, but she continued to use it and make references to "slaves." They reported the incident to school administrators, who launched an investigation. In a statement to the media, Lincoln Park High School condemned the substitute's behavior and said she would not be asked back to the school. "We take this matter very seriously and have launched a full investigation," the statement read. "We will not tolerate any instances of racism or discrimination at our school. The substitute teacher involved has been informed that their services are no longer required." The incident has sparked outrage among students and parents at the school, with many calling for the substitute to be banned from teaching altogether. "It's unacceptable for a teacher to use racist language in the classroom, especially when they've been corrected by the students themselves," said one parent. "We need to hold our educators to a higher standard and make sure that incidents like this never happen again." The incident at Lincoln Park High School is just the latest example of racism in the classroom, which has become a growing concern in schools across the country. Teachers are being urged to receive additional education and training on anti-racism practices to avoid incidents such as this one.