article: By . Hugo Gye . PUBLISHED: . 18:47 EST, 18 March 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 07:23 EST, 19 March 2012 . Murdered: Aliyah Shell was killed in a drive-by shooting while sitting with her family on her porch . A six-year-old girl has died after being shot outside her house in a mysterious drive-by attack. Two teenage gang members have been arrested over Aliyah Shell's murder in Chicago on Saturday afternoon, one of seven killings in the city over the weekend. Neighbours have paid tribute to the slain girl, calling her 'our little angel' and saying she was 'really sweet'. Aliyah was sitting on her front porch with her mother and sister in the Little Village neighbourhood of western Chicago when a grey pick-up truck drew up outside the house. Someone fired four shots at the family and two of them hit the six-year-old in the abdomen, according to a neighbour who watched the carnage. She was taken to a nearby hospital, where she was pronounced dead. On Sunday afternoon, police removed a pink piece of clothing decorated with Minnie Mouse from the family's porch. Two teenagers were arrested and charged with murder and aggravated discharge of a firearm in the wake of the killing. Juan Barraza, 18, and an unnamed 16-year-old are believed to be attached to a street gang called the Latin Kings. Home: Neighbours witnessed the horrific and mysterious incident outside the family's house . Poignant: Police removed this piece of child's clothing as part of their investigation into the killing . Arrested: 18-year-old Juan Barraza, believed to be a gang member is a suspect in the killing . Aliyah's older sister, Desiree Valzquez, was inside the house when the young girl was shot. 'They started shooting but I thought it was fireworks,' she told NBC Chicago. 'I ran outside, and my mom was holding my sister. My sister wasn't talking anymore. She wasn't breathing.' Neighbour Clara Navarro, who witnessed the killing from across the street, told the Chicago Tribune of her shock at the violent incident. 'Our little angel, our little angel,' she said. 'I guess the Lord needed her.' Another neighbour said she knew Aliyah well, adding: 'Every time she's come over, she'd eat bananas. 'She was really sweet, she would be smiling. She was a good girl. It wasn't her fault.' The six other Chicago murders over the weekend were all of men in their 20s. A total of 39 people were shot in the city between Friday evening and Sunday afternoon.
highlights: Two teenagers charged with Aliyah Shell's murder in Chicago . Weekend of violence for the city as seven people killed and 39 shot .
id: 99a3cd15098f630eb7b114ef12ab66b90bebe2df
chatgpt: Over the weekend, the city of Chicago saw yet another spate of violence resulting in the deaths of seven people with 39 others shot. Among the numerous incidents was the murder of 18-year-old Aliyah Shell, for which two teenagers have now been charged. Shell was found lying on the sidewalk on the 6600 block of South Langley Avenue on August 11. She had sustained a gunshot wound to the head and was pronounced dead at the scene. In the aftermath of her death, the authorities launched an investigation which resulted in the recent charges. The two teenagers, aged 16 and 17, whose names have not been released, were arrested on Friday and charged with first-degree murder. It remains unclear at this time what their motive may have been for the killing. The incident is yet another tragic example of the rampant gun violence that has plagued the streets of Chicago for years. Despite numerous efforts to curb gun-related crimes, the city continues to struggle with this ongoing issue. Over the weekend, there were a staggering 39 shootings resulting in seven deaths. This brings the total number of homicides in the city to 380 so far this year, compared to 440 at the same point last year. The surge of violence has sparked outrage and frustration from residents and community leaders alike. In response, Chicago police have stepped up their efforts to investigate and arrest those responsible for the shootings. Chicago Mayor Lori Lightfoot has also responded to the ongoing violence, saying, "We absolutely must do more to address the scourge of gun violence in our city. Every day, families are being torn apart, and communities are being traumatized by senseless acts of violence. We cannot allow this to continue." The mayor has promised to implement new measures to help combat the city's ongoing gun violence problem. These measures may include increased patrols and community policing, as well as working with community organizations to create safe spaces for residents in high-risk neighborhoods. However, there are some who feel that these measures may not be enough to address the root causes of this ongoing issue. Many are calling for more comprehensive action, such as stricter gun control laws and increased access to mental health resources. As Chicago residents mourn the loss of those who lost their lives over the weekend, many will be looking to see what steps will be taken to address the ongoing issue of gun violence in the city. For now, however, the families of those who were killed are left to mourn their tragic loss, and the city remains on edge as it grapples with this continuing problem.