article: (CNN)  -- Serbian President Boris Tadic has dissolved parliament and called early elections for May 11, following disagreements over Kosovo and the European Union. Serbia president Boris Tadic dissolved parliament following conflict in the government. The Serbian government proposed the move this week, becoming frustrated after clashing with pro-Western Tadic and his party over the issues in cabinet. "This is a new chance for us to reinforce the capacities for the defense of the country's sovereignty and territorial integrity, to improve our economy perspective through the European integration process, to confirm the democratic capacity of our society, and to change things for the better," Tadic said in a statement posted on national news agency Tanjug's Web site. Kosovo infuriated Serbia by declaring its independence last month. That sparked divisions in Serbia about whether to keep pursuing membership in the European Union given that several EU nations have recognized Kosovo's independence. "The Serbian government no longer has a united and common policy, which ... prevents the government from performing its basic constitutional function and conducting the policies of the Republic of Serbia," the government proposal said. Serbian Prime Minister Vojislav Kostunica had said he might resign if Tadic did not call early elections. Kosovo, which is mainly populated by ethnic Albanians, declared independence from Serbia on February 17. However, Serbia -- which regards the region as integral to its history and culture -- has refused to accept the move as being legal, and conservatives do not want to join the EU unless its member states retract any recognition of Kosovo. Tadic, who was narrowly elected to a second term last month, set out his policies in an interview with Spanish newspaper El Pais. "We are not going to relinquish Kosovo. We are going to utilize all of our diplomatic and political recourses in defense of this, but without violence," he said. "The people understand that we should be EU members, that this is in our national interest. We're not going to relinquish Kosovo or becoming EU members. "What's important is to find a compromise. If the Albanians are going to get everything and the Serbians are going to lose everything, there will be a problem. "This is also in Europe's interest. Some of the countries that have illegally recognized Kosovo have committed a historic error."   E-mail to a friend .
highlights: Serbia's president dissolves parliament and calls for early elections on May 11 . Boris Tadic makes move following political conflict over Kosovo's independence . Nationalist Prime Minister Vojislav Kostunica dissolved government at weekend . His party is against joining EU unless its members retract Kosovo recognition .
id: ecdc83d15b27c001dce9dd99a3d765c23bd73086
chatgpt: Serbia's President Boris Tadic has dissolved the country's parliament and called for early elections on May 11. The move follows a political conflict over Kosovo's independence, which has divided the country and its government. In February, nationalist Prime Minister Vojislav Kostunica dissolved the government over a disagreement with the rest of his coalition. Kostunica's Serbian Democratic Party is against joining the European Union unless its members retract their recognition of Kosovo's independence. Kosovo, which is predominantly ethnic Albanian, declared independence from Serbia in 2008. Serbia, along with several other countries including Russia and China, has refused to recognize the new state. Tadic, who supports Serbia's eventual membership in the EU, has been at odds with Kostunica and his party over the issue of Kosovo. Tensions flared last week when Kostunica announced his government's dissolution, saying that he could not remain in a coalition that supported EU membership. Tadic quickly responded by dissolving parliament and calling for early elections, saying that Serbia needed a new government that was committed to moving the country forward. "We have no time to waste," Tadic said in a statement. The move is expected to lead to a new coalition government that will be more pro-EU than Kostunica's government was. Some analysts predict that Tadic's Democratic Party will be the largest party in the next parliament, but will need to form a coalition with smaller parties in order to govern. The election will be closely watched by the EU, which has been pushing for Serbia to adopt a more pro-European stance. The bloc has offered Serbia a path to membership, but has also made it clear that recognition of Kosovo's independence is a key requirement. Many Serbs remain deeply divided over the issue of Kosovo, and the elections are likely to be a heated and emotional affair. However, Tadic has urged his fellow citizens to focus on the future and the need to move forward. "We have a lot of work to do," he said. "Let's start today."