article: (CNN) -- Manchester United fans are used to dramatic finishes, but not against Stoke City at Old Trafford. Alex Ferguson's recently published autobiography maybe full of tales of derring-do against more illustrious opposition, but these are wildly different days at United at present. United were a goal down inside five minutes when Jonny Evans attempted clearance rebounded off Peter Crouch and past David De Gea. Robin van Persie calmed United nerves with an equalizer two minutes before the break but the relief was short-lived when Marko Arnautovic restored Stoke's lead moments later with a well-executed free kick. And that's how it stayed until the 78th minute before Wayne Rooney came to the rescue with a header to bring United level before Javier Hernandez scored the winner two minutes later. Read more: Russian racism furore is latest headache for FIFA . The 3-2 win eases the pressure on David Moyes and keeps United, who have 14 points from nine matches, in touching distance of the league leaders Arsenal. Arsene Wenger's side dispatched bottom-of-the-table Crystal Palace 2-0 at Selhurst Park in the day's early kick-off. The Premier League newboys, who are currently without a manager after Ian Holloway's resignation in midweek, were on equal terms after a competitive first half but Mikel Arteta's 47th minute penalty gave the away side a deserved lead. The Spanish international was later red-carded for a professional foul on former Gunners forward Marouane Chamakh, but Arsenal made sure of the three points when Olivier Giroud headed in Aaron Ramsey's deftly chipped cross. The win keeps Arsene Wenger's side two points clear at the top of the table with 22 points from nine games. Liverpool move up to second after thrashing West Bromwich Albion 4-1 at Anfield. Luis Suarez got the Merseysiders off to a flier with goals in the 12th minute and 17th minute before completing his hat-trick 10 minutes after the break. James Morrison pulled one back for West Brom when he converted from the penalty spot in the 66th minute, but hopes of a comeback were extinguished 11 minutes later when Daniel Sturridge scored a delightful fourth, chipping the ball over goalkeeper Boaz Myhill. Everton's superb early season continued with 2-0 away win against Aston Villa. Romelu Lukaku scored his fifth goal of the season in the 68th minute before Leon Osman doubled the lead 13 minutes later. The Toffees' fifth win in six league games sees them leapfrog Chelsea to go fourth. Jose Mourniho's men can return to second in the table if they beat Manchester City at Stamford Bridge on Sunday. Southampton's good form also continued with a comfortable 2-0 win over Fulham at St Mary's Stadium. First-half goals from Rickie Lambert and Jay Rodriguez lift Southampton to third in the table. Mauricio Pochettino's side have the best defensive record in the league with only three goals conceded in nine matches. Norwich City and Cardiff City drew 0-0 in the other league fixture played Saturday.
highlights: Manchester United make heavy weather of win against Stoke City at Old Trafford . League leaders Arsenal beat Crystal Palae 2-0; Liverpool thrash West Brom 4-1 . Chelsea take on Manchester City at Stamford Bridge on Sunday .
id: 0daec7f389523f7feda370d3790e9252b5b092bf
chatgpt: Manchester United struggled to secure their victory over Stoke City at Old Trafford. Despite taking the lead through a first-half goal from Wayne Rooney, United found it difficult to break down the solid Stoke defence. The visitors had chances to equalize, with Marko Arnautovic hitting the post before half-time. United's lack of creativity in the final third was evident, and manager Louis van Gaal will be worried about his team's inability to assert dominance over a team that has been struggling in the Premier League. However, a goal from Jesse Lingard in the 90th minute secured the three points for the Red Devils. Meanwhile, high-flying Arsenal continued their impressive form with a comfortable 2-0 victory over Crystal Palace. The league leaders dominated the game from start to finish and were rewarded with goals from Olivier Giroud and Mesut Ozil. The win means Arsenal go into the new year at the top of the table, looking like genuine title contenders. Liverpool also had a successful New Year's Eve, thrashing West Brom 4-1 at Anfield. Goals from Roberto Firmino, Philippe Coutinho, and a brace from Sadio Mane secured the win for the Reds. The victory sees Liverpool move up to third place in the league, just six points behind leaders Arsenal. The biggest game of the weekend, however, will take place on Sunday when Chelsea host Manchester City at Stamford Bridge. Both teams are looking to bounce back from disappointing results in their last matches. Chelsea were held to a 2-2 draw by Stoke City, while City suffered a shock defeat to Sunderland. Chelsea have had an inconsistent season so far, with their defence looking shaky at times, and their attacking play lacking the fluidity of last season. However, the return of Eden Hazard to form in recent weeks will be a huge boost, and the Belgian will be hoping to have a big impact against City. City, on the other hand, will be looking to bounce back from their defeat to Sunderland, which saw them slip to fifth in the table. Manager Pep Guardiola will be keen to see a response from his players, and will be hoping that star striker Sergio Aguero can continue his impressive form. The game is sure to be a closely-fought affair, with both teams possessing world-class talent. Chelsea will be hoping to take advantage of home advantage, while City will be looking to prove that they can compete with the best in the league. Overall, it was a mixed weekend for the top teams in the Premier League. While Arsenal, Liverpool and Manchester United all secured important victories, Chelsea and Manchester City will be looking to make amends in Sunday's highly anticipated clash. With the title race looking like it will be one of the closest in recent memory, every point will count as the season moves towards its thrilling conclusion.