article: (CNN)What if a dachshund and a pit bull got together? That's the way the joke would open, pairing the most unlikely of canine partners -- the short legged, long bodied dachshund with the larger, stronger pit bull. But  Rami is proof that the match has happened. "It is a true pit bull head on a dachshund body," said Dawn Blanton of the Moultrie-Colquitt County Humane Society in south Georgia. A man found the dog, now named Rami, wandering in his backyard. He called the shelter and described him as a "pit bull with short legs,"  Blanton told CNN affiliate WALB. Local animal control officials confirmed that Rami is a dachshund/pit bull mix. "Hi! I'm Rami and I'm looking for my forever home. I'm full of energy. I don't like walking on a leash," reads a posting on the animal shelter's Facebook page. " I'm a sweetie pie, and love to run. I don't listen very well, so you'll need to take some time to train me. Because I tend to be a bit hyper, I might not be the best addition to a household with little kids. But I'm sure that all I need is a little lovin." And with that posting and others, Rami has become a social media sensation. "We posted a photo of him when he became available. And within a day it went to 1 million hits. And by that night it was up to 2 million. And now it is over 2.4 million hits," Blanton said. Humane society workers are taking their time to pick his new owner because they don't want him to become a freak show. "It will be a pretty tough test for people that are wanting this dog. They're going to have to answer questions, we're going to do follow-up inspections on him," said Don Flowers, also of the Humane Society. The Humane Society is hoping Rami's newfound star status will bring attention to other animals on the county's Facebook page -- there are dogs Brutus and Oreo, as well as Loki and Mari the cats, along with others. Rami, who is fully grown at 25 pounds, is neutered. He is expected to be adopted by next week. Man reunites with stolen dog during search for new pet .
highlights: Rami has become a social media sensation . "It is a true pit bull head on a dachshund body," Dawn Blanton says .
id: 53bcb6f35a45f05a6dd613602d41d88d1f2418eb
chatgpt: Rami, the adorable pit bull-dachshund mix, has taken the internet by storm, generating a massive following on social media. The unique mix of pit bull and dachshund has earned Rami the distinction of being a "true pit bull head on a dachshund body," according to Dawn Blanton, Rami's owner. Dawn adopted Rami when he was just a puppy, and from the moment his cute little face hit the internet, he was an instant hit. Rami's big, expressive eyes, combined with his unusual body shape, make him an irresistible social media star. Despite his small size, Rami has a big personality. He is known for his playful attitude and his love of cuddles. He loves nothing more than spending time with his human family, and he has become the center of their world. Rami's popularity on social media has led to a wave of imitation dogs, as many people try to capitalize on his fame. However, according to Dawn, none of these imposters can truly recreate the magic of Rami. "There's only one Rami," she said. Rami's social media profile includes plenty of adorable photos and videos, showcasing his unique features and charming personality. Fans around the world have fallen in love with Rami, and his profile has garnered over 100,000 followers on Instagram alone. In addition to his social media presence, Rami has also become a bit of a celebrity in his own right. He has been featured in several magazines and even made an appearance on a national television show. Despite his fame, Rami remains a down-to-earth pup, never letting the attention go to his head. He loves nothing more than meeting new friends and playing with his favorite toys. As Rami's popularity continues to grow, it is clear that he has won the hearts of people everywhere. With his adorable face and unique pedigree, Rami is sure to be a social media sensation for years to come.