article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 00:17 EST, 23 October 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 05:29 EST, 23 October 2012 . Like binders full of women and Big Bird before them, Mitt Romney has become the target of a new string of memes from internet jokesters. Before the conclusion of the third and final debate tonight, the World Wide Web was abuzz with horses and bayonets, a term that stole the show. The president’s sarcastic retort to . Romney's jab about the size of the Navy took off instantly on social . networks and dominated online discussion of the candidates' final . debate. ‘Well, . governor, we also have fewer horses and bayonets... We have these things . called aircraft carriers, where planes land on them,' Obama said. Scroll down for video . Charge: The horses and bayonets line took on new life on social networking sites like Twitter and Facebook . Meme: Before the conclusion of the third and final debate tonight, the World Wide Web was abuzz with the horses and bayonets, a term that stole the show . Face-off: President Obama and Mitt Romney share a laugh as they're introduced at the final presidential debate . He added: 'We . have these ships that go underwater, nuclear submarines. And so the . question is not a game of Battleship, where we're counting ships.' Not long after, a Horses and Bayonets Tumblr page was started. The remarks became comedy gold for . numerous Photoshoppers, taking horses, bayonets and Battleship and . cramming them into the newest online craze. Special guests: One meme brought Big Bird back into the fray, while another invoked 'the most interesting man in the world' from the Dos Equis commercials . Making history: Romney makes a cameo in a Civil War scene, thanks to Obama's 'horses and bayonets' remark . Jokes: It didn't take long for Obama's comment to come back to haunt Romney on the internet . A meme declaring 'Obama just sank Romney's battleship' generated more than 84,000 likes on Facebook and was shared more than 16,000 times in an hour. But it wasn't just the pranksters capitalizing on the remarks. Democratic operatives also bought up 'bayonets' on Twitter, making the search term a promoted tweet from the Obama campaign. Head-to-head: The debate was the final showdown between President Obama and Republican challenger Mitt Romney . Jab: A meme declaring 'Obama just sank Romney's battleship' generated more than 84,000 likes on Facebook and was shared more than 16,000 times in an hour . Hit or miss? Internet jokesters could not get enough of the 'horses and bayonets' and 'Battleship' references . On Twitter, the hashtag horsesandbayonets quickly rocketed to the top of trending topics. One Twitter posted: '#Horsesandbayonets lol. It's sad that debates are won and lost based on zingers, but that one was pretty good.' Another said: 'President Obama sunk the SS Romney tonight.' Watch video here .
highlights: Obama's remarks about Battleship and 'horses and bayonets' become latest internet sensation in presidential debate . Tumblr page and numerous memes sweep Facebook and Twitter . Debate was the third and final face-off between Obama and Romney .
id: f45e2318ce8333b537b8924b2afbd184d5fe1845
chatgpt: President Barack Obama's remarks during the final presidential debate have sparked a new internet sensation. Obama's comments about military spending and technology have been widely shared and commented on, with several memes and social media posts referencing his statements.  During the debate, which was the third and final face-off between Obama and Republican nominee Mitt Romney, the two candidates discussed military spending and the use of technology in the armed forces. Romney accused Obama of reducing military spending, to which the President responded by saying that the military's needs have changed. Obama's now-famous quote came when he pointed out that the military no longer uses horses and bayonets, and that it had to adapt to advances in technology. "We have these things called aircraft carriers, where planes land on them. We have these ships that go underwater, nuclear submarines," Obama said. "And so the question is not a game of Battleship, where we're counting ships. It's what are our capabilities?" Almost immediately after the debate, a Tumblr page was created called "Horses and bayonets". The page features images and memes referencing the President's quote, as well as reiterations of his argument that military technology has evolved. The "Horses and bayonets" page has since garnered thousands of followers and shares. The Tumblr page was not the only place where Obama's remarks gained traction. Facebook and Twitter were both awash with posts featuring the now-famous quote. Some users shared images of old-style military gear, while others posted jokes about Romney's "Battleship" comment. One Twitter user even suggested that the Battleship board game should be renamed "Aircraft Carriers and Nuclear Submarines" in honor of Obama's remarks. While some have criticized the Tumblr page and the social media posts for trivializing the debate, others have praised them for their humor and creativity. Several commentators have also noted that the internet's response to Obama's comments shows the importance of technology and social media in modern political discourse. The rapid spread of memes and other internet content means that politicians need to be mindful of how their words and actions are perceived online. Overall, Obama's remarks about horses and bayonets have become the latest internet sensation. Whether they will have any impact on the election remains to be seen, but they are certainly a reminder of the power of technology and social media in shaping political discourse.