article: (CNN) -- "The fastest man in rugby" could soon be showing his sprinting skills in the NFL after the Detroit Lions signed United States sevens international Carlin Isles. Isles was a college sprinter in the 60 meters at Ashland United and has completed the 40-yard dash in under 4.3 seconds. His fastest 100m time of 10.13s would have qualified for the semifinals at the London 2012 Olympics. A winger in rugby, he will be a wide receiver in the Lions' practice squad. The 24-year-old, who took up rugby in 2012, was given his chance following a trial after tight end Matt Veldman was promoted to the Lions' active roster. "If you want to develop one of those guys you have to give some guys a chance here or there and this was an opportunity to be able to do that because of the way our roster is and bringing some of the guys up that we have, we have a spot open," Lions coach Jim Schwartz told the NFL's team website. The move does not mean Isles will pack in rugby altogether as he confirmed on his official Twitter account that he will be taking part in the next round of the Sevens World Series in Las Vegas on January 24-26. "Rugby is quite similar to American football," Isles told CNN's Rugby Sevens Worldwide show last month. "Besides the blocking and no pads, the tackling is similar. But American football you've got breaks -- rugby, you don't have no breaks, you've got to keep running and running." Isles, who played gridiron at high school and college in Ohio before becoming a professional athlete, isn't the first player from another sport to attempt the transition. Indianapolis Colts gave former rugby union player Daniel Adongo two games earlier this year, while Lawrence Okoye, a discus thrower at the 2012 Olympics, is on the books of the San Francisco 49ers. "He's a legit track guy," said Schwartz of Isles. "I mean, his background happened to be rugby, but it's probably more track and that speed -- that's not unusual at all to see track athletes get chances." And the Lions coach is confident Isles can successfully make the switch. "An athlete's an athlete," said Schwartz. "There are skills that you can develop, and if you see something you like then you can work with him. "I think our personnel department does a really good job of searching that. There's a lot of layers to stuff like that, but whether it's a rugby player or a basketball player, if they can bring something to the table that is unique and make it worth working with them then we're open to it." The Lions are looking to improve next year after a disappointing campaign in which the team has dropped from a 6-3 record to 7-8 ahead of this weekend's regular-season finale against Minnesota Vikings.
highlights: Detroit Lions sign United States rugby sevens international Carlin Isles . Isles impressed after being invited to a routine workout with the NFL side . He has been signed as a wide receiver for the Lions' practice squad .
id: a27c493b529c4b07b42eb863593e81207d077df8
chatgpt: The Detroit Lions have announced the signing of Carlin Isles, former United States rugby sevens international, as a member of their practice squad. The speedy 31-year-old impressed during a routine workout with the NFL side and caught the attention of the Lions' coaching staff. Isles, who became the fastest rugby player in the world with a 100m time of 10.13 seconds, is known for his blistering pace and agility on the field. He made a name for himself playing rugby sevens, a shorter version of the traditional 15-a-side game, and represented the United States in several international tournaments, including the Rugby World Cup Sevens in 2013 and 2018. The Lions' head coach, Matt Patricia, expressed his excitement about the addition of Isles to the team's practice squad, stating that he has the potential to bring a unique skill set to the team. "We're excited to have Carlin join our practice squad and see what he can bring to the table," Patricia said. "He's a tremendous athlete with incredible speed and explosiveness, and we believe he has a chance to develop into a valuable contributor for us in the future." Isles, who played football in high school but shifted his focus to rugby in college, admitted that he has a lot to learn about the game of football but is eager to make the most of this opportunity. "I'm grateful for this chance to join the Detroit Lions and be a part of their practice squad," Isles said. "I know I have a lot to learn about the game of football, but I'm excited to work hard and see where this journey takes me." Isles' signing with the Lions is not the first time a rugby player has made the transition to football. Several notable players, including former San Francisco 49ers running back Jarryd Hayne, have made the switch in recent years. While it remains to be seen if Isles will ultimately make it onto the Lions' active roster, his signing is a testament to his impressive athleticism and his willingness to take on a new challenge. For now, Isles will continue to train with the Lions' practice squad and work to develop his skills as a wide receiver. With his speed and agility, he certainly has the potential to make an impact on the football field, and Lions fans will be eager to see what the future holds for this talented athlete.