article: Los Angeles, California (CNN) -- A Los Angeles County grand jury has indicted the former city administrator of Vernon, California, an industrial city that borders scandal-plagued Bell, on three felony counts after an investigation into questionable business practices. Court documents show that Donal O'Callaghan has been indicted on two counts of conflict of interest and a count of public officer crime related to the misappropriation of public funds. The Los Angeles County District Attorney's Office says the counts against O'Callaghan, 54, involve an alleged misappropriation of more than $140,000. "The law prevents public officials from making contracts the have a personal interest in and Mr. O'Callaghan made a contract that paid his wife money," said deputy District Attorney Max Huntsman. "We're alleging he paid her more than $140,000." The grand jury was looking into business deals between O'Callaghan and his wife, Kimberly McBride. According to Vernon city records, the city hired McBride in 2009 as a $40-per-hour consultant and for "administrative account services." "It's preposterous that he was indicted for the hiring of his wife, which was done with the knowledge and consent of the city attorney and the City Council of Vernon," defense lawyer Mark Werksman told CNN. "We are seeing an overreaction and hysterical response to the scandal in neighboring Bell," he said. "They are looking for examples of municipal government corruption behind every bush. But it isn't here." Huntsman disagreed with Werksman's contention. 'I think it's a reaction to Vernon, which has a long history of criminal behavior by public officials. We heard complaints against Mister O'Callaghan, looked into the law and found a basis for the charges," Huntsman said. "The fact that it coincides with criminal charges against officials in Bell has to do with raised public awareness about corruption in municipal governments." O'Callaghan, who was not taken into custody, pleaded not guilty and posted a $50,000 bond, Huntsman said. His next court date is December 3. If convicted, his maximum sentence is four years and eight months in prison, prosecutors said. The former official was placed on administrative leave August 26 and resigned his city position October 14. The California attorney general's office also has launched an investigation into questionable business practices in the industrial city. Vernon has a population of a little less than 100 people, according to the Los Angeles Almanac. But Vernon is home to more than 1,800 businesses, including Farmer John, Tapatio Hot Sauce and Seven For All Mankind Jeans, stacked into just five square miles. The former city manager of Bell, along with four City Council members, two former council members and a former assistant city manager, were arrested in September and face charges that include misappropriation of funds, conflict of interest and making or receiving illegal loans.
highlights: NEW: Accused pleads not guilty . O'Callaghan was city administrator in Vernon in Los Angeles County . A grand jury was looking at his business deals with his wife . County on a corruption witch hunt, Donal O'Callaghan's lawyer says .
id: 28808c10046b75e9c61d7eb3f1de1884a9759ca1
chatgpt: Former City Administrator of Vernon, Los Angeles County, Donal O'Callaghan, pleaded not guilty to charges of corruption in a grand jury hearing yesterday. O'Callaghan was accused of engaging in business deals with his wife that were allegedly fraudulent. O'Callaghan's lawyer, Joseph Goldberg, spoke to the press outside the courthouse following the hearing, describing the proceedings as a "witch hunt" by the county. "They're looking to make an example of my client, who has dedicated his career to serving the people of Vernon," Goldberg said. The case stems from an investigation carried out by the county into O'Callaghan's business dealings, which were scrutinized by a grand jury. The former city administrator allegedly used his position to engage in fraudulent business with his wife, which resulted in him receiving personal financial gain. The grand jury's indictment described O'Callaghan as having "sought to maximize his personal financial gain by leveraging his position as city administrator." The charges leveled against O'Callaghan included embezzlement, fraud, and receiving bribes. O'Callaghan's defense lawyer, however, contends that the charges are baseless and that his client's dealings were completely legal. Goldberg maintained that the investigation was carried out with malicious intent and that the county was on a "corruption witch hunt." "He's innocent, and we will prove it," Goldberg said of his client. "The county has a vendetta against my client because of his record of public service. They're trying to make an example of him, and we will not stand for it." If convicted, O'Callaghan faces the possibility of serving time in prison, as well as fines and restitution for the funds he allegedly embezzled. The former city administrator, however, remains confident that he will be vindicated and that his good name will be restored. "I have done nothing wrong," O'Callaghan said in a statement released by his lawyers. "These charges are baseless and represent an attempt by the county to smear my character and reputation. I look forward to the day when I will be exonerated in a court of law." The trial date for O'Callaghan's case has not yet been set, but his defense team maintains that they will be ready to fight the charges against their client. For now, O'Callaghan remains free on bail and has the support of his family and friends, who believe in his innocence.