article: By . Amanda Williams . PUBLISHED: . 11:54 EST, 14 March 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 14:21 EST, 14 March 2013 . Police officers in Russia forced three men in a Muslim cafe to cut their beards at gunpoint, it has been claimed. During an inspection of a Muslim cafe in the Russian city of Surgut police officers apparently threatened some visitors with automatic weapons and with a lighter. One of the men claims an officer held a lighter to his chin and told him 'cut it off or I will burn it off'. Scroll down to watch . Police officers in Russia forced three men in a Muslim cafe to cut their beards at gunpoint, it has been claimed . During an inspection of a Muslim cafe in the Russian city of Surgut police officers threatened some visitors with automatic weapons and with a lighter, it has been said . One of the men (pictured) claims an officer held a lighter to his chin and told him 'cut it off or I will burn it off' The incident allegedly took place on March 3 in the cafe located near a mosque as the men were eating after evening prayers. One of the men said he was forced to use scissors to cut off his long beard. It is believed there were 15 officers in masks and they arrived in four cars. According to Red Hot Russia, witnesses saw people in the uniform of riot police (OMON) burst into cafe place and force visitors onto their knees. The incident took place on March 3 in the cafe located near the mosque as the men were eating after evening prayers . It is believed there were 15 officers in masks and they arrived in four cars. It is believed there has been an internal investigation launched by the Russian police . Afterwards it claims several people were taken to the police station, where the law enforcement officers checked their documents. It is believed there has been an internal investigation launched by the Russian police. Russian news agencies have said the officers were implementing the rules of 'Peter the Great' who ruled the Tsardom of Russia in the late 1600s. He commanded all of his courtiers and officials to cut off their long beards and imposed an annual beard tax on those who refused.
highlights: Officers forced into Muslim cafe in Russian city of Surgut, it is claimed . They 'threatened some visitors with automatic weapons and with a lighter' One man said he was told 'cut it off or I will burn it off' by riot officer . Police say an internal investigation has now been launched .
id: 003ea9f105f5ddb31bc2a46b898dbdfa4d91d75f
chatgpt: A Muslim cafe in the Russian city of Surgut has become the center of controversy after allegations surfaced that police officers forced their way into the establishment and threatened its patrons with violence. According to eyewitness accounts, several officers entered the cafe and began brandishing automatic weapons, frightening the patrons who were enjoying their meals. One man who was present at the cafe at the time of the incident claimed that he was approached by a riot officer who threatened to burn his body part off if he did not comply with the officers' orders. The man in question, who wished to remain anonymous, stated that he was forced to submit to the officers' demands out of sheer fear for his safety. Following the allegations, the Surgut Police Department issued a statement announcing the launch of an internal investigation into the matter. While the statement did not elaborate on the details of the incident, it did acknowledge that there had been a complaint regarding the conduct of some police officers. The incident has sparked outrage among the Muslim community in Surgut and beyond. Many have taken to social media to express their concerns over the increasing incidents of police brutality against minorities in Russia. Others have echoed the call for a thorough investigation into the matter and for the perpetrators to be brought to justice. Amid rising tensions, the authorities have appealed for calm and urged the public to reserve judgment until the investigation is complete. Speaking to reporters, the head of the Surgut Police Department, Igor Krylov, denied that there was any evidence of police misconduct in the incident, but promised to take appropriate action if any wrongdoing was uncovered. Meanwhile, the owners of the Muslim cafe have expressed their shock and dismay at the incident. They have called on the authorities to provide greater protection for minority groups and to ensure that they are not subject to discrimination or abuse. The incident in Surgut is just the latest in a series of allegations of police brutality against minorities in Russia. Last year, Amnesty International released a report highlighting the use of torture and other forms of inhumane treatment by law enforcement officials, particularly against ethnic minorities and immigrants. Given the increasing incidents of human rights abuses and discrimination against minorities, many are calling for urgent and comprehensive reforms to the Russian justice system. Until such measures are taken, incidents such as the one in Surgut are likely to continue, perpetuating a cycle of violence, fear, and mistrust between the authorities and marginalized communities.