article: Washington (CNN) -- Some foreign students who enroll and graduate from U.S. flight schools are in the U.S. illegally, despite extensive post-9/11 efforts to vet student pilots, congressional investigators said Wednesday. Stephen Lord, an investigative chief with the Government Accountability Office, declined to say how many student pilots he found to be wrongly in the country, saying that the Transportation Security Administration had deemed the number to be "sensitive security information." But, he said, his study showed "weaknesses" in the TSA's vetting process that need to be fixed. The holes are "extremely disturbing," House Homeland Security subcommittee Chairman Rep. Mike Rogers said. "It's completely unacceptable that a decade after 9/11 GAO has uncovered weaknesses in our security controls that were supposed to be fixed a decade ago," Rogers said. Several of the terrorists who carried out the attacks of September 11, 2001, including leader Mohammed Atta, trained at U.S. flight schools before conducting their attack, and government leaders vowed to prevent such a mistake from happening again. For illegal immigrant graduates, a 'leap of faith' answered . Today, the TSA vets foreign student pilots against terror watch lists and conducts fingerprint-based criminal background checks, but it does not vet them against immigration databases, the GAO lead investigator said. Lord said his group downloaded an FAA database of pilots and compared it to TSA's database of student pilots who had completed background checks. "In a perfect world, the two databases would match," Lord said. "But we were surprised to find that some ... of the foreign nationals holding pilots' licenses were not in the TSA's databases, indicating that some foreign nationals had not been vetted before receiving flight training, and ultimately receiving pilots' licenses." The hole first came to public light in 2010 when local police stopped the owner of a Massachusetts flight school for a traffic violation and discovered he was in the country illegally. Federal immigration officials investigated and found that 25 of the foreign nationals at the school had been vetted by the TSA and had been approved to begin flight training. But further investigation revealed that eight of the students had entered the country illegally and 17 had overstayed their visas. Kerwin Wilson, the TSA's general manager for general aviation, said the TSA is taking steps to address the matter. "We do have a plan in place. We're working very closely with ICE (Immigration and Customs Enforcement) in terms of automating the process to ensure that TSA is also checking for immigration status as well as the Terrorist Screening database," he said. Rep. Chip Cravaak, R-Minnesota, said the government needs a "common-sense solution" to prevent another 9/11-style attack, but said no solution would be perfect. "We will never have 100 percent security. That just won't happen. Somebody that is perfectly normal one day can flip, because of whatever pressures he or she is under," he said.
highlights: GAO chief investigator says he found "weaknesses" in the TSA's vetting process . TSA deems number of pilots in U.S. illegally "sensitive security information," he says . TSA vets student pilots against terror watch lists and conducts criminal checks . But the agency doesn't vet them against immigration databases, GAO official says .
id: c2f7a59f01f801a9c9b95d914fde3110acaefaa5
chatgpt: A recent investigation by the Government Accountability Office (GAO) found that the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) has "weaknesses" in its vetting process for pilots. The GAO chief investigator reported that the agency does not check student pilots against immigration databases, potentially allowing illegal immigrants to obtain pilot licenses. The TSA currently vets student pilots against terror watch lists and conducts criminal background checks. However, the agency has deemed the number of pilots in the U.S. who are in the country illegally to be "sensitive security information," making it difficult for officials to determine the extent of the problem. The potential security risk posed by illegal immigrants obtaining pilot licenses has been a concern for years, and the GAO investigation highlights the need for stricter vetting procedures. It is unclear how many illegal immigrant pilots may be currently operating in the U.S. The GAO report also noted that the TSA has been slow to implement its ongoing efforts to strengthen vetting for student pilots. The agency began revising its vetting procedures for student pilots in 2015 in response to a 2014 report from the Homeland Security Department's inspector general. The IG had found that the TSA did not have adequate procedures in place for vetting foreign nationals seeking pilot training in the U.S. Since then, the TSA has implemented a number of changes, including requiring flight schools to submit background information on their students and conduct fingerprint-based criminal history checks. However, the GAO report suggests that more needs to be done to ensure that illegal immigrants are not slipping through the cracks. The GAO recommendations include conducting regular audits of the TSA's vetting procedures and implementing additional measures to check student pilots against immigration databases. The report also advises the TSA to develop a plan for addressing any identified weaknesses in the vetting process. In response to the GAO report, the TSA has issued a statement emphasizing that it takes security concerns seriously and is working on further improving its vetting procedures. The agency also notes that it has implemented additional measures in recent years to address the specific concerns highlighted in the report. Still, the findings of the GAO investigation raise important questions about the effectiveness of TSA's screening process, and it remains to be seen what steps the agency will take to address the weaknesses identified by the report. As concerns over aviation security continue to mount, ensuring that pilots operating in the U.S. are properly vetted will be critical to maintaining a safe and secure aviation system.