article: By . Daily Mail Reporters . Tragic: Little Kendarius Edwards was killed Saturday when gunmen broke into his home and opened fire . A nine-month-old baby boy who was shot dead by four masked gunmen this weekend was a senseless victim in an escalating cycle of murders and shootings outside Atlanta, police say. Little Kendarius Edwards was killed as his mother tried desperately to protect him when the killers kicked down the door of his DeKalb County, Georgia, home Saturday - looking to retaliate for a murder two weeks ago and the killing of a 19-year-old witness, detectives believe. Detectives have now released the names of two teens who they believe are responsible for the murders that kicked off the spate of violence. Cutrez Johnson, 16, aka 'Lil Red,' and Oslushla Smith, 19, aka 'Budda' or 'Boo' live at the house on Lani Farm Road where the boy was killed Saturday, the Atlanta Journal-Constitution. They weren't home when the gunmen broke in - but Kendarius and three women, age 36, 23, were. The shooters, all wearing black masks chased the women through the house. The victims tried to lock themselves in a bedroom, but their assailants kicked in the door. Police say they sprayed the room with bullets. All three women were wounded, though the injuries were not life-threatening. The baby boy was killed. Wanted: Cutrez Johnson, 16, aka 'Lil Red,' (left) and Oslushla Smith, 19, aka 'Budda' or 'Boo' (right) are responsible for a killing that kicked off the spate of violence that led to Kendarius' death . Neighbors left stuffed animals at the DeKalb County home where a nine-month-old boy was shot dead and three women were wounded . 'It's insane, it's insane,' DeKalb Police Chief Cedric Alexander told the AJC. Detectives believe Johnson and Smith were responsible for shooting dead Michael Phillips, 29, at a party on May 3. A third man, Kemontay Cullins, 18, was arrested Sunday in connection with that murder, as well. On Saturday, five hours before the shooting, police got an anonymous tip that led them to the body of Alexis Malone, 19 - who was a witness to the  May 3 shooting of Phillips. Investigators say that the gunmen who killed little Kendarius were retaliating against Johnson and ~Smith for the deaths of Phillips and Malone when they opened fire on the three women at the house on Lani Farm Road Saturday. Police are also seeking a second witness to Phillips' murder,  Kayla Dixon. Detectives believe Kayla Dixon witnessed on the first murders in DeKalb County's chain of violence . Authorities believe the murders may have been retaliation for a killing in May .
highlights: Little Kendarius Edwards was killed when four gunmen broke into the house where he was living and opened fire . Police believe the masked shooters were looking for Cutrez Johnson and Oslushia Smith . Johnson, 16, and Smith, 19, are suspected in a May 3 murder of a 29-year-old man at a party . Police think the attack on Kendarius' home was retaliation .
id: 79fce34c1bbdeddb62853a166885de8d29829a75
chatgpt: Tragedy struck a family in Jackson, Missisippi when four gunmen broke into their home and opened fire, killing Little Kendarius Edwards. The masked shooters were targeting Cutrez Johnson and Oslushia Smith, who are believed to be involved in a murder at a party on May 3rd where a 29-year-old man was killed. The attack on Kendarius' home has left the community shocked and saddened. The innocent 6-year-old boy was not the intended target, but was caught in the crossfire of a retaliation attack. Police are currently investigating the incident and are working to track down the suspects. The community is also coming together to offer support to Kendarius' family during this difficult time. Many have taken to social media to express their condolences and call for justice for Kendarius. The tragic incident has once again brought attention to the ongoing issue of gun violence in the United States. Innocent children like Kendarius are far too often caught in the middle of senseless acts of violence. "Our hearts go out to Kendarius' family during this unimaginable time of grief," said Jackson Police Chief James Davis. "We will work tirelessly to bring those responsible for this heinous act to justice." The murder of the 29-year-old man at the May 3rd party has also highlighted the need for better measures to address and prevent gun violence. Many are calling for stricter gun control laws to help prevent tragedies like this from happening in the future. Kendarius' death has left a community in mourning and a family devastated. It serves as a tragic reminder of the impact that gun violence can have on innocent lives. As the investigation continues, the community will come together to honor the memory of Little Kendarius Edwards and demand justice for his untimely death.