article: Craig Stewart, 31, admitted three charges of possessing a knife at the village hall in Llandderfel . A birthday party guest threatened another man with a knife – after he was accused of eating too much sage and onion stuffing. Craig Peter Stewart, 31, felt ‘insulted’ by a fellow guest as he helped himself to food from a buffet table at the village hall in Llandderfel in Gwynedd, Wales, a court heard. He walked the 200 yards to his home and changed into different clothes before picking up three knives – a 5inch kitchen knife, a 3inch paring knife and a large bread knife - and headed back to the party. Dolgellau magistrates heard that he ‘brandished the knife in a threatening manner’ and was ‘making threats with the knife’ towards the man he said had ‘insulted’ him. Magistrates were told the group of partygoers were left ‘absolutely terrified’. ‘All the witnesses say they believed the defendant was going to use the knife’ and were ‘scared for their safety,’ the court heard. Police were called to the hall just after 2am on August 24 and found Stewart being restrained by two of the revellers. When officers searched him they found two of the knives nearby and another tucked in the waistband of his trousers. In defence, the court heard that Stewart had returned to the party with the knives as he ‘wanted more food’ and there was ‘no cutlery on the buffet table’. The court also heard that he had decided to change his clothes because he was ‘freezing’. Prosecutors, however, labelled his version of events ‘fantastical’. While the court heard that Stewart is ‘distraught’ at his actions and that it was a ‘one-off incident’, new guidelines  mean that anyone convicted of a knife-related crime now faces a stiff penalty. Stewart, of Llandderfel, Gwynedd, pleaded guilty to three charges of possessing a knife when he appeared before magistrates on Thursday, October 16. He is due to be sentenced at Caernarfon Crown Court on Thursday November 6 after Dolgellau magistrates ruled that they were unable to impose a sufficiently tough sentence. He was released on conditional bail until the hearing. He appeared at Dolgellau Magistrates' Court where he pleaded guilty to three charges of possessing a knife .
highlights: Craig Stewart said he felt 'insulted' by a fellow guest at village hall party . He had been helping himself to sage and onion stuffing from buffet table . He walked home and changed clothes before returning with three knives . A court heard he had 'brandished the knife in a threatening manner' Defence said he had returned with knives because there was no cutlery . Stewart pleaded guilty to possessing a knife and could now face jail .
id: b5717f546379b53eaf6f5c360ead85472b747d08
chatgpt: A man who felt "insulted" at a village hall party ended up brandishing three knives, a court heard. Craig Stewart had been helping himself to some sage and onion stuffing on the buffet table when he claimed to have been insulted by a fellow guest. After walking home and changing his clothes, he returned to the party armed with three knives. Stewart was accused of brandishing the knife in a threatening manner, but his defense argued that he had only brought them because there was no cutlery available. The court was told that Stewart had pleaded guilty to possessing a knife and could now face jail time. The incident took place at a rural village hall where locals often hold events and gatherings. According to witnesses, Stewart had been behaving oddly throughout the evening, and many had noticed him going back and forth to the buffet table. When Stewart returned to the party with the knives, he allegedly began waving them around in a threatening manner. It's unclear what exactly he intended to do with them, but witnesses say that his behavior was erratic and frightening. The defense argued that Stewart had only brought the knives because he needed them to eat his food, but the court was not convinced. The judge pointed out that bringing three knives to a party was not a normal thing to do, and that Stewart had clearly intended to use them in some way. Stewart's guilty plea means that he could face a custodial sentence, which would be a serious blow to his family and friends. However, the judge noted that Stewart had shown remorse for his actions and had no previous criminal history. The incident has left many in the village shocked and bewildered. It's not everyday that a peaceful gathering at the local village hall ends in violence and threat. The court's decision will be eagerly awaited by all those involved, and by the wider community as a whole.