article: Nairobi, Kenya (CNN) -- Sala saunters in the red soil, her wrinkled skin glistening in the sun as she tries to keep up with the rest of the herd. It is hard to believe the 6-week-old, dwarfed by her human keeper, will grow up to be one of nature's biggest beasts. Until then, she lives at a Nairobi orphanage that takes in baby elephants struggling to survive. There, she walks around in the lush wilderness with her peers, drinks soy milk and waves her trunk playfully as her keeper applies sunscreen on her delicate skin. A red garment tied around her back keeps it safe from the sun's glare. Sala is one of scores of animals orphaned by drought, poaching and shrinking habitats, which have decimated wildlife across Kenya. The baby elephant was found wandering, alone and confused, after her mother died of starvation, her caretaker said. Conservation groups such as the David Sheldrick Foundation, where Sala is, have seen an influx of wildlife. The foundation takes in orphaned elephants and rhinos from across the country, a popular tourist destination because of its animals. "You know if a human child came in need of care, you wouldn't put a bullet in or turn it away," said Daphne Sheldrick of the foundation. "Elephants are the same. ... Whatever comes in, we have to make space." The facility has more than 20 elephants in Nairobi and more at another center in Tsavo National Park, where they are also rehabilitated. Kenya depends on tourism as a main source of income. Sala taps into that to help earn the $900 monthly cost for her upkeep. She slushes and slides in a mud bath for throngs of tourists and uses her trunk to nudge the only other person she dwarfs -- a squirming toddler. Sala and the other animals will be released back into the wilderness when they are old enough, which takes years. Long after they are gone, their caretakers will still worry about the fragile animals they help nurture. "After working with these elephants, it's no longer just a job," said Edwin Lusichi, the chief keeper. "It is from inside your heart, the love that you have for these animals."
highlights: Conservation groups have seen an influx of wildlife . Scores of animals are orphaned by drought, poaching and shrinking habitats . David Sheldrick Foundation makes room for all the elephants that come its way .
id: 6d15a3fa6e8914e6e10b4cdde3b1db18115db816
chatgpt: Conservation groups in Africa have seen an unprecedented influx of wildlife over the past few years. Scores of animals, including elephants, lions, and rhinoceros, have been orphaned due to drought, poaching, and shrinking habitats. Despite the challenges facing them, organizations such as the David Sheldrick Wildlife Trust have been making room for all the elephants that come their way. Based in Kenya, this foundation is dedicated to helping young elephants who have been orphaned by poaching or other causes. They provide the animals with specialized care until they are ready to be reintroduced to the wild. According to a spokesperson for the David Sheldrick Foundation, the organization has seen a significant increase in the number of orphaned elephants they have taken in over the past few years. “We’ve had to expand our facilities to accommodate all of the animals we take in,” the spokesperson said. “It’s a tough job, but it’s one we’re passionate about.” Despite the challenges, the foundation has been successful in rehabilitating and reintegrating many elephants back into the wild. In fact, many of the elephants they have rehabilitated have gone on to have their own families in the wild. The foundation has also been working to raise awareness about the plight of elephants and other wildlife in Africa. They believe that education and awareness-raising are key to reducing the number of animals being orphaned and to help combat the illegal poaching trade that plagues the continent. Conservation groups across Africa are facing similar challenges as the David Sheldrick Foundation. The loss of habitat and poaching have taken a toll on many species in the region. However, through the hard work and dedication of organizations such as the David Sheldrick Foundation, there is still hope for the wildlife of Africa. The work being done by the foundation is a reminder that with dedication and persistence, even the most daunting challenges can be overcome. By providing a safe haven for orphaned elephants and educating the public about the challenges facing wildlife in Africa, the David Sheldrick Foundation is making a difference in the lives of these majestic animals.