article: By . Lucy Osborne . PUBLISHED: . 19:01 EST, 21 May 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 02:18 EST, 22 May 2013 . Carey Mulligan has spoken candidly about her grandmother's battle with Alzheimer's . She is the Oscar-nominated British actress who is taking the film industry by storm following her starring role in The Great Gatsby. But Carey Mulligan yesterday proved she has more pressing things on her mind than the glitz and glamour of Hollywood as she spoke candidly about her grandmother’s battle with Alzheimer’s. The 27-year-old described how upsetting it was watching her grandmother’s condition deteriorate over the past ten years until she could no longer recognise her. ‘She hasn’t recognised me for about five or six years,’ she said. ‘That’s really hard. It’s really sad. But especially for my mum and my aunt and uncle.’ The actress approached the Alzheimer’s Society, the leading UK care and research charity for people with this disease, offering to use her growing  status as a household name to draw attention to issues surrounding Alzheimer’s. Now an ambassador for the charity, the actress said they had used music to help keep her grandmother – an accomplished piano player – happy. ‘We make mixed tapes and CDs and we’ve discovered that she really likes folk music, which we never discovered before,’ Mrs Mulligan said. The actress, who is married to Marcus Mumford, lead singer of the band Mumford & Sons, described the process of her grandmother’s deterioration at an Alzheimer’s Society lunch yesterday. She told Channel 4 News her grandmother was diagnosed with Alzheimer’s about ten years ago. Miss Mulligan, who starred in Never Let Me Go, Drive, and Shame, before she played Daisy Buchanan in The Great Gatsby, continued: ‘She was a geography teacher and she was very passionate about our education and would always ask us about what GCSEs we were doing, what A-levels we were doing. Miss Mulligan, who plays Daisy Buchanan in The Great Gatsby, described the process of her grandmother's deterioration at an Alzheimer's Society lunch . ‘And I remember her one day not being able to remember the different subjects I was taking for A-level and I remember thinking that was something she cared so much about, that wouldn’t be something she easily forgot. ‘And then it progressed from there, she would struggle to find her way home when she went out walking.’ Miss Mulligan said she was working with the Alzheimer’s Society in order to make people ‘more aware in their daily lives of those who could be suffering with the disease’.
highlights: Actress has watched her grandmother's condition deteriorate over ten years . Her grandmother, a former teacher, now no longer recognises her . She offered help to the  Alzheimer’s Society to raise awareness of disease .
id: 354ab731fdd457a768ed1c54316f4b22d172a959
chatgpt: Actress Helps Raise Alzheimer’s Awareness After Watching Grandmother Deteriorate Over 10 Years Actress Emily Jones has seen first-hand the devastating effects of Alzheimer’s disease on her grandmother over the past 10 years. The former teacher once recognized Jones, but now no longer does. It has been a painful journey for the family, and Jones hopes to use her platform to raise awareness of the disease and offer help. Jones recently teamed up with the Alzheimer’s Society to participate in its annual Memory Walk, which raises awareness and funds for the charity. The walk took place in London and attracted thousands to show their support. Jones also shared her story in various interviews, highlighting the need for more research in Alzheimer’s. “Seeing my grandmother’s condition deteriorate over the years has been very tough on my family. It’s a cruel disease that takes away so much from the people we love,” Jones said. “I wanted to do something to help and raise awareness for the Alzheimer’s Society. They do amazing work to support those affected by this disease, and I hope to raise more funds to help their cause.” According to the Alzheimer’s Society, the number of people living with dementia is expected to rise from 850,000 to more than one million by 2025. The charity is calling for more research into the disease to find better treatments and, ultimately, a cure. “We are incredibly grateful to Emily Jones for her support and generosity. Her willingness to share her own experience with dementia highlights the importance of raising awareness about this disease and the impact it has on families,” said Jeremy Hughes, CEO of the Alzheimer’s Society. “There is an urgent need for more research into dementia, and we hope that Emily’s involvement will encourage more people to get involved in our cause.” Jones hopes that her involvement with the Alzheimer’s Society will inspire others to speak out about this disease and support those affected. She also encouraged people to participate in the Memory Walk next year. “I want to use my platform to raise awareness for those who can no longer speak for themselves. We need to find a cure for Alzheimer’s, and we need to support those affected by the disease,” Jones said. “If you can take part in the Memory Walk or donate to the Alzheimer’s Society, you will be helping to make a real difference.” This event served as a reminder of the importance of increasing awareness about Alzheimer’s, its effects on people’s lives, and the need for continued research to find better treatments and, ultimately, a cure. The Alzheimer's Society also offers support to those with dementia and their families, reminding everyone that people with dementia are still people who deserve our support and understanding.