article: By . Emma Innes . An Indonesian baby has been born with a huge tumour on the right side of his face, causing his head to become heart-shaped. Muhammad Nafi, who is two weeks old, has a massive growth which has been increasing in size rapidly since before he was born. He has been left with a drastically swollen and misshapen head. Muhammad Nafi has a huge, and rapidly growing, tumour on the right-hand side of his face . Now, his parents are desperately trying to raise money to pay for him to have treatment. Muhammad is the second child of mother Mailani, 22, and father Buasin, 32, who works as a farmer in a remote and isolated area of West Kalimantan. ‘I am confused of what I have to do with my son. I can only submit myself to the fate,’ Mrs Nafi said. Muhammad is currently being cared for at St Antonius Hospital in Pontianak, the capital of West Kalimantan province. He was born weighing a healthy 7lbs with the help of a midwife. His mother said she experienced no major problems during her pregnancy, although she did feel nauseous from the fourth month onwards. Muhammad's parents are desperately trying to raise money for him to have surgery to remove the tumour . However, because the couple live so far from a hospital, she was forced to rely on medicine from small shops in nearby villages. Mr Nafi said: ‘Well, what else should I do? I'm completely flustered. I can only be resigned to accept it. ‘At first my son was hospitalised in Sukadana in Kayong Utara Region, then he was referred to be taken care at a hospital in Ketapang Region. ‘There, they couldn't do much for my son's disease either. Therefore, we took our son to the Regional Public Hospital (RSUD).’ The tumour has prevented part of Muhammad's skull forming properly meaning surgery to remove it would leave his brain exposed . However, unhappy with the treatment their son received there, the couple transferred him to St Antonius. The parents are now trying to raise funds to pay for the growth to be removed, although surgery will have to be delayed until Muhammad is at least three months old. At present, the operation is considered too risky as the tumour has left the baby's skull open and unformed on the right half of his face, leaving his brain exposed. Muhammad's mother says her pregnancy was normal but that she felt nauseous from the fourth month . The tumour has affected the functioning of Muhammad right eye, but more extensive examinations are needed to see if his other organs are working normally. ‘Hopefully my son will be recovered soon,’ Mr Nafi said. ‘Some people have already helped, but it isn't enough yet. In fact, there hasn't been any help from the local government of Kayong Utara Region.’ MailOnline is attempting to establish where donations can be sent.
highlights: Muhammad Nafi, who is two weeks old, was born with a huge facial tumour . His parents are trying to raise money for him to have surgery . The tumour has left his skull unformed on one side of his head . This means if it was removed, his brain would be exposed .
id: 57104d943c1d6bf962f1e519de7254712281bb30
chatgpt: Muhammad Nafi, a two-week-old baby from Pakistan, was born with a rare and massive facial tumor that has left his parents with a difficult decision to make. The tumor has left one side of the baby's skull unformed, which means that if it is removed, his brain would be exposed. However, his parents are now desperately trying to raise funds to have the tumor removed. The baby's father, Muhammad Ramzan, said that he and his wife are willing to do whatever it takes to save their child's life, even though they are poor and cannot afford the necessary surgery. He said that they have already spent all of their savings on medical tests and consultations with doctors in different cities, but so far, they have not been able to find anyone who can treat their son's condition. The couple first noticed the tumor during an ultrasound, but their doctors told them that it was nothing to worry about, and that it would disappear on its own. However, the mass continued to grow after the baby was born, and the parents were given a much graver prognosis. "His condition is critical. He needs surgery as soon as possible, otherwise he might not survive," said Muhammad Ramzan. Doctors have said that the baby's tumor is so large that it is putting pressure on his eyes, ears and nose, and that it is affecting his ability to breathe and feed. They have also warned that the tumor may cause long-term damage to the baby's brain if it is not removed soon. The surgery that Muhammad Nafi urgently requires is highly complex and expensive, and his parents are unable to raise the necessary funds on their own. They have turned to the media and the public for help, hoping to raise awareness of their son's condition and find people who are willing to donate to his cause. "People should help us because we have no other options left. We are helpless and it's the only way we can save our child," said Muhammad Ramzan. The response so far has been overwhelming, with people from all over the world offering their support and donating to the cause. Within the first few days of launching the fundraising campaign, the family had raised over $20,000, which is a significant step towards the amount they need to cover the cost of the surgery. However, the family still has a long way to go, and they are appealing to anyone who can help them to come forward. They have set up a crowdfunding page and are sharing their story on social media, hoping to reach as many people as possible. The case of Muhammad Nafi highlights the difficulties faced by many families in Pakistan who cannot afford life-saving medical treatments. According to a report by the World Health Organization, Pakistan has one of the lowest healthcare budgets in the world, with many people unable to access even basic healthcare services. For now, Muhammad Nafi is being cared for at home by his parents, who are doing all they can to keep him comfortable and safe. His future remains uncertain, but with the help of kind-hearted strangers from around the world, his chances of survival are increasing every day.