article: (CNN) -- Supermodel Naomi Campbell took the stand Thursday in the trial of former Liberian President Charles Taylor and said she received a gift of "dirty-looking stones" that she assumed was from him. Campbell was handed the stones following a dinner hosted by Nelson Mandela in 1997. "When I was sleeping I had a knock on my door. I opened the door and two men were there. They gave me a pouch and said, "A gift for you.'" The men didn't introduce themselves nor say anything else, Campbell said. The next morning, she opened the pouch and saw a few "very small, dirty-looking stones." She then shared what happened with her agent and another woman at breakfast. "Well that's obviously Charles Taylor," one of them said. Then, one of them added, "Well, obviously they are diamonds." Taylor faces war crimes charges over a brutal conflict in Sierra Leone which was fueled by rough diamonds, also known as blood diamonds or conflict diamonds. Prosecutors say Taylor gave Campbell a diamond during the war in Sierra Leone, contradicting Taylor's testimony that he never handled the precious stones that fueled the conflict. The defense said it hadn't seen a copy of Campbell's testimony, which interferes with Taylor's right to a fair trial. Under tribunal rules, the defense team should get advance access to prosecution witness testimony so it can prepare its arguments. Prosecutors said they have not obtained a statement from Campbell, but they did provide a copy of her anticipated testimony to the defense. Prosecutors had rested their case against Taylor in February 2009, but reopened it specifically to call Campbell to testify after learning in June of that year that Taylor had given the supermodel a diamond in South Africa in 1997. Prosecutors said they also wanted to call actress Mia Farrow and a witness named Carole Taylor to testify, court papers show. Prosecutors have said that Farrow confirmed that Taylor gave Campbell a diamond. When arguing to reopen the case, prosecutors said Campbell's testimony would prove that the former president "used rough diamonds for personal enrichment and arms purchases," according to papers filed with the U.N.-backed court. Campbell did not want to be involved in the trial but was subpoenaed July 1. Taylor, 62, was president of Liberia from 1997 to 2003. The war crimes charges against him stem from the widespread murder, rape and mutilation that occurred during the civil war in Sierra Leone. It was fought largely by teenagers who were forced to kill, given addictive drugs to provoke violent behavior, and often instructed to rape and plunder. Taylor is charged with five counts of crimes against humanity, including murder, sexual slavery and violence, and enslavement. He also faces five counts of war crimes, including acts of terrorism and torture, and one count of other serious violations of international humanitarian law. He has pleaded not guilty. CNN's Lianne Turner contributed to this report .
highlights: Naomi Campbell tells trial she received small pouch of "dirty-looking" stones 13 years ago . Tells trial that two men knocked on her door in the middle of the night . Says she assumed they were from Charles Taylor after it was suggested he may have been behind the gift . Taylor faces war crimes charges over a conflict in Sierra Leone .
id: df1220780da68c3e2b01d161dba767b9deb627d4
chatgpt: Supermodel Naomi Campbell told a war crimes trial in The Hague that she received a small pouch of "dirty-looking" stones from two men who knocked on her door in the middle of the night 13 years ago. At the trial of former Liberian President Charles Taylor, who is facing charges of war crimes over a conflict in Sierra Leone, Campbell testified that she assumed the men were from Taylor after it was suggested he may have given her the gift. She also revealed that she handed the stones over to a representative of Nelson Mandela's charity the following day. Campbell's testimony was eagerly awaited and highly anticipated due to her celebrity status, with photographers and television cameras capturing her arrival at the trial. During her evidence, she described how two men had knocked on her door in the middle of the night after a dinner hosted by Nelson Mandela in South Africa in 1997. The men presented her with a small pouch containing the stones, and she testified that she assumed they were a gift from Taylor after actress Mia Farrow suggested they might be. Campbell told the court that she did not know who Taylor was at the time, but became aware of the allegations against him as a result of Farrow's suggestion. She said that she did not know what the stones were or what they represented, but assumed they were diamonds due to their appearance and the fact that Taylor was a diamond dealer. The supermodel later gave the pouch to Jeremy Ratcliffe, the former head of Nelson Mandela's charity, the following day. Ratcliffe told the court earlier in the trial that Campbell was reluctant to give any details about the gift and had only handed over the diamonds once he had assured her that he would not involve the police. Taylor's lawyers have denied that he gave diamonds to Campbell, and have said that they have evidence to prove that the model is lying. The prosecution has argued that the gift was part of a system of support provided by Taylor to rebel groups in Sierra Leone, who used the sale of diamonds to finance their campaign. The trial of Taylor has been ongoing since 2007, and he is facing 11 counts of war crimes, crimes against humanity and other offenses. He is accused of supporting the Revolutionary United Front in Sierra Leone, who are alleged to have committed atrocities during the country's civil war. The prosecution alleges that Taylor supplied the rebels with weapons, ammunition, and other supplies in exchange for diamonds. The case has been heard by the Special Court for Sierra Leone, a hybrid tribunal established by the Sierra Leonean government and the United Nations. The trial has attracted a great deal of attention due to Taylor's previous role as president of Liberia, and the fact that he is the first African head of state to be tried by an international court. As Campbell's testimony concluded, the judge thanked her for her evidence, and her appearance in The Hague brought the global attention and interest to the trial. The trial will resume next week, with further witnesses set to appear.