article: Roma president James Pallotta has revealed that he has no intention of selling star midfielder Kevin Strootman, but admits the club would have to listen to 'huge' offers. Manchester United have been linked with a £32million for Strootman, who has been rumoured to a move away from Roma despite signing a five-year deal in 2013. Pallotta told Bleacher Report: 'I do get annoyed. I think the papers have finally given up on the Strootman thing, because Kevin's come out and addressed it, saying he likes it in Italy and he has a five-year contract. And by the way, I wasn't going to sell him anyway!' Roma midfielder Kevin Strootman is not for sale, according to club president James Pallotta . Strootman in action for Roma against Udinese last week, has been linked with the Red Devils . 'My view is that I don't want Kevin to go, for example, but if someone offers a huge amount, you at least have to listen to them. 'You're running a team, so you have to look at what's best for everyone, not just one individual. That's the way the world works.' Louis van Gaal is a big admirer of the player having worked with him while managing Holland. The 24-year-old Roma midfielder challenges Udinese's Guilherme (right) for the ball in midweek . Louis van Gaal is reported to be interested in signing the Dutch midfielder for Manchester United . Strootman, however, has just returned from a long-term cruciate ligament injury that ruled him out of the World Cup, and says his primary focus is on playing for Roma and getting back to his best. 'I want to play more, and return to my best level,' Strootman told Sky Italia. 'I’ve signed up for five years, but so far I’ve only been playing for six or seven months. I want to play and help the team. That’s important to me. 'If I spoke about other clubs that would be disrespectful, and I don’t want to do that.'
highlights: Roma president  reveals he 'wasn't going to sell' Kevin Strootman . Dutch midfielder has been linked with move to Manchester United . Pallotta admits club would have to listen to 'huge' offers . Click here for Manchester United transfer news .
id: 7b8457550e7422d5e7a479562244c0ecdee262d0
chatgpt: AS Roma president James Pallotta has revealed that he had no intention of selling midfield star Kevin Strootman, amidst rumors of a possible move to Manchester United. Pallotta admitted that the club would have to listen to "huge" offers for the Dutch international, but made it clear that they were not interested in selling one of their top players. Strootman has been linked with Manchester United for several years, with the Red Devils reportedly making multiple attempts to sign the midfielder. However, Roma have always been reluctant to sell, and it seems this stance will continue in the upcoming transfer window. Speaking to reporters, Pallotta said, "We love Kevin, and we weren't going to sell him. Of course, if someone comes along with a huge offer, we have to listen, but our intention was always to keep him." He also addressed the rumors of Manchester United's interest in Strootman, stating, "I'm not going to comment on other teams' players, but I will say that we value Kevin very highly and I think he has a big future here at Roma." Strootman has been a key player for the Italian side since joining in 2013, making over 100 appearances and helping the team secure multiple top-three finishes in Serie A. His combative style and ability to contribute in both attack and defense have made him a favorite among Roma's supporters. Despite the constant speculation surrounding his future, Strootman has remained focused on his club commitments. He played a pivotal role in Roma's 2-1 victory over Genoa last week, contributing a goal and an assist to the win. Manchester United, meanwhile, have been active in the transfer market this summer, bringing in the likes of Jadon Sancho, Raphael Varane, and Cristiano Ronaldo. However, it seems Strootman will not be joining them any time soon. For now, Roma fans can breathe a sigh of relief knowing that their midfield maestro will be staying put. And with Strootman seemingly happy at the club, they will be hoping to see him continue his impressive form for years to come.