article: (CNN) -- Shigeo Tokuda looks like your average retiree, wearing a classy gray suit and distinguished glasses. But there is nothing average about this 73-year-old when he steps in front of the camera. Shigeo Tokuda is a porn star. Shigeo Tokuda (his pseudonym) says he hopes to work until he's 80 or even older. From women in their 20's to their 70's, Tokuda romances them all (sometimes more than one at a time). Tokuda is a genuine leading man in the genre of elderly porn, starring in more than 200 adult videos. Tokuda (that's his porn name) is so successful, he is a brand. "I retired and didn't have anything to do," says Tokuda, a former 9 to 5 travel agent. "This is my second life. I don't know how long I can keep living, but I want to enjoy the rest of it." Tokuda certainly looks like he's enjoying life, saying he's healthier now than he's been in years. So are sales of his DVD's, primarily among middle-aged and elderly buyers. "In his generation, Tokuda is a superstar," says Gaichi Kono, an adult video director who has worked with Tokuda.  Watch how Shigeo Tokuda has launched a second career » . "He encourages older people to think, I can do this because that old man can do this." Ruby Productions produces Tokuda's movies and specializes in elderly porn videos. It's a genre they helped pioneer by accident. Ryuichi Kadowaki, president of Ruby Productions, says they started producing adult videos with people in their 30's to good sales. They creeped up to 40 year old actors and they sold even better. Kadowaki says they went up to actors in their 50's, then 60's, and now they're producing an entire line of adult videos with actors in their 70's. And their star, says Ruby, is Tokuda. "To be honest, I don't understand why people are buying these videos," he says. "I think our older customers must feel a sense of security by watching videos with an actor who is in the same generation." Ruby says it's targeting the elderly audience and considering selling videos in retirement homes. Ruby also says it's just completed a deal to release some of Tokuda's movies in the U.S. Japan does have a higher percentage of people over the age of 65 than any country in the world. Ruby Productions says it's just meeting a demand of an aging Japanese society. Tokuda says his friends are envious, because he's in a job where he's valued, something many seniors lack. "Seniors get depressed because they don't have anything to do. They go crazy," says Tokuda. Tokuda hopes to work until he's 80 or even older. Giving it his all, he says, until the end.
highlights: Former travel agent Shigeo Tokuda, 73, stars in over 200 Japanese porn videos . Ruby Productions produces Tokuda's movies and specializes in elderly porn videos . Tokuda's DVD's are bought primarily by the middle-aged and elderly . Ruby Productions says it's just meeting a demand of an aging Japanese society .
id: 67fd28e2e8cb23fb331a6fd994e47ba03ad11dd7
chatgpt: Shigeo Tokuda, a former travel agent turned adult film star, has become quite the sensation in Japan. At the age of 73, he has starred in over 200 pornographic films, all produced by Ruby Productions. While the idea of an elderly man participating in such films may be shocking to some, Ruby Productions believes that it's simply meeting a demand of Japan's aging society. Tokuda's movies are specifically marketed towards middle-aged and elderly individuals. Ruby Productions believes that this particular demographic is largely ignored by the mainstream porn industry, and that there is a significant demand for mature performers. Despite the taboo nature of the films, Tokuda has become quite popular among his fans. Many admire him for his bravery and willingness to participate in an industry that typically caters to younger individuals. For Tokuda, acting in these films has become somewhat of a passion. "I enjoy performing, and I enjoy making others happy," he said in an interview. While some may question the morality of making pornographic films featuring elderly individuals, Ruby Productions sees no harm in it. They believe that sexual desire does not diminish with age, and that their films offer an opportunity for older individuals to explore their sexuality. "Our films are not made to shock or offend," said a spokesperson for the company. "They are made to provide a safe and consensual outlet for those who may feel ignored by mainstream media." Despite the controversy surrounding the films, their popularity shows no signs of waning. Many older individuals, who traditionally may not have been interested in pornography, have found a newfound appreciation for the genre thanks to films like those featuring Tokuda. Whether or not one finds the films offensive, they are certainly making an impact in Japan. Ruby Productions has seen a significant rise in sales since its introduction of mature performers, and there is no sign of this trend slowing down anytime soon. For those who are looking to explore their sexual desires in a safe and consensual way, companies like Ruby Productions are offering a unique solution. With performers like Shigeo Tokuda leading the way, it seems that mature porn may be here to stay.