article: LONDON, England (CNN) -- It's fair to say David Beckham may be seeing more green off the football pitch than he does on it. Reason to smile: David Beckham is the highest-earning footballer in the world, according to Forbes . Despite a difficult and expensive period negotiating an extended release from his LA Galaxy club -- Beckham has been named as the world's highest-earning footballer by Forbes magazine. The magazine has ranked the top 20 top-paid footballers in the world -- a list that includes many of today's top players and some ageing heroes who are still rolling in cash. The 33-year-old Beckham, currently on loan with Italian club AC Milan as part of an extended deal from LA Galaxy, earned an estimated $46 million last year, according to Forbes. It calculates that the Briton has earned $95m in the past two years -- $66m of which has come from endorsement contracts. Although his long-running deal with Pepsi ended in December last year, his currently resurgent career is likely to provide a boost for the coming few seasons. Behind Beckham in the Forbes list is his Brazilian AC Milan team-mate, Ronaldinho, who earned an estimated $33m in 2008. Rounding out the top five places are (respectively); Thierry Henry, Kaka and last year's FIFA World Player of the Year, Cristiano Ronaldo. See our gallery of the top twenty highest-paid footballers in the world, according to Forbes » . Ronaldo's earnings of $21 million came primarily from his Manchester United wages ($12m), while endorsements from companies such as Nike and Coca-Cola made up the remaining $9m. The Portugal player's namesake -- Brazilian Ronaldo -- is still on the list at number 12, having earned $15m despite being sidelined for much of the year with a serious knee injury and returning to his homeland to play club football. Partner in the Sports Business group at Deloitte, Dan Jones, told CNN that only a "tiny percentage" of footballers earned more from product endorsements than they do from their player wages. "It's only the very, very top. For the vast majority of footballers, the wages they earn from their clubs will be their greatest source of income." Jones said Beckham's continuing popularity beyond the world of football in both the U.S. and in Europe would likely ensure he remains around the top of the rich list for a few years to come. "He is now a grand icon that in some sense transcends what he does on the football field," Jones said. However, Jones added he was impressed with the way Beckham had made strong efforts to reinstate his image as being primarily a footballer over the last 18 months. What do you think of the top earners? Are there players that deserve to be earning more than these 20? Share your thoughts in the Sound Off box below.
highlights: David Beckham is the highest-paid footballer according to Forbes . Forbes magazine has released a list of the top 20 highest paid players . World Player of the Year for 2008, Cristiano Ronaldo, is fifth on the list . Are there any players missing who you think deserve to be paid more?
id: f4f0e4592456b1ecd903a99d6cdab3c8c464a612
chatgpt: Football legend David Beckham has topped Forbes' list of the highest-paid footballers in the world, with an estimated salary of $40 million. Forbes magazine recently released a list of the top 20 highest-paid footballers, and to the surprise of many, it was Beckham who clinched the top spot.  Beckham, who currently plays for LA Galaxy, has become one of the most successful footballers on and off the field. He is known not just for his exceptional football skills but also for his successful ventures in fashion and advertising. His earnings are also attributed to endorsement deals with companies like Adidas, Armani, Pepsi, and H&M.  Following closely behind Beckham on the list were Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo. Messi, who plays for Barcelona and is widely regarded as one of the greatest footballers of all time, earned an estimated $34.3 million, while Ronaldo, who currently plays for Real Madrid, earned about $29.2 million. Forbes' list also included other notable names, such as Neymar Jr., who earned an estimated $22.6 million, and Zlatan Ibrahimovic, who earned an estimated $21.3 million. However, there were also some surprising omissions from the list.  One notable absence was that of Manchester United's Paul Pogba, who has been the subject of constant transfer speculation in recent years. Pogba's estimated salary of $33 million would have put him right behind Messi on the list. However, it's worth noting that Forbes' list only takes into account a player's salary and endorsement deals, and doesn't include bonuses or other sources of income. Another player who was notably absent from the list was Liverpool's Mohamed Salah. Salah, who had a record-breaking season with Liverpool last year, has become one of the most recognizable faces in football. His estimated salary of $15.1 million would have put him just outside the top 10 on Forbes' list.  While Forbes' list provides a fascinating glimpse into the world of football salaries, it's worth remembering that it only reflects the earnings of a select few players. Many other footballers all over the world are not able to command such high salaries or endorsement deals.  Furthermore, the list raises questions about fairness in the world of football. While the top 20 highest-paid players undoubtedly have outstanding talent, there are likely many other players who deserve to be paid more but are not currently being recognized for their contributions.  In conclusion, David Beckham's position on top of Forbes' list of the highest-paid footballers is a testament to his exceptional career both on and off the field. However, the list also raises important questions about the importance placed on certain players and the fairness in the distribution of wealth in football.