article: (CNN) -- At least three people have been killed and 300 others injured in riots that erupted across Algeria amid rising food prices and a housing crisis, according to state-run media. The protests began last week over spiraling costs of basic food items, including milk, oil and sugar. Some staples are subsidized by the government. To curb the escalating prices of sugar and oil, the government slashed duties for sugar and oil by 41%, Algerie Press Service reported Sunday. The suspension and exemption from customs duties and taxes until August 31, according to APS. Meanwhile, the government reports a third person has died from the rioting: "I can confirm the deaths of three young people in M'sila, Tipasa and Boumerdes," Interior Minister Daho Ould Kablia told the television channel Canal Algerie, according to APS. "In the first two provinces, the dead corpses were found during the riots. Investigations are underway to determine the causes." The third person was found burned in a hotel set on fire by the rioters, he added. Similar protests, some violent, have erupted in neighboring Tunisia, where at least four people have died. Human rights groups have said the Tunisian government has cracked down on demonstrators with force. Reporters Without Borders condemned the arrests and disappearances of bloggers and online activists across a number of Tunisian cities. The worldwide press freedom organization said police arrested the bloggers to question them about hacking into government websites. One of those arrested was Hamadi Kaloutcha, who who has not been heard from since his arrest at 6 a.m. Friday, the group said. U.S. State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley has said Washington was monitoring the situation in both countries. The Tunisian ambassador was summoned to the State Department. He said the United States was also concerned about the reports of cyber intrusion and was urging everyone -- from the government to activists -- to respect freedom of expression. Crowley said it was "difficult" to say whether the protests in Tunisia were related to those in Algeria. "We're not going to say that there's kind of an overlapping dynamic across the two countries," he said. "But we continue to review this and both engage the government in Algeria and as well as look after the safety of our own citizens." Adding fuel to the protesters' anger are the high rates of unemployment and housing issues, socio-economic problems that have been festering for some time in Algeria. The government has blamed the rising prices and other issues on the global economic crisis.
highlights: State-run media: The Algerian government reduces duties on sugar and oil . Interior minister: A person is found in a hotel set on fire by rioters . Protests erupted last week amid rising food prices . Similar protests have taken place in neighboring Tunisia .
id: f46ec00e98322b6e40c3f0cd2f1a985bf3234ab7
chatgpt: The Algerian government announced on Monday that it would lower duties on sugar and oil in an effort to curb rising food prices that have been fueling discontent among citizens. Protests broke out last week in several parts of the country, with demonstrators expressing frustration over the high cost of basic necessities. According to state-run media, the measures to lower tariffs on sugar and oil were aimed at "mitigating the impact of rising prices on the purchasing power of citizens". These moves are part of the government's larger attempt to ease economic hardships and address its fiscal deficit, which has been exacerbated by falling oil prices. However, the protests did not abate completely, and on Sunday evening, a hotel in the northeastern city of Tizi Ouzou was set on fire by so-called "rioters". The Algerian Interior Minister, Kamel Beldjoud, confirmed on Monday that one person had been found in the hotel and transported to a hospital for treatment of smoke inhalation. "The investigation is ongoing and we have identified some of the individuals involved in the fire," said Beldjoud, adding that the government would do everything possible to maintain public order and security. Similar protests have also taken place in neighboring Tunisia, where citizens have expressed frustration with the government's handling of the economy and the COVID-19 pandemic. On Sunday, demonstrators in Tunis marched on the presidential palace, calling for the overthrow of President Kais Saied. The protests in Algeria have raised concerns among the authorities, who remember the "Arab Spring" protests a decade ago that toppled governments across the region. However, observers note that while there are similarities between the two scenarios, there are also significant differences, particularly with regard to the political landscape and the strength of civil society. Algeria is preparing for legislative elections in June, and the outcome of these polls could significantly impact the country's future trajectory. In the meantime, the government is seeking to address the concerns of citizens by taking steps to alleviate economic hardships and clamp down on those who incite violence. The situation in both Algeria and Tunisia remains volatile, and it is unclear how the authorities will attempt to quell the unrest. One thing is certain, though: the rising cost of food and basic necessities is a major concern for millions of citizens in North Africa, and governments will need to take decisive action to address these issues if they hope to maintain political stability in the region.