article: Sanaa, Yemen (CNN) -- Thousands of demonstrators, mostly students, lined the streets Friday outside Sanaa University as anti-government protests continued. Anti-government throngs also hit the streets in Aden in southern Yemen, according to eyewitnesses. Eyewitnesses reported that security forces tried to disperse the crowd with tear gas and attacked using batons -- an account authorities disputed. The eyewitnesses said 11 demonstrators in Aden were wounded while one died of gunshot wounds. Authorities insisted no one had been killed. Protests also were reported in the cities of Taiz and Ibb. The protest in Sanaa, the capital, was countered by a pro-government demonstration on Tahrir Square, where thousands waved flags and held up pictures of President Ali Abdullah Saleh. "We are gathering in support of President Saleh's initiative and to show the international community that we are with Saleh and that the opposition does not control the streets,"  Interior Ministry spokesman Mohammed Maueri said before the demonstration. Anti-government protesters said they were looking for the regime to end. "This protest and all the following protests are for the fall of the regime," said Noman Saleem, an anti-government demonstrator. "We will not slow down until it falls. Whether it takes place today or  tomorrow, we are patient, and we will wait." Hasam Zaid, general-secretary for the opposition Haq party, said the Sanaa University gathering is a "people's protest" that isn't being coordinated by any particular political party. "We are joining the youth to be among them and not to lead them," he said. Saleh has ruled Yemen since 1978. The country has been wracked by a Shiite Muslim uprising, a U.S.-aided crackdown on al Qaeda operatives and a looming shortage of water. High unemployment has fueled much of the anger among a growing young population steeped in poverty. The protesters also cite government corruption and a lack of political freedom. Saleh has promised not to run for president in the next round of elections, and he has said he supports the creation of a national unity government to oversee upcoming parliamentary elections. But he has refused to step aside immediately. On Monday, he compared the anti-government protests to an illness sweeping through the region. "This is a virus and is not part of our heritage or the culture of the Yemeni people," he told reporters. "It's a virus that came from Tunisia to Egypt.  And to some regions, the scent of the fever is like influenza.  As soon as you sit with someone who is infected, you'll be infected."
highlights: Protests are also reported in Aden, Taiz and Ibb . Government loyalists also come out in Tahrir Square . Opposition supporters are outside at Sanaa University . "We will not slow down" until the regime falls, one protester says .
id: 54a897fc694643d4868849439eef09d50dce2397
chatgpt: Protests continue to escalate across Yemen as anti-government demonstrators take to the streets in Aden, Taiz and Ibb. Government loyalists have also rallied in Tahrir Square, while opposition supporters gather outside of Sanaa University. Despite the threat of violence and the growing opposition, protesters remain undeterred in their fight for democracy. "We will not slow down until the regime falls," one protester declared. Tensions have been mounting in Yemen for months, with widespread calls for democratic reform and an end to corruption. The current regime, led by President Ali Abdullah Saleh, has been accused of widespread human rights abuses, including the use of deadly force against peaceful demonstrators. The protests in Aden, Taiz and Ibb are just the latest in a wave of unrest that has swept across Yemen in recent weeks. Thousands of anti-government demonstrators have taken to the streets, calling for an end to the current regime and the establishment of a democratic government. Meanwhile, government supporters have also rallied in Tahrir Square, pledging their allegiance to President Saleh and calling for stability in the face of growing unrest. Opposition supporters, however, remain steadfast in their demands for change. They have gathered outside of Sanaa University, chanting slogans and calling for an end to the government's repressive tactics. Despite the presence of security forces, protesters have remained resolute in their efforts to effect change in Yemen. "We will not be silenced," one demonstrator declared. "We will not stop until our voices are heard and our demands are met." The protests in Yemen have garnered international attention, with many countries calling for an end to the violence and a peaceful resolution to the crisis. The UN has also expressed concern over the use of deadly force against civilians and has called on the Yemeni government to respect freedom of expression and assembly. As the protests in Yemen continue, the world watches on with bated breath, hoping for a peaceful resolution and a brighter future for the Yemeni people.