article: (CNN) -- Bayern Munich continued their fast start to the Bundesliga season with a 6-1 rout of ten-man VfB Stuttgart Sunday to top the early standings. With two wins from two, the Bavarian giants have edged out Eintracht Frankfurt on goal difference and they served up a real treat for their fans in the Allianz Arena. Stuttgart went ahead with a superb strike from Martin Harnik, but Thomas Mueller equalized with the first of his two goals. His German international teammate Toni Kroos added a second with Luis Gustavo scoring the third before the break. Three Bayern goals in four minutes soon after the break added to Stuttgart's misery with Mario Mandzukic, Mueller and Bastian Schweinsteiger scoring. Visiting striker Vedad Ibisevic was shown red for headbutting Bayern's Jerome Boateng before new home signing Javi Martinez came on for the last 13 minutes having transferred from Athletic Bilbao for 40 million euros ($50.3m) Thursday. "He has already hinted that he can play well, I think he is exactly the sort of player we need," Bayern coach Jupp Heynckes told AFP. "We made life hard for ourselves in the first few minutes, then little by little we took control of the game and played outstandingly well." Earlier, Felix Magath's Wolfsburg were thrashed 4-0 at home by Hannover and had defender Robin Knoche sent off in the second half. Tunisia defender Karim Haggui put Hannover ahead after only 10 minutes before Poland's Artur Sobiech added the second on 26 minutes. Dane Leon Andreasen and Sobiech with his second made it 4-0 before Knoche departed for a second yellow card. In Italy, Turin giants Juventus have also made a fine start to the season with their second straight win -- beating Udinese 4-1. The reigning champions are having to do without coach Antonio Conte, who has a 10-month touchline ban for failing to give information about match fixing when at his previous club Siena. Conte is appealing the ban and spent the game at Udinese's Stadio Friuli high in the stands. He watched as Udinese goalkeeper Zelijko Brkic was sent off for giving away a 12th minute penalty. Arturo Vidal scored from the spot kick and Marko Vucinic added the second on 39 minutes. Striker Sebastien Giovinco scored a second half double before a late consolation from the home side from Andrea Lazzari. AS Roma also prospered with a 3-1 win at Inter Milan, going ahead in the 15th minute through Alessandro Florenzi. New Inter arrival Antonio Cassano leveled before goals from Daniel Osvaldo and Marquinho gave the visitors the three points, Osvaldo's dismissal in stoppage time the only blot on a fine performance.
highlights: Bayern Munich beat VfB Stuttgart 6-1 to top Bundesliga . Thomas Mueller scores twice for Bavarian giants in rout . Felix Magath's Wolfsburg suffer 4-0 home defeat to Hannover . Champions Juventus set pace in Serie A with 4-1 win at Udinese .
id: ec17cbf57c2f12f631f108b56f6b539d04b27a2b
chatgpt: It was a dominating performance by Bayern Munich as they thrashed VfB Stuttgart 6-1 in their latest Bundesliga encounter. The Bavarian giants delivered an all-around display on the pitch, which helped them to clinch the top spot in the German league.  Bayern started the game with great intensity and authority, which helped them open the scoring in just 19 minutes. Thomas Mueller drew the first blood for the home side with a well-placed shot past the Stuttgart goalkeeper. Mueller was in top form as he doubled Bayern's lead with a clinical finish in the 32nd minute. Stuttgart tried to fight back, but Bayern's defense was rock-solid, and they were not giving away any chances. Meanwhile, Bayern continued to add to their lead, with goals from Robert Lewandowski, Serge Gnabry, and Douglas Costa. The visitors' goalkeeper Ron-Robert Zieler was continuously under pressure, and he could manage to make only four saves in the game. Felix Magath's Wolfsburg, on the other hand, suffered a dismal 4-0 home defeat against Hannover. They failed to create any meaningful chances and were outplayed by their opponents throughout the match. Hannover, who started the season poorly, now seem to be finding form and are on their way up in the league standings. In Serie A, Champions Juventus maintained their unbeaten start to the season, as they thrashed Udinese 4-1. The Old Lady dominated the game right from the start, with Paulo Dybala getting the opener in the first half. The Argentine was in excellent form throughout the match and helped his team to score three more goals in the second half. Although Udinese managed to pull one back through Ignacio Pussetto, it was not enough to make any impact on the game. Juventus now lead the Serie A table with 22 points, two more than Inter Milan, who have played one game less. The champions seem to be in excellent shape this season and are expected to maintain their high standards for the rest of the campaign. Overall, it was an eventful weekend of football, with some top-class performances from the big teams. Bayern Munich's win against Stuttgart will give them a lot of confidence going into the international break, while Hannover's victory over Wolfsburg puts them on a positive trajectory. Juventus, too, will be happy with their performance in Serie A, as they continue to set the pace at the top of the league table.