article: Thousands of National Australia Bank customers could win a share of up to $40 million after the company signalled it would settle a class action lawsuit over unfair bank fees. The bank's chief executive Andrew Thorburn said paperwork had been filed in court last week in 'a first but significant step towards reaching a potential settlement', the Herald Sun reported. NAB's decision is expected to put pressure on Australia's other big banks to settle prolonged class actions launched by customers in 2010 and 2011 in order to reclaim exorbitant bank fees, including late payment fees on credit cards. Scroll down for video . About 30,000 National Australia Bank customers could win a share of up to $40 million after the company signalled it would settle a class action lawsuit over unfair bank fees . Law firm Maurice Blackburn launched the class action against NAB, Commonwealth Bank, Westpac and Citibank in 2011 following a class action against ANZ launched in 2010 to the value of $197 million in total. The law firm said the claim affected 30,000 NAB customers, 45,000 Commonwealth Bank customers, 38,000 ANZ customers, 30,000 Westpac customers and 10,000 Citibank customers. On Tuesday night Mr Thorburn sent a letter to members of NAB's Advisory Council on Corporate Responsibility stating the bank was committed to making things right with customers. 'We are doing this because we believe this is the right thing to do for our customers and our business,' Mr Thorburn wrote. The bank's chief executive Andrew Thorburn said paperwork had been filed in court last week in 'a first but significant step towards reaching a potential settlement' 'Doing the right thing must be reflected not in our words, but in our actions.' If the class action is opened, other customers wanting to join the NAB Bank Fees Class Action and participate in any potential settlement will be able to register. The registration process would be managed by Financial Redress, a subsidiary of the company funding the Bank Fees Class Actions against all of the major Australian banks,' NAB said in a statement. 'Any announcements about this process will be made by IMF and the applicants’ solicitors Maurice Blackburn.' A Federal Court hearing has been set for November 18. Maurice Blackburn's class action spokesman Cameron Scott said: 'We have been working for some time with NAB to resolve the bank fees issue for its customers, but these negotiations are ongoing and we won't be elaborating on the settlement process at this stage. 'We would encourage all banks involved to follow NAB's example to negotiate in good faith, to resolve a fair outcome for all banking customers that have unfairly been charged these fees.' NAB's decision is expected to put pressure on Australia's other big banks to settle prolonged class actions launched by customers in 2010 and 2011 in order to reclaim exorbitant bank fees .
highlights: National Australia Bank to settle a class action lawsuit over unfair fees . Thousands of customers could win a share of up to $40 million . The bank's chief executive said paperwork had been filed in court last week . NAB's decision is expected to put pressure on other major banks including Commonwealth Bank, ANZ and Westpac .
id: f0043e2b630413173c8c3ba59dfbce2e117184ac
chatgpt: National Australia Bank (NAB) has decided to settle a class action lawsuit over unfair fees. Thousands of customers could potentially win a share of up to $40 million as part of the settlement. The bank's chief executive Andrew Thorburn said paperwork was filed in court regarding the settlement last week. This decision by NAB is expected to put pressure on other major banks, including Commonwealth Bank, ANZ, and Westpac, to do the same. The lawsuit alleges that NAB charged its customers excessive fees for late payments and overdrawn accounts. The bank denied these allegations but has now decided to settle the lawsuit, avoiding a lengthy and costly litigation process. However, the bank's decision to settle means it is admitting to some wrongdoing, which could potentially open the door for other lawsuits from customers who were affected by these fees. The settlement could potentially result in each customer receiving hundreds or even thousands of dollars, depending on how much they were charged in fees. It is estimated that tens of thousands of NAB customers could be eligible for compensation. The details of the settlement are yet to be finalized, but it is expected to be approved by the Federal Court in the coming months. The decision by NAB to settle is expected to put pressure on other major banks to follow suit. Commonwealth Bank, ANZ, and Westpac have all faced similar lawsuits over unfair fees in the past, and this settlement by NAB could encourage their customers to also take legal action. The Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC) has recently increased its scrutiny of the banking sector, with a particular focus on the fees that banks charge their customers. CEO Andrew Thorburn said that the decision to settle was a difficult one, but ultimately the right thing to do. "We remain committed to providing our customers with a fair and transparent banking experience," he said in a statement. "We have listened to feedback from our customers and stakeholders, and we believe that settling this lawsuit is the best way to move forward and demonstrate our commitment to doing the right thing." The settlement is a significant development for NAB, which has faced a series of scandals and controversies in recent years. The bank was heavily criticized by the Royal Commission into Misconduct in the Banking, Superannuation and Financial Services Industry, which exposed a range of unethical and illegal practices across the industry. The settlement is a step towards rebuilding the bank's reputation and restoring customer trust. In conclusion, NAB's decision to settle a class action lawsuit over unfair fees could potentially result in thousands of customers receiving compensation. The settlement could also put pressure on other major banks to do the same. While the details of the settlement are yet to be finalized, the bank's admission of wrongdoing is a significant development and a step towards restoring customer trust in the banking sector.