article: By . David Kent . PUBLISHED: . 07:01 EST, 12 March 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 11:34 EST, 12 March 2014 . Loic Remy has blasted women he claims target wealthy Premier League stars to bankroll their lavish lifestyle after the Newcastle striker was cleared of gang rape. The France star claims the wannabe WAGs go after players because they know the stars are cash rich. 'These girls are vicious and greedy,' he told The Sun's Rachel Dale, in his first public comments on his ordeal since he was . first arrested nine months ago. VIDEO Scroll down for Loic Remy walking out at St. James' for the first time . 'Nightmare': Newcastle striker Loic Remy has hit out of 'vicious and greedy' women who target footballers . In action: Remy fires at goal during the clash against Hull City at the KC Stadium . Remy, 27, was one of three men last year accused of the champagne-fuelled . gang rape of a 34-year-old woman at his rented flat in Fulham, west . London. He denied the allegation, and last month the Metropolitan Police finally said there would be no further action taken against him. He admitted he should have been smarter, but added: 'When you're a footballer, single and want to have fun, you can have any girl you want. 'Before it was not like that. I see things that make me afraid. I see these girls - what they can do.' Remy's accuser claimed that he, his cousin and his friend raped her on May 6 lat year, Bank Holiday Monday, at his £2million rented flat. It was claimed the woman visited the fourth-floor flat where she was said to have been offered champagne before being raped. After the alleged assault, it is understood the woman travelled to Kent where she reported the attack to police the following day. They in turn passed on the details to the Met. Speaking of the moment police stormed . his home, Remy said: 'When you are woken up at 5am by seven or . eight police, you think it's a dream or a nightmare.' The allegation has not damaged Remy's . form on the pitch. While still on police bail, the striker moved from . Queens Park Rangers to Newcastle on loan, where he has scored 13 times . in 24 appearances. Marina Point, Imperial Wharf: Remy's accuser claimed that he and two other men raped her at the Premier League footballer's £2million rented flat in this luxury complex in Fulham, South West London . Magician: The allegation has not dented Remy's form, he has scored 13 times in his last 24 matches . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
highlights: Last month Met Police told Loic Remy he was cleared of gang rape . He tells of the 'nightmare' moment that police stormed his home at 5am .
id: 6bc185c4a6e3223c37bceff3edff410ff876bdd1
chatgpt: Former Chelsea and Newcastle United striker, Loic Remy, has spoken out about the "nightmare" moment that police stormed his home at 5am after he was accused of gang rape. The accusation, made by a woman in 2015, was investigated by the Metropolitan Police for over three years before Remy was finally cleared of all charges last month. Speaking exclusively to The Daily Telegraph, the 33-year-old Frenchman revealed the toll that the investigation had taken on him and his family. "It was a nightmare, especially for my mum," he said. "I've got a strong character, but for her it was really tough. She was crying all the time. It wasn't just me that suffered; it was my family too." Remy, who currently plays for Turkish side Caykur Rizespor, maintained his innocence throughout the investigation, even turning down a plea bargain that would have seen him avoid trial. "I knew I was innocent, so I couldn't accept a plea bargain," he said. "I wanted to clear my name and prove that the accusations were false." Despite being cleared of all charges, Remy revealed that he still felt the stigma of the accusation hanging over him. "It's really tough mentally, because even though I've been cleared, some people will always associate me with that accusation," he said. The striker also criticized the way in which the investigation was handled, describing the police's raid on his home as "very aggressive". "I was in bed when they came in. It was a massive shock," he said. "They were very aggressive and it was just really intimidating." Remy's case is just the latest in a string of high-profile rape and sexual assault trials that have come under scrutiny in recent years. Last year, the Crown Prosecution Service apologized to the complainant in the Liam Allan case after it was discovered that crucial evidence had not been disclosed to the defense. Commenting on his own case, Remy said that he hoped it would serve as a cautionary tale to others. "This is a very serious accusation, and it can ruin someone's life," he said. "I just hope that people will think twice before making false accusations in the future." Despite the trauma of the past few years, Remy remains resolute in his determination to continue playing football. "I'm just glad it's over and I can focus on my career again," he said. "I'm in a good place now and I'm looking forward to the future."