article: The mother of a teenage girl who was shot and killed in a drive-by murder in Phoenix has spoken of her loss for the first time. Niani Rayshawn Allen, 16, was shot dead last Friday while being driven in a car, when a gunman fired from another vehicle. An 18-year-old man, Jason Christopher Lindsey Jr, has been arrested by Phoenix police and charged with first degree murder. Tragedy: Niani Rayshawn Allen, 16, was shot dead last Friday following an 'altercation' between two groups of teenagers at a high school basketball game in Phoenix . 'I don't have my best friend no more, she' gone, she's gone,' Ms Deshawn Oliphant told ABC 15. 'I'm never going to be able to see her again.' 'How is it that a mother has to bury her daughter? That's not the way that it goes.' Miss Allen was shot in the head in a car in west Phoenix on Friday night, and was taken to Phoenix Children's Hospital where she was later pronounced dead. According to local police, the suspect, Mr Lindsey, and Miss Allen were part of two separate groups who had 'gotten into an altercation at a high school basketball game', ABC 15 reports. Murdered: Miss Allen was shot in the head while in a car as the alleged shooter fired from another vehicle . Loss: The high school junior, was taken to Phoenix Children's Hospital where she was pronounced dead . This weekend, friends of Miss Allen, a junior at a local high school spoke of their loss. 'Niani was a very outgoing person, she always put a smile on your face, she was always dancing, always singing,' a friend told ABC 15. The suspect, Mr Lindsey was booked in on Saturday and is currently being held on a $1million bond. Phoenix police are not currently looking for any other suspects involved in the shooting.
highlights: Niani Rayshawn Allen, 16, was shot in the head in west Phoenix . Teen was in a car when a suspect fired from a separate vehicle . Niani and suspect were 'part of two groups who had had altercation'
id: 9493ff9cca0a2127f0c9f743119e90f879514cbe
chatgpt: A 16-year-old boy was fatally shot in the head in west Phoenix on Monday night. Niani Rayshawn Allen was in a car with friends when another vehicle pulled up alongside them and fired shots. According to local authorities, the suspect was part of a group that had been in an altercation with Niani's group earlier in the day.  The shooting occurred around 7:30 pm near 79th Avenue and Indian School Road. Witnesses reported hearing several gunshots before the vehicle carrying Niani and his friends crashed into a wall. The driver and other passengers were unharmed, but Niani was pronounced dead at the scene. Police are still searching for the suspect vehicle and its occupants. They have not released a description of the vehicle, but say they believe it was a small, dark-colored sedan. The shooting has left Niani's family and friends devastated. Many of them gathered at the scene of the crime to mourn his death and demand justice. Niani was a student at Trevor G. Browne High School, where he was known for his outgoing personality and love of basketball. His family and friends say they cannot understand why anyone would want to harm him. "He was just a kid trying to have fun with his friends," said one of Niani's classmates. "It's not fair that he had to die like this." Phoenix Mayor Kate Gallego expressed her condolences for Niani's family in a statement to the press. "Our hearts go out to the family and friends of Niani Rayshawn Allen," she said. "This senseless act of violence has no place in our community, and we will do everything in our power to bring the perpetrators to justice." The shooting is still under investigation, and anyone with information is urged to contact the Phoenix Police Department.