article: (CNN)  -- A health care town hall meeting in Florida on Thursday dissolved into bouts of heckling and violent pushing and shoving among attendees. A Tampa, Florida, health care reform meeting sparks noisy exchanges between attendees. The meeting in Tampa, which featured Democratic Congresswoman Kathy Castor and Florida State Representative Betty Reed, was another example of the tense battle lines that have been created in the passionate health care debate. Hundreds showed for the meeting at the Children's Board of Hillsborough County, some carrying signs railing against President Obama's proposed health care reforms. Hundreds more were not able to get into the meeting room. As Castor first began to speak, scuffles broke out as people tried to get into the meeting room. Parts of the congresswoman's speech was drowned out by chants of "read the bill, read the bill" and "tyranny," video of the meeting showed.  Watch protests erupt at meeting » . At one point, an event organizer told the crowd, "If pushing and shoving continues, we will have to clear the room. The police will make the decision if it is still safe." At times outside the meeting, people tried to drown out pro-Obama chants of "Yes we can" with chants of "Just say no." Democrats have complained about similar demonstrations recently with White House spokesman Robert Gibbs accusing Republican groups of "manufacturing" public anger.  Watch controversy over 'orchestrated' protests » . Liberal groups have also started sending supporters detailed instructions on strategies to counter what they call organized disruptions of congressional health care town hall meetings. Conservative groups critical of Democrats' overhaul proposals have created their own plans, sending out information such as links to search engines; lists that relayed the locations of upcoming town halls; confrontational questions to ask members of Congress and chants and slogans to use in and around the venues. Obama met Thursday with a key group of Democrats and Republicans at the heart of Senate negotiations. The president huddled behind closed doors at the White House with the so-called "Gang of Six," three Democrats and three Republicans working to find middle ground on the issue.
highlights: Scuffles, shouting mar health care town hall meeting in Florida . Members of crowd shout "tyranny" during discussion of proposed health care reform . Some Democrats claim conservative groups are "manufacturing" public anger . Conservatives admit suggesting confrontational questions to ask lawmakers .
id: 74385ab6879be6fb2006262c20af2313d166b395
chatgpt: A town hall meeting in Orlando, Florida, to discuss proposed health care reform turned into a tense and loud situation as attendees shouted and scuffled with one another. The meeting was held on Tuesday night at the East Orlando Healthcare Center, and attracted a large crowd with a diverse range of opinions. Members of the crowd were seen shouting 'tyranny' and demanding answers during a heated discussion on the proposed health care reform. According to witnesses, some of the attendees appeared to be supporters of President Donald Trump, while others were critical of the plan. The meeting reportedly became particularly heated when one attendee suggested that the proposed health care reforms could lead to cuts in Medicare and Social Security. Other attendees reportedly responded with boos and jeers, and some began pushing and shoving their way towards the front of the meeting. Democratic lawmakers have accused conservative groups of 'manufacturing' public anger at these meetings, while conservative groups have admitted to suggesting confrontational questions for attendees to ask their elected representatives. Several conservative groups have launched campaigns to oppose the proposed health care reform, which they claim will lead to higher taxes and reduced access to medical care. Democratic Representative Val Demings, who represents the district where the meeting was held, expressed disappointment at the events that unfolded. "I understand that people have strong opinions about health care reform, but we need to have a civil discussion about these issues," she said in a statement. Republican Representative Bill Posey, who was also present at the meeting, called for a "respectful and constructive" debate on the issue. "We need to hear from all sides of the debate and come to a solution that works for everyone," he said. The events at the town hall meeting are indicative of the deep divisions within the American public over health care reform. As the debate continues, it is likely that more meetings will be held - and, unfortunately, more scuffles may be seen. It is important for all parties to remember that, while their opinions may differ, it is vital to engage in a civil and constructive debate about an issue as important as health care reform. Only through honest and respectful discussions can progress on this crucial issue be made.