article: By . Matt Blake . PUBLISHED: . 09:45 EST, 23 August 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 10:45 EST, 23 August 2012 . A mugger knocked down a three-year-old girl in broad daylight just so she could steal her iPad. The pretty youngster - who has not been named - was waiting for her mother to take her nine-month-old brother out of the family car outside their home in Houston, Texas. Her mother, who asked for herself and her family not to be named, said she spotted the female thief loitering in the shadows of an alleyway with a man moments before she struck. Victim: The youngster - who has not been named - was waiting for her mother to take her nine-month-old brother out of the family car outside their home in Houston, Texas . She believes the attack was premeditated and the couple had targeted her family because they knew the young child would be unable to put up a fight. As the youngster played innocently on the iPad, the crook waited until her mother's back was turned and ran towards the girl, barged her to the ground and snatched the tablet, worth up to $900. 'When I turned around to grab the baby from the car seat, . she came running towards her, knocked her down and took her iPad,' she told KPRC-TV News. Premeditated: The girl's mother said she spotted the female thief loitering in the shadows of an alleyway with a man in the moments before the attack . Tough: The girl's mother said she had dealt with the ordeal remarkably well and suffered little more than a little shock . 'They came over here and they were waiting for us to come through . the breezeway I guess so they could take the iPad. So, I guess they . didn't see me coming right away.' She added: 'What the Hell? How can anyone do that to a little girl. Get a job.' Police have launched a manhunt for the thief and her male accomplice and have asked anyone with information that might help snare them to come forward. The girl's mother said she had dealt with the ordeal remarkably well and suffered little more than a little shock. Callous: The youngster was playing innocently on an iPad like this one when the woman ran towards her, barged her to the ground and snatched the $900 tablet from her grasp (stock image)
highlights: The youngster was waiting for her mother to take her nine-month-old brother . out of the family car outside their home in Houston, Texas . Her mother said she spotted the female thief loitering . in the shadows of an alleyway with a man in the moments before she . struck . As . the youngster played innocently on the iPad the woman barged her to the ground . and snatched the $900 tablet . Police have launched a manhunt for the thief and her male accomplice .
id: 4c2a388d396f735bca688ffad08d089f228ccd79
chatgpt: In a horrifying incident that shook the neighborhood, a young girl was assaulted and robbed outside her Houston home on Monday. The nine-year-old was waiting for her mother to take her nine-month-old brother out of the family car when she was attacked by an unknown assailant. According to the victim's mother, she had spotted the woman loitering behind an alleyway with a man just before the attack. She had her suspicions but didn't want to leave her daughter alone to confront the strangers. As the child was playing on her iPad, the thief suddenly appeared and barged her to the ground. She snatched the $900 tablet and fled the scene with her accomplice, leaving the girl traumatized and in shock. The mother immediately reported the incident to the police, who have launched a manhunt for the suspects. The community is now banding together to find the perpetrators and bring them to justice. Local authorities are urging anyone with information on the incident to come forward and help them in their search. Meanwhile, neighbors have been keeping a watchful eye on their surroundings and urging each other to take extra precautions when out and about. Many parents have also been warning their children about the dangers of talking to strangers and being aware of their surroundings at all times. They hope that this incident will serve as a wake-up call for others to be more vigilant and cautious in their daily lives. The girl is said to be recovering from her injuries and trauma, but the incident has left a lasting impact on her and her family. They are now urging the community to come together and help them find justice for their daughter and prevent such incidents from happening in the future. The police continue to investigate the case and are urging anyone with information to contact them immediately. The suspects are still at large, and residents are being urged to be extra vigilant until they are caught and arrested.