article: By . Ted Thornhill . A Spanish cyclist was saddled with acute embarrassment after he passionately celebrated winning a Tour of California stage – without realizing he had one lap to go. Eloy Teruel screamed and pumped his fists in the air as he crossed what he thought was the finishing line of the prestigious event’s penultimate seventh stage in Pasadena. But his unbridled joy quickly turned to humiliation as it became apparent that Saturday’s race wasn’t over. There was another lap of a 3.1mile (five kilometre) circuit left to pedal around. SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . Oops: Eloy Teruel mistakenly raises his arms, thinking he had won the seventh stage of the Tour of California in Pasadena on Saturday . However, the Spaniard saw the funny side, and tweeted: ‘I wanted to win, luckily no one has seen. Hahahahaha.’ He joins a long list of sports stars who've celebrated prematurely, which includes Alex Cujavante coasting towards the finishing line during the 2010 Roller Speed Skating Championships in Colombia with his arms raised in victory, only to be overtaken in the final few yards and Lindsey Jacobellis indulging in a victory 'tail-grab' in the 2006 Winter Olympics snowboard cross - only to fall over before the finishing line. The real winner: Peter Sagan, left, of Slovakia . Wheel-y fast: Bradley Wiggins (centre) was the overall winner of the Tour of California . Cheeky: Bradley Wiggins receives congratulatory kisses as the overall winner of the Tour of California . Overall victory of the event went to former Tour de France winner Sir Bradley Wiggins, with fellow Briton Mark Cavendish sprinting to the final-stage win. Wiggins came home in the front group at the end of the hilly 76.1-mile (121.7-kilometre) eighth stage to finish the race in Thousand Oaks 30 seconds ahead of Rohan Dennis (Garmin-Sharp) and claim his first win of the season. And he paid tribute to the team-mates who supported him over the three ascents of the Rock Store climb. Scenic: The peloton climbs the foothills of Mount Hamilton during stage three of the 2014 Tour of California from San Jose to Mount Diablo . Wiggins said on the Team Sky website: ‘I say it every day, but without those guys I wouldn't be in this position. 'You can't do it on your own and, as strong as my performance was individually in the time trial, my team have taken the strain all week. ‘Those young Americans in my team, Joe (Dombrowski), Ian (Boswell) and Danny (Pate) have done a fantastic job. Even today they didn't give up the chase and came back after they'd been distanced on the climbs. This is a fantastic way to finish.’
highlights: Eloy Teruel was sure he'd won the seventh stage of the Tour of California . He pumped his arms in the air as he crossed the 'finishing line' However, there was one lap to go and he ended up finishing 56th . The overall winner of the event was Britain's Bradley Wiggins .
id: 7a36cdcac8e487222b03926dbd2d57ed7195bd1d
chatgpt: In a stunning turn of events at Stage 7 of the Tour of California, Eloy Teruel of Spain prematurely celebrated his victory before the race was over. Teruel, who rides for the Movistar Team, thought he had successfully crossed the finish line and immediately pumped his arms in the air in triumph. However, to his dismay, there was actually one more lap to go on the course that he had not completed. Teruel was not the only rider caught off guard by the course's length as other cyclists also slowed down, thinking that the race was over. Teruel ultimately finished in 56th place, a significant drop from his momentary position as the frontrunner of the race. The actual winner of the Stage 7 event was Levi Leipheimer of the United States, who rode for the Astana team. Britain's Bradley Wiggins, however, clinched the overall victory of the Tour of California, securing his place in cycling history with a remarkable achievement. Wiggins, who had previously won the Tour de France in 2012, demonstrated once again his dominance in the sport of cycling. The Team Sky rider completed the grueling 720-mile course in just under 28 hours, winning by a comfortable margin of 30 seconds over runner-up Rohan Dennis of Australia, who rode for the Garmin-Sharp team. Wiggins' win in the Tour of California, which took place over eight days across diverse terrain throughout the state, solidifies his place as one of the most accomplished cyclists of his generation. He has won numerous prestigious titles throughout his career, including several Olympic gold medals, in addition to being one of the most recognizable figures in the sport. Despite the disappointment of Teruel's premature celebration, the Tour of California drew massive crowds and was an exciting celebration of cycling sport. From the steep mountain trails to the arid flats, cyclists from across the world tested their skills against challenging terrain and skilled opponents. The Tour of California has become an essential event on the cycling calendar, drawing talented riders from all over the world to compete in one of the sport's most demanding challenges. As the world of cycling continues to grow and evolve, events like the Tour of California will continue to showcase the best and brightest riders in the sport, as well as providing thrilling spectacles for fans both in person and around the world.