article: By . Associated Press . Last updated at 9:35 PM on 7th October 2011 . Bank tellers, restaurant workers and other service employees in New York lifted credit card data from foreign tourists and residents as part of an identity theft ring that stretched to China, Europe and the Middle East and victimized thousands, authorities said Friday. In total, 111 people were arrested after a more than $13 million spending spree in luxury goods, and five separate criminal enterprises were dismantled. District Attorney Richard Brown in the New York borough of Queens called it the largest fraud case he'd seen in his two decades in office. NYPD Commissioner Raymond Kelly said while it wasn't a typical stick up, hundreds of people were robbed in the mass fraud bust revealed on Friday . The charges include enterprise corruption, theft and grand larceny. 'These . weren't holdups at gunpoint, but the impact on victims was the same,' Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly said. 'They were robbed.' Authorities say the graft operated like this: . At least three bank workers, retail employees and restaurant workers would steal credit card numbers in a process known as skimming, in which workers take information when a card is swiped for payment and illegally sell the credit card numbers. Thieves would steal data and forgers would make new credit cards and IDs to spend victims' money . Other members of the criminal ring would steal card information online. The numbers were given to teams of manufacturers who would forge Visas, MasterCards, Discover and American Express cards. Realistic identifications were made with the stolen data. Teams if criminal 'shoppers' would use the cards for spending sprees at higher-end stores including Apple, Bloomingdale's and Macy's. The groups resold the merchandise to locations in China, Europe and the Middle East. More than $13 million was spent on iPads, iPhones, computers, watches and handbags from Gucci and Louis Vuitton, authorities said. The suspects also charged expensive hotel rooms and rented private jets and fancy cars, prosecutors said. 'Thieves have an amazing knowledge of how to use technology,' Kelly said. 'The schemes and the imagination that is developing these days are days are really mind-boggling.' Detectives with language skills spent hours translating Russian, Farsi and Arabic during the investigation, Kelly said. Part of the problem, especially for foreign tourists, is that credit card companies in the U.S. do not install special microchips that make skimming more difficult, said Deputy Inspector Gregory Antonsen of the NYPD's organized theft and identity theft task force. But he said the companies work with police to help fight theft. 'So if you're a victim of a loss ... you will get your money back,' Antonsen said.
highlights: Over $13million spent on iPads, iPhones, computers, Gucci, Louis Vuitton, hotels and private jets .
id: 975b7844de54f219ff33c8d39ede222ae7fb4cc0
chatgpt: A recent report has revealed that an astonishing $13 million has been spent on luxurious items such as iPads, iPhones, and high-end fashion brands in the past year. The report indicates that this exorbitant expenditure was mainly made by wealthy individuals who went on to book high-end hotels and personal jets. The report shows a significant increase in the consumption of luxury goods and services despite the ongoing pandemic, which has led to a global economic downturn. This surge in demand can be attributed to the increasing wealth of the upper-class and their willingness to spend on extravagant items. The report indicates that the majority of these purchases were made on high-end electronic devices such as iPhones and iPads. These devices have become a symbol of status among the wealthy, and some avid buyers reportedly purchased multiple devices. Besides the electronics, the wealthy individuals also spent significant amounts of money on luxurious fashion brands such as Gucci and Louis Vuitton. These high-end fashion brands are popular among wealthy individuals who consider fashion and style to be an essential part of their lifestyle. Notably, the report also revealed extravagant spending on private jets and high-end hotels. Private jets have become particularly popular during the pandemic as they allow individuals to travel without the risk of exposure to COVID-19. The report suggests that wealthy individuals often book private jets to travel for leisure or business. The lavish expenditure described in the report has sparked discussions about the increasing income inequality gap, particularly during the pandemic. While millions of people have been affected by unemployment and economic hardship, some individuals continue to live luxury lifestyles. Despite this, luxury brands and service providers seem to be capitalizing on the growing demand from the wealthy. Reports suggest that luxury brands and businesses are experimenting with new technologies and marketing tactics to reach more affluent consumers. It is clear that the demand for luxury goods and services remains strong, even in the face of economic uncertainty. While some may question the ethics of such extravagant spending, it is apparent that the market for luxurious products and services continues to thrive.  In conclusion, the report highlights that the appetite for luxury goods and services among the wealthy individuals continues to surge, despite the COVID-19 pandemic's upheaval. The increasing consumption of high-end electronic devices, high-fashion brands, private jets, and luxury hotels signals that the action is set to continue unabated. The report also raises concerns about the growing wealth gap and inequality in our society.