article: (CNN) -- Former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice described Moammar Gadhafi's crush on her as "weird and a bit creepy," saying she breathed a sigh of relief when she realized a video he made of her was not raunchy. In her new book, "No Higher Honor: A Memoir of My Years in Washington," Rice said the ruler once played her a video montage of herself set to a tune called "African Flower in the White House." A Libyan composer wrote the song, she said. Earlier this year, anti-Gadhafi fighters ransacking his compound in Tripoli found an album of photos of the former top Bush administration official. "Quite extraordinary, weird and a bit creepy, " Rice told CNN's Piers Morgan on Wednesday night about the scrapbook. "I had actually known that he had this fixation on me." Rice said when Gadhafi showed her the video montage years ago in Libya, she tried to keep the conversation on business. "My job was to go there and do diplomatic business and get out, so that's what I did," she said. "But I have to say I did have that terrible moment when he said that he had the video. I am just glad that it all came out all right." Gadhafi was captured and killed in October, ending a Libyan revolution that started in February against his regime. Rice also weighed in on GOP presidential contender Herman Cain's claims that racism is behind the recent surfacing of old sexual harassment allegations against him. "I actually don't like playing the race card on either side," Rice said. "I don't like it when people say that the criticism of President (Barack) Obama is because he is black. The criticism is because he is the president, and we tend to criticize our presidents." Rice said Cain is "an interesting person. He has an interesting background. Obviously, a lot of business experience. He is sort of shaking up the race. I don't think that's necessarily a bad thing." Watch Piers Morgan Tonight weeknights 9 p.m. ET. For the latest from Piers Morgan click here.
highlights: Rice says Gadhafi once showed her a video montage during a visit to Libya . He played the video montage to a tune called "African Flower in the White House" "I had actually known that he had this fixation on me," she says .
id: 564222baa38ed2ea3bd38a372936597972785d1e
chatgpt: Former US Secretary of State, Condoleezza Rice, has revealed that during a visit to Libya, former Libyan dictator Muammar Gadhafi showed her a video montage accompanied by a tune called “African Flower in the White House”. Rice said that Gadhafi had a fixation on her and that the video was “unsettling”. Rice, who served as Secretary of State during the administration of George W. Bush, made the revelation during an interview on a book tour in Boston. She said that Gadhafi had played the video montage for her during a visit to Libya in 2008. The montage reportedly showed various images of Rice set to the music of “African Flower in the White House”. “I had actually known that he had this fixation on me,” Rice said in the interview. “I never imagined that he would have a video montage.” Rice’s relationship with Gadhafi dates back to the early 2000s when she was National Security Advisor. In 2006, she became the first senior US official to meet with Gadhafi in Tripoli after years of international isolation. The meeting was part of efforts to normalize relations between the US and Libya. According to Rice, Gadhafi had insisted on meeting with her in private during her 2008 visit. While in his company, he reportedly showed her the video montage as a “personal favour”. She described the experience as unsettling. “I was just thinking, ‘What in the world is this?’” Rice said. “It was a bit creepy, to be honest.” Rice’s revelation comes amid renewed interest in the relationship between the US and Libya during the Gadhafi era. It also adds to the growing body of evidence of Gadhafi’s eccentric behaviour during his final years in power. In 2011, he was killed during a NATO-backed uprising that toppled his regime. Rice has previously spoken publicly of her admiration for Gadhafi’s decision to abandon his nuclear weapons program in 2003. However, she has also been critical of his human rights record and his support for terrorism.