article: After her latest round of chemotherapy, the daughter of Cincinnati Bengals running back Devon Still is back home. The NFL player tweeted to his  73,000 Twitter followers and his Instagram account on Thursday that his four-year-old daughter, Leah, is back home after having a week of chemotherapy at the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia. The 25-year-old tweeted: 'It was a rough couple of days with this treatment but she fought like a champ and now she's finally back home!!! #LeahStrong.' Scroll down for video . Back Home: Devon Still, 25, uploaded this photo to Twitter and Instagram saying that his four-year-old daughter Leah is back home after her latest  round of chemotherapy treatment . Leah was diagnosed with Stage 4 neuroblastoma -- a pediatric cancer --  in June 2014. Since then, Leah has undergone a series of  treatments including surgery to remove a tumor, rounds of chemotherapy and radiation, and stem cell replacement therapy. The day Leah went in for treatment (February 20) at the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, Still uploaded a photo toInstagram of the four-year-old wearing a shirt that said 'future cancer survivor.' One day earlier, the father tweeted a photo of the two saying they were on a 'movie date' to see 'The SpongeBob Movie: Sponge Out of Water.' Just two days after she reportedly went in for treatment, Still uploaded a photo to Instagram and Twitter saying that the young girl had a 'rough night' the night before and ended up being moved to the intensive care unit. 'Future Cancer Survivor:' The day Leah went in for treatment , Still uploaded a photo to Instagram of the four-year-old wearing a shirt that said 'future cancer survivor' Hospital: : Here, an Instagram photo shows Still and Leah laying in a hospital bed watching 'Matilda' The photo showed the two laying in a hospital bed watching 'Matilda' on a laptop. Still was disappointed when he learned that Leah's treatment in late December did not remove her cancer, but he wrote in an Instagram post that he would 'keep faith and keep fighting.' If all went well with Leah's most recent treatment, the four-year-old will begin stem cell therapy, according to WCPO. Battle: Leah's battle gained national attention when the Bengals signed the running back at the beginning of the 2014 season after initially cutting him . Leah's battle gained national attention when the Bengals signed the running back at the beginning of the 2014 season after initially cutting him. The father-daughter duo has raised more than $1 million in the last year for pediatric cancer research. Still was recently honored in Washington, D.C. by Ohio Sen. Sherrod Brown for his humanitarian work, WCPO reports.
highlights: Leah Still, 4, was in the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia undergoing chemotherapy treatment for nearly a week . Her father, Cincinnati Bengals player, Devon Still, 25, tweeted a photo of him and his daughter, calling her his 'champ'
id: 78ba0716b21e0f20dbf804000c735c8a5028f638
chatgpt: Leah Still, the 4-year-old daughter of Cincinnati Bengals player, Devon Still, has been undergoing chemotherapy treatment at the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia for nearly a week. Despite the challenging circumstances, Leah's father has been a source of love and support for his daughter every step of the way. Recently, Still tweeted a heartwarming photo of him and his daughter, calling her his "champ". The photo shows Devon Still sitting on a bed with Leah in his lap. She's wearing a purple hoodie and holding a stuffed animal, while her dad has his arm wrapped around her. The image has been shared widely on social media, and fans have been quick to send their well-wishes to Leah and her family. Leah was diagnosed with stage 4 neuroblastoma last year. Since then, she's undergone several surgeries and rounds of chemotherapy. Despite the difficulty of her treatment, Leah has remained strong and resilient. Her father has been a pillar of strength for her every step of the way, and his love and support have been a driving force in her battle against cancer. Devon Still has been very open with his fans about Leah's battle with cancer. He's shared updates on her progress and has been an advocate for childhood cancer awareness. In fact, he even shaved his head in solidarity with his daughter when she lost her hair due to chemotherapy. While Leah's battle with cancer has been difficult, she's received an outpouring of support from fans and fellow athletes. The Bengals raised money for pediatric cancer research by selling Still's jersey, with all proceeds going to the Cincinnati Children's Hospital. In addition, the New England Patriots donated $25,000 to the hospital in Leah's honor when they learned that the Bengals were dedicating their playoff game to her. Despite the challenges of Leah's treatment, her father is optimistic about her future. He recently tweeted, "God gives his toughest battles to his strongest soldiers," and he believes that Leah is one of the strongest soldiers he knows. With her father's support and the support of her fans, Leah continues to fight against cancer like the champ that she is. In conclusion, Leah Still, the 4-year-old daughter of Cincinnati Bengals player, Devon Still, is currently undergoing chemotherapy treatment at the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia. Despite the challenges she's faced, she remains strong and resilient with the love and support of her father and fans. Her father recently tweeted a heartwarming photo of him and his daughter, calling her his "champ". With the support of her loved ones, Leah continues to fight against cancer like a true warrior.