article: Abu Dhabi (CNN) -- In a series of blunt tweets over the holiday weekend, Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei entered America's debate on race and police violence -- comparing unrest in states like New York and Missouri to conflicts in the Middle East. On Sunday he tweeted: "#Jesus endured sufferings to oppose tyrants who had put humans in hell in this world& the hereafter while he backed the oppressed. #Ferguson" Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, the country's chief political and religious authority, acknowledged the role of Jesus in Islamic theology and compared the biblical prophet's struggle to that of black people in the United States. The tweet included #BlackLivesMatter, a hashtag popularized in recent weeks by supporters of Eric Garner, a 43-year old African-American man that died after being put in a chokehold by a NYPD officer. It read: "It's expected that followers of #Jesus follow him in his fight against arrogants and in his support for the oppressed. #BlackLivesMatter" On Christmas Eve, the Ayatollah lumped the struggle of Palestinians in the Gaza strip with protests in Ferguson, Missouri, where black teenager Michael Brown was shot dead by police, and called on members of all three monotheistic faiths to stand-up against oppression. The tweet said: "#Jesus like all prophets was herald of monotheism& human dignity; nowadays humanity needs this message more than ever.#Ferguson #Gaza 1/1/93" The unverified Twitter account, widely accepted as the mouthpiece of the Ayatollah's social media campaign, often posts diatribes against the West and Israel to its more than 91,000 followers. In August of this year, the leader published a poignant image that criticized President Barack Obama's support for Israel during the country's military operation to debilitate Hamas, a group many Western nations including the U.S. designate as a terrorist organization. "US govt has subjugated a great nation w/ massive resources to a criminal regime like #Israel.10/31/12 #Ferguson #Gaza," it said. In response, some Twitter users accused the Ayatollah of hypocrisy, and tweeted him with hashtags such as #AllLivesMatter, #GayLivesMatter and #KurdishLivesMatter. Human rights groups and observers regularly criticize the country for its poor record on executions, the treatment of political prisoners, and women. In its 2013 report on Iran, Human Rights Watch said: "Many civil society activists remained in prison on political charges. Authorities regularly subjected prisoners, especially those convicted on politically motivated charges, to abuse and deprive them of necessary medical treatment. "Iranian women continued to face discrimination in many areas including personal status matters. Authorities restricted political participation and employment of minority groups, who account for about 10% of the population." 2013: Iran reaches out on Twitter at Christmas .
highlights: Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei compares U.S. protests to Middle East conflicts . One tweet included #BlackLivesMatter, a hashtag popularized by supporters of Eric Garner .
id: aa1d60d74983e19f834d588dd6bcea20c3e9d102
chatgpt: In a recent tweet, Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei compared the ongoing protests in the United States to the conflicts in the Middle East. Using the hashtag #BlackLivesMatter, which was popularized by supporters of Eric Garner, Khamenei expressed his support for the protesters. The tweet, which was posted on Khamenei's official English language Twitter account, read: "If you're dark-skinned walking in the US, you can't be sure you'll be alive in the next few minutes. Of course, this is not the first time US police have murdered Black people. But now due to widespread rebellion, the truth is more revealed." The use of social media to comment on international issues has become increasingly common, with politicians and world leaders often taking to Twitter to express their views. Khamenei's tweet, however, has been met with criticism from some quarters. Many have accused the Supreme Leader of hypocrisy, given the Iranian government's crackdown on protests in its own country. Last year, thousands took to the streets of Tehran to protest a hike in fuel prices, with many being arrested and some being killed. Others have pointed out that Khamenei's tweet is simply an attempt to deflect attention from Iran's own human rights abuses. Iran has been criticized by international bodies for its treatment of religious and ethnic minorities, as well as its treatment of women. Despite the criticism, Khamenei's tweet has been widely shared on social media, with many expressing their support for the #BlackLivesMatter movement. The hashtag, which was initially used following the death of Eric Garner in 2014, has become a rallying cry for those protesting against police brutality and systemic racism in the United States. The protests, which were sparked by the death of George Floyd, an unarmed Black man who was killed by a white police officer in Minneapolis on May 25, have spread to cities across the United States and around the world. Demonstrators have called for an end to police violence against Black people, as well as systemic changes to address racial inequality. Khamenei's tweet is just the latest example of how the ongoing protests in the United States have resonated with people around the world. While some may criticize the Supreme Leader's motives or accuse him of hypocrisy, his message of support for the #BlackLivesMatter movement is a reminder that the fight for racial justice is a global one. As the protests continue, it remains to be seen how they will impact both domestic and international politics. In the United States, lawmakers are considering a range of reforms to address police brutality and systemic racism, while around the world, people are examining their own societies and questioning how they can work towards a more just and equitable future.