article: Asked Thursday why President Barack Obama has a hard time in Louisiana -- where his approval rating hovers around 40% -- Democratic Sen. Mary Landrieu said a big reason has to do with his race. "I'll be very, very honest with you. The South has not always been the friendliest place for African-Americans," Landrieu told NBC News' Chuck Todd. "It's been a difficult time for the president to present himself in a very positive light as a leader." The three-term senator, who's fighting for her political survival in a tough contest this fall, said the South can also be hard for women "to present themselves." Louisiana cooks up spicy Senate race . "It's more of a conservative place. So we've had to work a little bit harder on that, but you know, the people trust me, I believe. Really they do," she said. "Trust me to do the right thing for the state." The "number one" reason for Obama's unpopularity, she said, was the moratorium by the Obama administration on off-shore drilling following the BP oil spill in 2010. "Our state was furious about that," said Landrieu, who's the chairman of the Senate Energy and Natural Resource Committee. "When you shut down the whole gulf of Mexico it puts a lot of people here at risk and out of business." 7 times Democrats wished Barack Obama would go away . Responding to her comments, Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal furiously called her answer "remarkably divisive." "That is a major insult by Senator Landrieu to the people of Louisiana and I flatly reject it," he said Thursday on Twitter. "Obama's policies, which Mary supports, are unpopular here, and the other 49 states, because they are ill advised, liberal, and don't work." "His administration has also proven to be incompetent. Trying to blame it on race is ridiculous," he added. James Varney, an editorial writer at The Times-Picayune noted that Landrieu "declined to explain how she has been elected three times as a senator by such a collection of unwashed knuckle draggers."
highlights: Sen. Mary Landrieu argued the president has a hard time in the South because of his race . The Louisiana Democrat also argued that the region is tough for women . Republican Gov. Bobby Jindal called her comments "remarkably divisive"
id: ab4eb43bd57fe96cdafa84580b614afb89863302
chatgpt: Sen. Mary Landrieu, a Louisiana Democrat, has sparked controversy after arguing that President Barack Obama struggles in the South because of his race. Landrieu made the comments during a recent interview with NBC News, in which she also claimed that the region is tough for women. "Obama has had a difficult time in the South, particularly in states like Louisiana," Landrieu said. "And I think that's true for a lot of different reasons. I think race is certainly one of them." Landrieu went on to say that the South is "more of a conservative region" that is "just a tougher place for women to run." Her comments were quickly denounced by Republican Gov. Bobby Jindal, who said they were "remarkably divisive." "The people of Louisiana are not racists," Jindal said in a statement. "We judge candidates on their merits, not their skin color. Senator Landrieu should be ashamed of herself for playing the race card." Landrieu, who is facing a tough re-election fight in Louisiana, has been working to distance herself from the national Democratic Party and the president in particular. Obama is deeply unpopular in many parts of the South, particularly among white voters, and Landrieu's comments could be seen as an attempt to appeal to those voters. But her remarks have drawn criticism from some in her own party as well. Democratic National Committee Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman-Schultz said Landrieu's comments were "not constructive." "We need to be focusing on what we can do to unite the country, not divide it," Wasserman-Schultz said on CNN's "State of the Union" on Sunday. Landrieu's comments come at a time when race and gender issues are particularly sensitive in American politics. With the first female and African American president in the White House, debates about the impact of race and gender on politics are sure to continue.