article: By . Martin Robinson . PUBLISHED: . 07:16 EST, 6 June 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 09:59 EST, 6 June 2013 . Vodafone has apologised to a mother whose six year-old daughter found a home sex video on her 'as new' phone. Laura Leconte Pais, 31, was given a fresh handset by the mobile giant when her Sony Xperia T broke, so she was not worried that her child played with it. Staff told the mother-of-two that the secondhand handset had only been used briefly before it came to her. But she was horrified when she heard moaning noises coming from its speakers as her daughter Stefanie looked for family photos on it. Upset: Angry Laura Leconte Pais with the new phone, which was full of pornography, and was only discovered when her six-year-old daughter looked at it . She grabbed the handset and found a graphic video of a woman performing a sex act on a man before having full sex. The phone also contained pictures of naked women from porn websites. Apology: Mobile phone giant Vodafone provided the phone from their Ashford story and have said sorry to the victim . Portuguese-born Laura, from Ashford in Kent, said: 'I always take pictures of the family, so my daughter asked to look through them. 'I could hear she was on a video but it didn't sound familiar, so straight away I grabbed the phone off of her. 'When I played it back on my own and saw what it was, it was very upsetting. 'The phone should have been put back to factory settings before it was given to me.' Laura, a professional interpreter, added: 'You try to protect your children from all these things, and keep them innocent for as long as you can. 'I was upset that I was exposed to it, and very upset that potentially my children could have watched a porn video.' Vodafone said they were investigating why the video was left on the phone which was issued at its Ashford store on May 21. The company has apologised to Laura, given her a new phone, and offered her a gesture of 'goodwill'. A spokesman said: 'We are sorry to hear about this, and want to help our customer as much as we can. 'To do that, and to help her prove her case, we need her to give us the memory card itself.'
highlights: Laura Leconte Pais, 31, snatched phone from child when she heard moaning . Video of couple having sex was among the family photos she'd taken . Stash of porn pictures also on the handset despite being described 'as new' Vodafone has apologised for the mishap at their Ashford store in Kent .
id: 8052b353ed5fc8f77f9d2a1ca38d55b7d704f95d
chatgpt: Vodafone has issued an apology after a customer's "new" phone was found to contain a stash of pornographic images, as well as a video of a couple having sex. The incident occurred at their Ashford store in Kent. The customer, Laura Leconte Pais, 31, had taken her 5-year-old daughter to the store to purchase a new phone. After leaving the store, Ms. Pais was shocked to discover the phone contained pornographic images and a video of a couple having sex. The phone also had pictures of families, which she had taken herself. Ms. Pais contacted Vodafone immediately to complain about the content on her new phone. She was told that the phone had been sold as new and that there was no record of it being used or having any content on it when it was sold. Vodafone has since apologized for the mishap and investigated the issue. They established that the phone had indeed been sold as new and that the content was not present when the phone left the store. After further investigation, Vodafone discovered that the phone had been returned by a previous customer who had loaded the phone with the pornographic content before returning it. Vodafone has since traced the previous owner and is taking appropriate action against them. A spokesperson for Vodafone said: "We sincerely apologize to Ms. Pais for the distress caused by this issue. We take the privacy and security of our customers very seriously and have taken steps to prevent this from happening in the future." Ms. Pais expressed her shock and disgust at the situation, saying: "It's appalling that someone could do something like this. I'm absolutely horrified that this happened to me and my daughter." The incident highlights the importance of customers ensuring that their phones are new and have not been previously used or loaded with inappropriate content. Customers should also take steps to protect their phones from hacking by installing appropriate security software. Vodafone has assured customers that they take privacy and security seriously and are taking every measure to ensure that this type of incident never happens again. They have also offered Ms. Pais a replacement phone and compensation for the distress caused.