article: By . Ted Thornhill . A woman in Russia has sparked outrage after burying her dog in a human graveyard, with locals describing it as ‘sick’ and ‘an affront to the Christian faith’. She could now face jail on blasphemy charges after prosecutors were alerted. Ludmilla Yelsukova's burial ceremony for her pet Yorkshire Terrier happened three years ago in the village of Chesnokovka, in Bashkortostan, a federal subject in south-western Russia. Outrage: Locals in the Russian village of Chesnokovka were outraged to learn that a Yorkshire Terrier has been buried in a human graveyard (above) But it was only recently that other people whose relatives were buried there found out that the well-tended tomb was for a dog. They said it was blatant ‘paganism’ and an affront to religion, and demanded it be moved. ‘This is the revival of the ancient religions of animal worship and is not only sick but a massive insult to the Christian faith,’ said Maria Papova, one of the local residents. Grief: Ludmilla Yelsukova (above) said she hasn't had anyone in her life since losing her Yorkshire Terrier . Anger: Locals have called the grave 'sick' and 'an affront to the Christian faith' But the tearful 47-year-old woman has so far refused, saying the plot was paid for and she still needed a place to mourn. She said: ‘I have had no-one else in my life since, and no-one ever treated me as well as Ursu.’ Vyacheslav Archangelskyy, 61, rector of the village's Cathedral of the Ascension, agreed however with the angry residents and has now ordered an investigation as to whether the local priest who was in charge of the church graveyard knew what was going on. Meanwhile a report has also been sent to prosecutors who are probing whether she has broken any laws.
highlights: Ludmilla Yelsukova buried her dog in a human graveyard three years ago . It has been described as 'an affront to the Christian faith' and 'sick' The dog, a Yorkshire Terrier, is buried in a village in south-western Russia .
id: 1907a8ef3216f52ec38802305ad3cb4529571b63
chatgpt: In a bizarre incident that has stirred up controversy, a woman named Ludmilla Yelsukova buried her beloved pet dog in a human graveyard three years ago. This act of burying a Yorkshire Terrier in a village in south-western Russia has been described as "an affront to the Christian faith" and "sick" by some people. The incident came to light recently when a group of religious leaders objected to the presence of a dog's grave in the human burial ground. They asserted that it violated the sanctity of the burial ground and went against religious beliefs. The issue has sparked a debate between those who support Yelsukova's actions and those who oppose it. Yelsukova has defended herself, saying that her dog was more important to her than anything else in the world. She said that she had no other place to bury her beloved pet and that the human graveyard was the only option available to her at the time. She added that she felt no harm was done by her actions. However, Yelsukova's defense has not convinced many people. Some have argued that allowing dogs to be buried in human graveyards could set a dangerous precedent and open the way for other pets to be buried in such places. The controversy has sparked a wider discussion about the treatment of pets in society. While many people consider pets to be family members and treat them accordingly, others believe that animals should be treated as animals and not accorded the same status as humans. The Yelsukova incident has once again highlighted the complex relationship that humans have with their pets. While some people view their pets as fully-fledged members of their families, others find the idea of according them such status to be unacceptable. However, it is clear that this controversy is unlikely to be resolved anytime soon, and the debate is likely to continue for some time to come.