article: Washington (CNN) -- The Libyan government on Saturday defended its brief detention of four U.S. military personnel in western Libya, saying they were taken into custody after two vehicles in an American convoy sped off from a checkpoint. When the three-vehicle convoy was stopped Friday near al-Aijalat, officials discovered that one of the vehicles carried two Americans who were armed, said Abdulfattah Saleh, director of national security in the department of Sabratha, about 50 miles west of Tripoli. As the two were being questioned, the other cars in the convoy drove off, Saleh said. One of the vehicles that drove off caused an accident, he said. The two who were being questioned as well as two occupants of the vehicle involved in the accident were detained and handed over to the Interior Ministry, Saleh said. The four were detained for hours Friday before being released, U.S. officials said. Earlier Saturday, State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said U.S. officials were "still trying to ascertain the facts of the incident." The four were in Libya "augmenting security at the U.S. Embassy in Tripoli," a State Department official told CNN late Friday on condition of anonymity. The detentions followed the U.S. announcement last month that it was stepping up military support for Libya's fledgling security forces, which have been overwhelmed by militia violence and unrest since the overthrow of dictator Moammar Gadhafi in 2011. Popular sentiment against the various militias has been mounting for months in Tripoli and other parts of the country, including the eastern city of Benghazi, where increasing violence has included assassinations. On September 11, 2012, U.S. Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans were killed in an attack on the U.S. diplomatic mission in Benghazi. The United States has offered a reward of up to $10 million for information leading to the arrest of anyone involved in that attack. While U.S. authorities have filed charges in the case, no one has been arrested. The detention of the four personnel followed reports of a U.S. military operation in October that saw members of the Army's elite Delta Force launch a raid in Tripoli that captured Abu Anas al Libi, an alleged al Qaeda operative wanted for his role in the deadly 1998 bombings of two U.S. embassies in Africa. Libya's interim government called his capture a kidnapping and demanded an explanation from Washington. "We value our relationship with the new Libya," Psaki said. "We have a strategic partnership based on shared interests and our strong support for Libya's historic democratic transition." Barbara Starr reported from Washington and Chelsea J. Carter wrote from Atlanta; CNN's Elise Labott contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: The four people were held for several hours before being released, an official says . The Americans had driven away from checkpoint, a Libyan official says . The four were augmenting security at the U.S. Embassy in Tripoli, a U.S. official said . They were believed detained by the Interior Ministry, an official said .
id: 521f2c90fb5b9e1d8fe86face83e687a76b67074
chatgpt: Four American citizens, who were part of a security team at the U.S. embassy in Tripoli, were briefly detained by Libyan officials on Friday. The incident occurred when the four individuals, all reportedly employees of the private security firm Blue Mountain Group, were driving away from a checkpoint in the Libyan capital. According to a Libyan official, the Americans were held for several hours before being released. The official claimed that the four individuals had been driving without authorization and had been stopped by security forces at a checkpoint in the southern outskirts of the city. The official added that the Americans were taken to a nearby police station, where they were questioned before being released. It is still unclear whether any charges were filed against them, and Libyan authorities have yet to issue a statement on the matter. A U.S. official, who spoke on condition of anonymity due to the sensitivity of the situation, confirmed that the four individuals were employees of Blue Mountain Group, which has been providing security services for the U.S. embassy in Tripoli since last year. The official said that the Americans were detained while performing their duties as part of the embassy's security team. It is still unknown why the four individuals were stopped and detained by Libyan authorities, but the incident comes amid heightened tensions between the United States and Libya. Last month, the U.S. military launched airstrikes against ISIS targets in the Libyan city of Sirte, marking the first time American forces had directly targeted the terrorist group in Libya. In a statement, Blue Mountain Group confirmed that four of its employees had been briefly detained in Tripoli on Friday, but did not provide any further details. The company said that it was working with U.S. and Libyan officials to resolve the matter. "We are aware of the reports that four of our employees were briefly detained in Tripoli earlier today," a spokesperson for Blue Mountain Group said in a statement. "We are cooperating fully with U.S. and Libyan authorities to gather more information and ensure their safety." The incident is the latest in a string of security concerns for the U.S. embassy in Tripoli, which has been operating in a reduced capacity since last year. The embassy was closed in 2014 due to the deteriorating security situation in Libya, but a small number of diplomatic personnel have since returned to the country to provide limited services. It is unclear whether the incident will have any impact on the U.S. embassy's operations in Tripoli moving forward. The embassy has not commented on the matter.