article: LOS ANGELES, California (CNN)  -- Marathon talks between Hollywood's largest actors union and producers broke off early Saturday, with the Screen Actors Guild saying it will ask its members to authorize a strike. Screen Actors Guild members and supporters stage a rally in June at SAG's headquarters in Los Angeles, California. SAG's contract with Alliance of Motion Picture and Television Producers expired June 30 with the two sides unable to agree on how actors would be paid when movies and TV shows are distributed through "new media," such as mobile phones and the Internet. "As previously authorized by the national board of directors, we will now launch a full-scale education campaign in support of a strike authorization referendum," SAG said in a statement Saturday. There was no mention of when a strike referendum might be called. "Let's review the facts: SAG is the only major Hollywood guild that has failed to negotiate a labor deal in 2008," the producers' group said in a Saturday statement. "Now, SAG is bizarrely asking its members to bail out the failed negotiating strategy with a strike vote -- at a time of historic economic crisis. The tone-deafness of SAG is stunning." SAG and AMPTP representatives came together under the guidance of a federal mediator Thursday for their first talks since July. The effort ended at 1 a.m. Saturday after 27 hours of talks. The producers' alliance has demanded that SAG accept terms similar to those in contracts concluded over the past year with six other unions representing writers, directors, stagehands, casting directors and a smaller actors union. "Taken together, these six new labor agreements will keep our industry at work, allow producers to experiment with new media, and give everyone in our industry a stake in the success of new and emerging markets," the producers' group said Wednesday. The SAG statement suggested that a strike authorization would not immediately trigger a walkout but would strengthen the actors' bargaining position. "Now it's time for SAG members to stand united and empower the national negotiating committee to bargain with the strength of a possible work stoppage behind them," it said. SAG's board of directors voted last month to ask for a federal mediator to help with the negotiations. At the same board meeting, it authorized a strike referendum in the event the mediation effort failed. Approval of a strike referendum, which requires the support of 75 percent of SAG's members, is not a foregone conclusion because Hollywood is still recovering from a costly writers strike that dragged on for 100 days just a year ago. SAG's 120,000-plus members include many who no longer pursue acting jobs or who work only occasionally. A member who joined after having just one line in one show has a vote equal to Hollywood's highest-paid stars, as long as his or her annual dues are paid.
highlights: NEW: Producers say SAG is asking members to "bail out" failed talks with strike vote . Screen Actors Guild and producers union talks break off . Alliance of Motion Picture and Television Producers contract expired June 30 . Key issue is compensation for work distributed via new media .
id: 094a06fd920433493c65ae494b68e360ab2bdfe3
chatgpt: Frustration and disappointment are running high in the entertainment industry as contract negotiations between the Screen Actors Guild (SAG) and the Alliance of Motion Picture and Television Producers (AMPTP) have broken off. The AMPTP’s contract expired on June 30th, and the unsuccessful talks have resulted in SAG asking its members for a strike vote in response to what producers are calling their bail out. The key issue that the two sides could not agree on is compensation for work distributed via new media. The increasingly high number of streaming services on the market has brought the issue of new media compensation to the forefront of contract negotiations between actors and producers. As consumers increasingly make the move from traditional cable providers to streaming options, SAG and AMPTP have struggled to come to an agreement on how actors should be compensated for this work. Producers have long maintained that they cannot afford to pay upfront residual fees for new media content, arguing that the infrastructure for these new platforms is still in its early stages and any potential earnings are uncertain. They say that the residual fees that actors desire would threaten the financial stability of smaller streaming platforms, and that even larger platforms like Netflix and Hulu are still unproven entities that may not remain profitable in the long term. SAG, on the other hand, argues that actors should receive fair compensation for their work, regardless of the platform it is distributed on. They believe that actors should receive residual fees in the same way they do for traditional television and film, ensuring that they receive their fair share of profits earned from their work. Despite the lack of progress in negotiations, both sides have expressed a desire to avoid a strike. The entertainment industry is still reeling from the effects of COVID-19 shutdowns, and a strike could be catastrophic for those in the industry who are still struggling to regain their footing. A strike vote is a serious step, but it remains to be seen whether it will be effective in pushing producers to return to the negotiating table with a more favorable offer. For now, the industry is in a holding pattern, with both sides waiting to see what the other will do next. If a strike does occur, it would mark the first such action by SAG members in over a decade. The last time actors went on strike was in 2007-2008, where they walked off the job for 100 days in order to secure better compensation for work in new media. The prospect of another lengthy strike is worrying for the industry as a whole, particularly those in the midst of already delayed and halted productions due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The hope is that both SAG and AMPTP can find a way to come to an agreement that is fair to both sides, and avoid a strike that would have far-reaching consequences for the entertainment industry.