article: By . Scarlett Russell . Soaring childcare costs in the UK are prompting more mothers than ever to start their own businesses from home. A new survey has found that two thirds (65 per cent) of mothers with children under the age of ten are considering launching their own business in the next three years. The dramatic rise in childcare costs mean that the annual expense of full-time childcare is £11,700 for two children. Working mothers: 49 per cent of mothers questioned in a new survey believe that they would be financially better off if they started a business from home . The research, by insurers Direct Line, found that nearly half of mothers questioned - 49 per cent - believe that they would be financially better off if they started a business from home. One in five British mothers say they (20 per cent) also believe they'd be able to spend more time with their children if they didn't have to go in to an office every day. One in six (16 per cent) think they'd save money on childcare if they eschew traditional nine-to-five, office-based jobs. One in seven mums (14 per cent) are motivated to start a business from home by the flexibility of being their own boss. One in eight (12 per cent) have always had the ambition to start their own business. Only one per cent is motivated by the fact that they do not like their current job. Jazz Gakhal, Head of Direct Line for . Business, said: 'The costs of sending a child to day care, or hiring . a nanny continue to spiral. 'It’s great to see that mums are tackling . this problem with such an entrepreneurial spirit, as they understand . considerable child care cost savings can be made by running a business . from home.' Kerry Marriott, 37, and Rachael Forder, 42, from Southsea, Hampshire, used their mothering skills to think up a lucrative business and, in 2012, successfully launched the LumiPotti: a potty which lights up to help young children with toilet training. They thought of the idea when they realised their own youngsters were finding it difficult to locate the toilet in the dark. 'Rachael used a transparent potty with a night light underneath and I plugged a night light in to the wall nearby,' Kerry told Mail Online. 'Our children liked the idea that they could get up and find the potty on their own at night. They were quite proud of themselves. 'It wasn’t 100 per cent fool proof but it proved really effective. We started telling other parents about the method and they said it had worked for them.' The LumiPotti successfully sells online and the women hope to make it a 'global brand.' Bright idea: Mothers Kerry Marriott, and Rachael Forder launched their LumiPotti busines from home .
highlights: Price of full-time childcare is at an all-time-high of £11,700 for two children . Rise of British 'Mumpreneurs', mothers who start business from home . One in seven mothers motivated by flexibility of being their own boss .
id: f4de6d7043a530b679bc0b8a5613a6a88cf72b75
chatgpt: The cost of full-time childcare has reached an all-time high in the UK, with parents now having to shell out an average of £11,700 per year to look after their two kids. This has led to a surge in the number of "Mumpreneurs" in the country, as many mothers look for ways to supplement their household income without having to spend a fortune on childcare. A recent study conducted by MoneySuperMarket showed that one in seven mothers in the country is motivated by the flexibility of being their own boss, with many opting to start up their own businesses from home. The study also revealed that 40% of all self-employed individuals in the country are women, a trend that has been growing at a rapid pace over the last few years. The rise of Mumpreneurs has been attributed to a number of factors, including the high cost of childcare, as well as the increasing desire among women to achieve a better work/life balance. Many women also feel that starting their own business offers them greater flexibility and control over their schedule, allowing them to spend more time with their children while still earning a living. One such Mumpreneur is Emma, a mother of three who started her own online business selling handmade children's clothes. Speaking to the BBC, Emma said that she decided to start her own business after struggling to find affordable childcare for her young children. "I wanted to be there for my kids, but I also needed to earn a living, so starting my own business was the perfect solution," she said. Emma's story is not unique, as many other mothers across the country are also turning to entrepreneurship to make ends meet. The Mumpreneur movement has also received support from the UK government, which has launched a number of initiatives aimed at encouraging women to start their own businesses. In 2013, the government launched the Women's Business Council, which aims to make it easier for women to start and grow their own businesses. The council has also set a target of increasing the number of female entrepreneurs in the country by 1 million by 2020. Commenting on the rise of Mumpreneurs, Amanda Augustine, a careers expert at TopCV, said that starting your own business can be a great way for mothers to achieve a better work/life balance. "For mums who are looking for more flexibility and control over their schedule, starting their own business can be a fantastic option," she said. However, Augustine also warned that starting your own business can be challenging and that it's important for mothers to do their homework before taking the plunge. "Starting your own business can be a great way to achieve a better work/life balance, but it's important to do your research and make sure you have a solid plan in place before getting started," she advised. Despite the challenges that come with being a Mumpreneur, many mothers in the UK continue to turn to entrepreneurship as a means of achieving greater financial stability while still being able to spend time with their children. With the cost of childcare continuing to rise, it's likely that we'll see even more Mumpreneurs in the years to come.