article: By . Simon Peach, Press Association . England captain Steven Gerrard insists the team will not become obsessed by the prospect of another World Cup penalty shoot-out. Exiting six of their last 10 major tournaments on penalties means there is an undercurrent of trepidation that Gerrard understands. The defeat to West Germany in the 1990 World Cup semi-finals began a nightmare run of spot-kick defeats that last struck at Euro 2012. Back of the mind: Steven Gerrard insists England will not become obsessed by the prospect of penalties . Heartache: Gerrard missed a penalty during the World Cup defeat against Portugal back in 2006 . Gerrard netted two years ago as England exited to Italy, but six years earlier the England skipper saw his penalty saved in the World Cup quarter-final exit to Portugal. 'It's difficult to describe what it is like,' Gerrard told BBC Radio 5 Live. 'Unfortunately for me I failed in that situation when I took a penalty in a World Cup environment and it was a difficult atmosphere to be in. 'I learnt my lessons from that and a couple of years ago I scored the penalty I was asked to take. 'We are going to practise penalties a lot but it is a difficult situation to put into words and describe it. There is a lot of pressure. 'You have an awful lot more time to think about your penalty and what is at stake is a lot bigger and it is a pressure situation. 'A penalty shoot-out is a more pressurised situation than any one penalty in a league game.' So that's what I hit? Raheem Sterling talks to club skipper Gerrard during a training session in Miami . Train hard: Leighton Baines, John Stones, Phil Jones and Luke Shaw warm-up before a session in Florida . England last won a penalty shoot-out at a major tournament during Euro 96 but the current squad have been working hard to prepare for the situation occurring in Brazil. Roy Hodgson has brought sports psychiatrist Dr Steve Peters away with the team and the players have been working hard in training to avoid such issues this summer. 'I can understand the fixation because we have failed in quite a few shoot-outs but I would say don't get carried away with it because it might never come about,' Gerrard added. 'As players hopefully we perform well enough in 90 minutes or 120 minutes to prevent it going to a shoot-out. But we will be ready for a shoot-out if it comes around.'
highlights: Liverpool captain missed in a shoot-out against Portugal in 2006 . England have exited six of their last 10 tournaments on penalties . Italy knocked them out of Euro 2012 via spot-kicks .
id: cd0a32eaea7726623d4c161dc19939f578233625
chatgpt: England's penalty woes appear to be never-ending. The Three Lions crashed out of yet another major tournament after losing to Italy on penalties in the Euro 2012 quarter-finals. It marked the sixth time in the last 10 tournaments that they were eliminated in a shoot-out. And one man who knows the agony of that all too well is Liverpool legend Steven Gerrard. Gerrard was the Three Lions' captain in the 2006 World Cup when they faced Portugal in the quarter-finals. The game had ended goalless after extra time, and it went to penalties. Gerrard was one of England's five penalty takers, but he missed his spot-kick to send Portugal through to the semi-finals. It was a heartbreaking moment for the Liverpool man, who was one of England's star players at the time. Fast forward to Euro 2012, and England found themselves in another penalty shoot-out against Italy in the quarter-finals. The game had ended 0-0 after extra time, and it was down to penalties once again. This time, Gerrard was not one of England's designated penalty takers, but the result was the same – they lost on penalties. The Liverpool man could only watch in the stands as England's hopes of reaching the semi-finals were dashed. England have been criticized for their poor record in penalty shoot-outs over the years. While some fans believe it's just bad luck, others point to a lack of preparation or even mental weakness as the cause. Regardless of the reason, it's clear that England are yet to find a solution to their penalty problems. Italy, on the other hand, seem to have mastered the art of penalty shoot-outs. They have won five of the six shoot-outs they have been involved in at major tournaments, including the one against England in 2012. Italy keeper Gianluigi Buffon played a huge part in that victory, saving two of England's penalties. He later admitted that he had spent hours watching videos of England's penalty takers in the build-up to the game. While England's penalty woes continue to frustrate fans, it's worth remembering that Gerrard is not the only player to have missed a crucial spot-kick. Some of England's most famous players, including David Beckham, Stuart Pearce, and Chris Waddle, have also failed from the spot in tournament games. However, with little progress made in addressing the issue, it remains to be seen whether England can finally break the cycle in future tournaments.