article: By . Alexandra Klausner . When a high school senior from Flourton, Philadelphia asked Shaun White to prom she never thought her wish would come true. Not only did the Olympic snowboarder attend her prom, he played a live show at the event with his band Bad Things. Carly Monzo, a student at an all-girls Catholic school called Mount St. Joseph Academy learned that Shaun White had never attended his own prom before and therefore decided to make an epic video to ask him to hers. Using a camera by GoPro, one of White's Sponsors, she filmed herself reading a witty poem and then posted the clip on Vimeo. SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . Carly Monzo (left) went to prom with her favorite celebrity Shaun White after asking him out in a movie she posted on Vimeo . Carly Monzo wasn't afraid to ask her favorite celebrity Shaun White to prom in an adorable video . The poem read, 'Roses are red, violets are blue, My name is Carly Monzo, but I'm sure you had no clue. I'm currently a senior @ an all girls school. So when it comes to dates there's no boy pool.' 'I have a six-foot rule & I know you're 5'9" but I can overlook that 'cuz DAMN you're FINE.' After seeing the video, White decided he'd be Monzo's date but he kept his prom appearance a secret with some help from the school who fully supported his attendance. 'I didn't know that Shaun would be there until they dropped the curtain on the stage,' Monzo told The Philadelphia Daily News about her surprise. 'The dean of students called my name and I thought, 'Oh my God, what did I do?' I mean, I've spent time in her office, but it's usually for uniforms things.' Monzo had a wonderful time with her dream-come-true prom sate snowboarder Shaun White . Shaun White tweeted this picture before surprising Carly Monzo at her high school prom . When asked if Shaun was a good prom date, Monzo told reporters that he went beyond her expectations. 'He just pulled out the dance moves,' Monzo said. 'I thought he was going to have trouble keeping up with me but I was like, 'I can't keep up with this.' Monzo even got a kiss on the cheek from her favorite celebrity and danced on stage behind him while he played with his band.Monzo originally had another date lined up for the prom but he didn't mind when she ditched him for White as his band's performance was mind-blowing for the entire school. Like Shaun White, Monzo is also an athlete. She will be attending Loyola University Maryland to play basketball and she'll definitely have a good story to tell her teammates.
highlights: Shaun White never went to his own prom . White performed at the prom with his band Bad Things . Carly Monzo, 18, didn't know White would be her date until he surprised her on stage with his band .
id: 671e2207af39e5611c51307341c3a1c42cf64397
chatgpt: Shaun White, the Olympic gold medalist and snowboarder, surprised 18-year-old Carly Monzo by being her date for prom. What makes this story even more special is that Shaun never went to his own prom.  Shaun, who is also a guitarist for the band Bad Things, performed at Carly's prom with his fellow bandmates. Carly, who had no idea that Shaun would be her date, was ecstatic when he surprised her on stage.  "I was just really shocked," Carly shared. "I didn't expect anything like this at all. I thought it was really cool that he was there." Shaun and Carly had the opportunity to dance together and take photos, making for a memorable night. Carly also shared that she was able to speak with Shaun and get to know him a bit better. "He's a really cool guy," Carly exclaimed. "He's just like a normal dude, but he's super talented." Shaun, who never had the chance to go to prom as a teenager due to his busy snowboarding schedule, shared with People Magazine that being able to attend prom with Carly and the Bad Things was a dream come true. "I felt like I got to relive something that I never actually got to do myself," Shaun shared. "And it was even better because Carly was such a cool date." Shaun's surprise appearance at Carly's prom is not the first time the Olympic star has made headlines for going above and beyond. In 2018, Shaun made a "wish come true" for a 10-year-old boy named Joseph who had been diagnosed with Hodgkin's Lymphoma. Joseph had wished to meet Shaun and snowboard with him, and Shaun made it happen by inviting Joseph to his private training facility. Shaun's willingness to make meaningful connections with his fans and to give back has not gone unnoticed. Fans have taken to social media to share their admiration for the snowboarding legend. "Shaun White is a class act," one user tweeted. "He truly cares about his fans and giving back. Thank you for being an amazing role model." Shaun's kindness and generosity are a reminder of the impact one person can have on someone's life. Carly and Joseph, among other fans, will have memories that will last a lifetime thanks to the Olympic gold medalist. As for Shaun, he continues to inspire on and off the slopes. With his grit, determination, and heart, Shaun White is a true champion both in sports and in life.