article: By . Travelmail Reporter . Imagine looking up from delicately nibbling your starter of crispy deer lichen to find someone staring in the window at your plate. It's hardly surprising that a steady swarm of voyeuristic food tourists descended on a certain restaurant in Copenhagen to check out its menu - if only to watch what people were eating - Noma is consistently voted the 'best restaurant in the world' after all. But some diners found the fact that hundreds of tourists were congregating outside the restaurant so disconcerting its founders decided to take action to stop persistent oglers. NOW try looking in! The gardens spread around the outside of the building act as a deterrent to gawpers . Don't worry, we can still look at the menu: Swarms of food tourists used to congregate outside Noma before the gardens were created . Chef and co-owner René Redzepi commissioned a team of Danish architects to create a garden to reflect the adventurous and delicate modern Nordic cuisine within. However this week it was revealed that the Nordic garden completed at the end of last year had been created to - politely - deter persistent oglers. With an eclectic menu offering dishes such as a cod roe sandwich made up of a 'razor thin slice of wild duck skin and fresh vinegar-dusted herbs on rippled toast' and 'sliced chips of dehydrated scallops on a bed of watercress, beech nuts and squid ink' the exterior had t to be interesting too. Rocky terrain: The lumps and bumps in the grass and a rocky Nordic design make the garden an effective obstacle . Accordingly the rocky garden cut into the concrete harbour that surrounds the 18th-century warehouse in which Noma is housed, is an interesting, rugged landscape of evergreen plants from Scandinavia and lava stones from Iceland. 'René Redzepi was not interested in putting up a red rope in front of the restaurant," says POLYFORM partner Thomas Kock, who worked on the project. 'He didn't want to exclude the curious minds but rather create a buffer zone around the restaurant, which gave visitors the experience of Noma and in this way included them.' The restaurant has not only redefined . contemporary Nordic cuisine, but been named best in the world four times . in the last five years, and holds two Michelin stars.
highlights: Noma in Copenhagen consistently voted 'best restaurant in the world' Swarms of tourists flocked to the restaurant to peer in at the food on offer . Diners complained about being ogled through the windows .
id: 321a65ae76bb1232b053e54e1489f76b8d2e27ce
chatgpt: Noma, the internationally acclaimed three-star Michelin restaurant in Copenhagen, has consistently ranked as the "best restaurant in the world" despite the challenges presented by the COVID-19 pandemic. Famous for its locally sourced, seasonally inspired tasting menus, Noma has become a pilgrimage site for foodies around the globe. However, the restaurant's popularity has also attracted swarms of tourists and curious onlookers, often causing discomfort for diners. In recent months, complaints have mounted from patrons who feel like zoo animals as they are ogled through the restaurant's large windowpanes. "I came to Noma to have a fine dining experience, not to feel like a caged animal on display," said one disgruntled patron. "It's frustrating to have strangers gawking at you while you eat." The issue has become so prevalent that restaurant staff has had to put up opaque drapes and barriers to give diners a sense of privacy. "We had to get creative with the layout of the restaurant to ensure that our guests can enjoy their meal without feeling exposed," stated Noma's head chef, René Redzepi, in a recent interview. The dilemma highlights the fine balance between promoting a restaurant's brand and fulfilling the need for intimacy and exclusivity. For many diners, eating at Noma is more than just a culinary experience, it's a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to taste one of the world's best restaurants. However, with the growing popularity of social media and celebrity chefs, restaurants like Noma face the challenge of maintaining their brand while also providing a comfortable and enjoyable experience to their patrons. Despite these challenges, Noma continues to be a leader in the culinary world. Redzepi and his team have been unrelenting in their pursuit of culinary innovation, utilizing local ingredients to capture the essence of Scandinavian cuisine. Noma's dishes evoke a strong connection to nature and the changing seasons, elevating dining to an almost spiritual experience. The restaurant's popularity shows no signs of waning, and the challenges of managing the throngs of tourists will undoubtedly present new opportunities for creativity and innovation. As the world slowly opens up post-pandemic, Noma and its staff will undoubtedly continue to set the standard for fine dining experiences, pushing the boundaries of what is possible in gastronomical excellence.