article: By . Tara Brady . PUBLISHED: . 07:16 EST, 23 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 09:44 EST, 23 December 2013 . Whistleblower Edward Snowden has said he will help Germany investigate NSA spying if Berlin grants him political asylum. Revelations about the National Security Agency's spy programs were first published in June, based on some of the thousands of documents Snowden handed over to the Brazil-based American journalist Glenn Greenwald and his reporting partner Laura Poitras, a U.S. filmmaker. Snowden, who is living in Russia on a temporary one-year visa, has previously requested political asylum in Brazil and several other nations. Whistleblower Edward Snowden has said he will help Germany investigate NSA spying if Berlin grants him political asylum . But in a letter to the publication German Stern he wrote: 'I have a great respect for Germany.' He believes the U.S. will 'implement sanctions against Germany in response to criticism of illegal surveillance' because it will cause 'greater harm to the U.S. rather than Germany.' Snowden sent a similar open letter to Brazil last week but according to newspaper reports the government said it would not be granting him asylum. Snowden commended the Brazilian government for its strong stand against spying and wrote that he would aid them in investigating claims that Brazil is one of the victims of NSA - if they give him asylum. Glenn Greenwald, the American journalist who first published the documents leaked by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden . Russian President Vladimir Putin (left) said operationally they are not working with Snowden while Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff (right) cancelled a state visit to America . However, several Brazilian politicians, mainly opponents of Rousseff's leftist government, said granting Snowden asylum would be counter-productive and would lead to further deterioration of ties with the United States, the country's largest trading partner after China. The documents revealed that Brazil is the top NSA target in Latin America, spying that has included the monitoring of Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff's cellphone and hacking into the internal network of state-run oil company Petrobras. The revelations enraged Rousseff, who in October cancelled an official visit to Washington that was to include a state dinner. More than 50 German public figures asked Berlin to grant Snowden asylum in November but the German government refused this request. According to RT, Russian President Vladimir Putin said: 'Operationally, we are not working with him and never have done, and are not asking him any questions about how his agency worked on Russia. 'I won't hide it, this person is not without interest for me. I think that thanks to Snowden, a lot changed in the minds of millions of people, including in the minds of major political leaders.'
highlights: Revelations about the NSA's spy programs were first published in June . Snowden is living in Russia on a temporary one-year visa . He has previously requested political asylum in Brazil and other nations .
id: a0e62e85c5a31c5562027d581322968b1c904ce7
chatgpt: It has been nearly four years since former NSA contractor Edward Snowden leaked classified documents exposing the agency's global surveillance practices. The revelations, first published in June of 2013, sparked widespread backlash and calls for government transparency. Despite facing criminal charges for espionage and theft of government property, Snowden remains a polarizing figure, with some viewing him as a hero and others labeling him a traitor. Snowden, who is currently living in Russia on a temporary one-year visa, has been seeking asylum in a number of countries, including Brazil. However, his efforts have been met with resistance and political roadblocks. Brazilian officials have stated that Snowden would need to be physically present in Brazil in order to apply for asylum, a difficult task given his current situation in Russia. Furthermore, a request for asylum from Snowden would likely put Brazil in a diplomatically complex position with the United States. In addition to Brazil, Snowden has sought asylum in several other countries, including Germany and Norway. However, each of these efforts has thus far been unsuccessful. Despite the challenges he faces, Snowden remains steadfast in his mission to highlight government overreach and promote individual privacy rights. In a recent interview with The Guardian, Snowden stated that "every citizen is entitled to be secure in their papers, their persons, their homes, and their effects, and all of that has been violated in secret over these last few years." Snowden's actions have also sparked a global conversation about the government's role in surveillance and privacy, with many calling for greater transparency and accountability. Some have even argued that Snowden's disclosures have paved the way for important policy changes, including the recent ruling by a federal appeals court stating that the government's bulk collection of Americans' phone records is illegal. Despite his continued exile and legal battles, Snowden remains a symbol of resistance against government overreach and a champion of individual privacy rights. His legacy will continue to be felt in the ongoing national and international conversations about the role of government in surveillance and privacy, and his story will undoubtedly continue to inspire and provoke debate for years to come.