article: (CNN)  -- Red Bull's Sebastian Vettel led from start to finish to win the Malaysian Grand Prix at Sepang Sunday. It was the second straight victory for the reigning Formula One world champion after he claimed the season-opener in Australia a fortnight ago. Jenson Button finished second in his McLaren with Nick Heidfeld rewarded for his brilliant drive in the Renault with the final podium place. Vettel's teammate Mark Webber of Australia made up ground after a poor start to finish fourth. Veteran Heidfeld moved ahead of Button's teammate Lewis Hamilton into second position on the first corner and was always among the front runners through the pits stops. It was the start of a disappointing afternoon for 2008 champion Hamilton, who crossed the line seventh behind the Ferrari pair of Felipe Massa and Fernando Alonso in fifth and sixth. But he was later penalized 20 seconds by race stewards following a collision with Alonso as they battled for third spot on lap 46. It meant he was relegated to eighth spot behind Japan's Kamui Kobayashi in his Sauber. Alonso, who was also penalized, stayed sixth. Can Ferrari find some trump cards? But this was another dominant display by Germany's Vettel, who has now won fourth successive F1 races, claiming the final two of the 2010 season to wrap up the title. He qualified in pole position and quickly opened up an advantage which he comfortably maintained without real challenge. "It was a great day," he told the official post-race press conference. "The start was crucial. I had a good one, and then I was surprised going into turn one when I saw the Renault alongside me. "I think it was a good thing because it meant I could pull away. "We now have to take the momentum into the next race. It's two out of two, which is perfect, but we have to keep our feet on the ground." Vettel leads 2009 champion Button by 24 points in the drivers' standings with Hamilton and Webber a further four points adrift. Completing the minor points scoring, seven-time champion Michael Schumacher was ninth for Mercedes. Tenth-placed Paul Di Resta scored another point for Force India in only the second F1 start for the young Briton.
highlights: Germany's Sebastian Vettel wins Malaysian Grand Prix for Red Bull . Reigning champion Vettel has claimed the two opening races of 2011 season . Jenson Button finishes second with Nick Heidfeld completing the podium . NEW: Lewis Hamilton relegated to eighth spot after clash with Fernando Alonso .
id: 77a08298e1b6eee57f15f18c335fd48953f0e45e
chatgpt: Sebastian Vettel of Germany has continued his impressive start to the 2011 Formula One season, winning the Malaysian Grand Prix for Red Bull Racing. Vettel, who is the reigning champion of the sport, has now claimed two victories in the opening two races of the new campaign.  Despite starting from pole position, Vettel faced stiff competition from the likes of Jenson Button and Nick Heidfeld at the Sepang International Circuit. Button, who started in second place, managed to keep up with Vettel for much of the race but fell behind in the later stages. He eventually finished in second place, with Heidfeld completing the podium in what was a solid performance from the Renault driver. However, the race wasn't without controversy as Lewis Hamilton of McLaren was relegated to eighth place after a collision with Ferrari's Fernando Alonso. Hamilton had been battling Alonso for position when the two collided on lap 46, causing damage to both cars. The stewards reviewed the incident and deemed Hamilton to be at fault, resulting in his eight-place finish. Vettel's victory puts him at the top of the drivers' championship standings, with Button in second place and Hamilton dropping down to seventh.  After the race, Vettel credited his team for their hard work in preparing the car and said that he was pleased to have secured another win. "It was a tough race with some strong competition, but I'm delighted to have come out on top. I owe a lot to the team for their efforts in getting the car ready and making sure that we were in the best possible position to win," he said. Button, meanwhile, was pleased to finish in second place and praised his team for their efforts. "We gave it our all out there today and I'm happy with my performance. The team did a fantastic job and we'll be looking to build on this result in the next race," he said. The next race of the season will take place in China, with Vettel looking to continue his winning streak and extend his lead in the championship standings. Despite his setback in Malaysia, Hamilton will be hoping to bounce back and challenge for victory once again.