article: (CNN) -- At least two bombs were dropped near the Yida refugee camp in South Sudan, resulting in an undetermined number of casualties, the spokesperson for U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said Thursday. "We are very concerned that these bombs were dropped in an area where there are thousands of refugees who have gathered after fleeing the violence in Southern Kordofan and Blue Nile states," the spokesperson said in a statement. "It is essential that both parties immediately take all steps to protect civilian lives." In Washington, the office of the White House press secretary said in a statement that the United States "strongly condemns the aerial bombardment by the Sudan Armed Forces of the town of Yida," where more than 20,000 refugees who have fled conflict in the Sudanese state of Southern Kordofan are living. The Southern Kordofan, Blue Nile State and Nuba Mountain regions straddle Sudan and South Sudan's geographical and political lines. Although these territories are geographically part of Sudan, its population has faced "exclusion, marginalization and discriminatory practices that have resulted in their opposition to the Sudanese government," according to the U.N. Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights. "This bombing of civilians and humanitarian workers is an outrageous act, and those responsible must be held accountable for their actions," the statement said. The attack follows other bombardments by the Sudan Armed Forces on November 8 near the border that increase the potential for confrontation between Sudan and South Sudan, it said. "The United States demands the Government of Sudan halt aerial bombardments immediately," the statement said. "We urge the Government of South Sudan to exercise restraint in responding to this provocation to prevent further escalation of hostilities." It called for a resumption of negotiations by the Government of Sudan and the Sudan People's Liberation Movement-North. President H.E. Saliva Kiir Mayardit has said he will not support armed opposition forces fighting against the government of Sudan, the South Sudan government website said. Kiir said Sudan was threatening the sovereignty of South Sudan "through military invasion." Liberation army members have clashed with the military of South Sudan, which separated from Sudan and became independent in July. Led by former officers of the southern army that fought neighboring Sudan in a 22-year civil war, the militias have taken up arms against their former comrades and become a challenge for the world's newest nation.
highlights: NEW: South Sudan president accuses Sudan of "military invasion" White House "strongly condemns" attack near Yida refugee camp . At least 2 bombs were dropped, says spokesman for U.N. head . An undetermined number of casualties has resulted, a U.N. official says .
id: a8dfd047a9f03d9dd388eb86f8bc506ee90949a9
chatgpt: South Sudan president, Salva Kiir, has accused neighboring Sudan of a "military invasion" after two bombs were dropped near the Yida refugee camp. The incident has prompted the White House to issue a strong condemnation, with a spokesman for the United Nations Secretary-General confirming at least two bombs were dropped, leading to an as-yet undetermined number of casualties.  The Yida refugee camp, located in South Sudan's Unity State, is home to an estimated 70,000 refugees, many of whom have fled the fighting in Sudan's war-torn Nuba Mountains. The area has been the site of ongoing clashes between Sudanese government forces and rebels for several years. The attack, which took place on Tuesday, has raised the specter of renewed conflict between the two nations, which have a long history of animosity. In a statement released on Wednesday, President Kiir called on Sudan to "stop its aggression" and accused the Sudanese government of "perpetuating violence, chaos, and instability in South Sudan and the region as a whole."  The White House, through its spokesman, also issued a statement, calling the attack "unacceptable" and "a violation of international law and the United Nations Charter." The statement went on to say that the United States "stands with the people of South Sudan" and is committed to supporting their efforts to build a peaceful and prosperous future. The United Nations Mission in South Sudan (UNMISS) has also condemned the attack, calling for an immediate cessation of hostilities and urging both Sudan and South Sudan to engage in dialogue to resolve their differences peacefully.  While the number of casualties has not yet been confirmed, the incident has raised concerns about the safety of refugees in the Yida camp and the wider region. The UN has called on all parties involved to respect the safety of civilians and humanitarian workers in the area. The bombing comes at a particularly fragile time for South Sudan, which is currently grappling with a humanitarian crisis resulting from years of conflict and economic instability. Just last year, the country signed a peace agreement with its former arch-rival, Sudan, aimed at ending years of hostilities and promoting greater cooperation between the two nations.  Despite these efforts, tensions and mistrust between the two nations continue to simmer, and Tuesday's attack is likely to ratchet up tensions further. The UN and other international organizations have called on both Sudan and South Sudan to exercise restraint and work towards de-escalating the situation to prevent further violence and suffering.