article: Blackburn did their bit on a weekend of Cup upsets to book a place in the fifth round, but it remains to be seen if strikers Rudy Gestede and Jordan Rhodes will still be at the club when that game comes around next month. Manager Gary Bowyer brought his two stars off the bench at Ewood Park, and it was Gestede who made the breakthrough as nine-man Swansea crashed out. The Benin striker is set to join Crystal Palace before the transfer window closes if the two clubs can agree a fee of up to £5million, while £12m-rated Rhodes continues to interest top-flight teams. With Blackburn £79.8m in debt and operating under a transfer embargo, the dilemma is clear: by selling their prize assets to reduce that figure Indian owners Venky’s could also be killing off the club’s fading hopes of promotion back to the Premier League. It’s enough to drive some managers to distraction but Bowyer will accept if Gestede and Rhodes are sold. Crystal Palace target Rudy Gestede scores the winning goal for Blackburn with 12 minutes left to play . Blackburn Rovers came from behind to beat nine-man Swansea City 3-1 in their FA Cup fourth round clash at . Blackburn have only lost two of their last 20 home ties in the FA Cup. ‘It would be a huge blow, of course it would,’ he said. ‘Personally, we have to try and keep all our players in this window. But if they were to go I’m sensible enough. I’ve been brought up the right way to not throw my toys out of the pram and get on with it. ‘That is all I can do. If they were to get sold I would go out and find the next one. ‘Gareth Bale went to Real Madrid, Ronaldo goes to Real Madrid. Eventually it seems to happen to every player these days. All you do is dust yourself down, wish them all the best and crack on. ‘I would obviously put my opinion forward but at the end of the day the owners of the club are there to make the financial decisions.’ Blackburn’s passage to the next round was smoothed by the sixth-minute dismissal of Swansea defender Kyle Bartley. Gylfi Sigurdsson was then shown a straight red for a crude challenge in added time and will now miss Premier League fixtures against Southampton, Sunderland and West Brom. Gestede helped Blackburn reach the fifth round of the FA Cup, but may not be at the club to play that game . Jordan Rhodes (centre) is another player who could be set for a transfer away from Ewood Park . Blackburn manager Gary Bowyer greets opposition boss Monk before the game at Ewood Park .
highlights: Blackburn Rovers beat Swansea City 3-1 in the FA Cup fourth round . Rudy Gestede came off the bench to score for the hosts . Both Gestede and Jordan Rhodes have been linked with moves away . Gary Bowyer was philosophical about the prospect of losing them .
id: 042f12b7d6dc29de06d5a304f8d6144bbe83f11f
chatgpt: Blackburn Rovers secured their place in the fifth round of the FA Cup with a convincing 3-1 victory over Swansea City at Ewood Park on Sunday. The hosts were on the front foot from the outset, with Ben Marshall opening the scoring in the 20th minute with a thunderous free kick from just outside the box. Swansea quickly responded through Nathan Dyer, who capitalized on some lackluster defending from the home side to equalize just six minutes later. However, Blackburn were not to be denied, and took the lead again just before the half-time whistle, with Craig Conway volleying home from close range. The second half saw the introduction of Blackburn’s talisman, Rudy Gestede, who was brought on by manager Gary Bowyer in an attempt to seal the win. The move paid dividends, as Gestede scored just minutes after his introduction, coolly slotting home after being played in by Tom Cairney. Despite only playing a limited role in the victory, Gestede’s performance will have given Blackburn fans reason to be optimistic. The striker has been in red hot form this season, scoring 13 goals in all competitions, and has been linked with a number of Premier League clubs as a result. Another player who has been attracting attention is Gestede’s strike partner, Jordan Rhodes. The Scottish international was not on the score sheet on Sunday, but his presence up front was a constant thorn in Swansea’s side. Speaking after the match, Blackburn manager Gary Bowyer was philosophical about the prospect of losing any of his star players. "We can't stop speculation, but what we can do is concentrate on the players that we've got,” he said. "It’s obviously great to have players like Rudy and Jordan in the squad, but ultimately we have to do what’s best for the club. If a good offer comes in for either of them, we’ll have to consider it." For now, however, Blackburn fans will be relishing the prospect of a cup run, with the club just two wins away from a place in the quarter-finals. With Gestede and Rhodes both in fine form, they will be hoping that the striking duo can fire the team to more success in the weeks to come.