article: (CNN) -- Germany's Maria Hoefl-Riesch showed just why she's the Olympic champion by claiming victory at the women's super-combined event at the World Ski Championships in Austria Friday. The 28-year-old, who started in fourth position after the opening downhill run, made up the 0.20 second deficit before clocking a fastest time of two minutes 39.92 seconds. Hoefl-Riesch edged out Slovenia's Tina Maze with home favorite Nicole Hosp pulling off the fastest slalom run to claim bronze, despite finishing a second off the leader. Vonn faces races against time . "I arrived here hoping for a medal, no matter what color," Hoefl-Riesch told reporters. "I've been lacking confidence this winter. I wasn't favorite coming here and I didn't really feel comfortable in today's slalom. "Knowing Tina's form, I said to myself, 'Okay, second place is already a very good result'. Now I am extremely happy." The home support at Schladming had hoped defending world champion Anna Fenninger would shine on the big stage, but the 23-year-old failed to make one gate high up the course. "I wanted to take risks but it can happen that you straddle a gate," Fenninger told reporters. "It can also happen if I don't take any risks. Straddling is just a timing problem, it's hard to navigate, and even more so if you don't train slalom often." Ski champ Lindsey Vonn injures knee . Slovenia's Maze, who clinched her second medal and 20th podium of the season following her gold in the Super G, was left frustrated with her performance. "I held back and showed too much respect," she told reporters. "My downhill was pretty good though. Second place and a silver medal is still a super result."
highlights: Maria Hoefl-Riesch won gold at the women's super-combined . Slovenia's Tina Maze took silver with home favorite Nicole Hosp claiming bronze. Defending world champion Anna Fenninger loses out after failing to make a gate .
id: 8a242bde7f55c07f80694ef6fd2a48d740b48674
chatgpt: German skier Maria Hoefl-Riesch has won the gold medal in the women's super-combined at the 2015 FIS Alpine World Ski Championships. Slovenia's Tina Maze took the silver medal while Austria's Nicole Hosp clinched the bronze in front of her home crowd. The defending world champion, Anna Fenninger, missed a gate during the super-G section of the event and lost her chance at another title.  Hoefl-Riesch, who has been dealing with injuries this season, skied a brilliant slalom run to edge out Maze, who was in the lead after the super-G section. Hosp, the 2007 world champion, put down a solid run in front of her home fans to take third place. Hoefl-Riesch's victory is particularly noteworthy as she announced during the event that she will be retiring at the end of the season. This gold medal will likely be one of the last highlights of her illustrious career.  As for Maze, this silver medal adds to her impressive collection of World Championship medals - this is her fourth silver medal overall. She has now won nine medals in total at the World Championships, with one gold coming in the giant slalom in 2011. Hosp's bronze medal is a nice accomplishment for the Austrian skier, who returned to competition this season after a three-year absence due to knee injuries. It was her first individual World Championship medal since winning gold in the super-combined back in 2007. The absence of Fenninger from the podium was a shock to many, especially considering she was the defending world champion in this event. However, missing a gate can happen to even the most experienced skiers, and she will have other opportunities to defend her title in the future. Overall, the women's super-combined was an exciting event with a well-deserved winner in Hoefl-Riesch. It will surely be remembered as one of the highlights of the 2015 FIS Alpine World Ski Championships.