article: Barcelona star Neymar has fired an ominous warning to their rest of their domestic title rivals, by hailing that his forward triumvirate with Lionel Messi and Luis Suarez will only get better. The attacking trio were all on target as Luis Enrique's side swept past Athletic Bilbao 5-2 in La Liga on Sunday night. Victory for the Catalan club away from home was also their ninth successive win in all competitions - in a display that saw Neymar, Messi and Suarez wonderfully combine. Barcelona forward Neymar (left) has hailed his attacking partnerhsip with Lionel Messi and Suarez . Messi (left), Suarez and Neymar were all on target as Barcelona won 5-2 at Athletic Bilbao on Sunday . Speaking after their success at the San Mames, Neymar admitted that there was still a long way to go in their season but acknowledged that a special partnership was brewing among the South American trio. 'I don't believe that we're unstoppable but we do a lot of work to help the team,' the 22-year-old told Canal Plus. 'I'm sure that we will win more and more, and will get better. 'We are going well but we need to keep doing the things we're doing. We're very happy because we are performing how we want to on the pitch right now. 'There are still many games left, though, and the season is long. But we're happy to be among the leaders. Messi (left) opened the scoring as Barcelona moved to within a point of La Liga leaders Real Madrid . 'Now we only have to focus on what we're doing. We have to keep working on the pitch but what we did today was spectacular.' Sunday's triumph saw second-placed Barcelona move within one point of league leaders, and eternal rivals, Real Madrid. Barca host Villarreal in the first leg of their Copa del Rey semi-final on Wednesday before entertaining Levante in La Liga on Sunday. Suarez (right) doubled Barca's advantage midway through the first half as they swept past Athletic Bilbao .
highlights: Barcelona thrashed Athletic Bilbao 5-2 away from home on Sunday night . Neymar, Lionel Messi and Luis Suarez were all on target in away win . Barca sit one point behind La Liga leaders Real Madrid in La Liga table . Luis Suarez: I knew the goals would come, I was never nervous . CLICK HERE for all the latest Barcelona news .
id: 090f7e0e7ef7bb3f07a02fff127fd6fc535b2321
chatgpt: Barcelona secured an emphatic 5-2 victory over Athletic Bilbao in a La Liga encounter on Sunday night. The star-studded trio of Neymar, Lionel Messi, and Luis Suarez were all on target to ensure a comfortable away win for the Catalan giants. Barcelona was on the back foot initially as Bilbao took an early lead through Inaki Williams. However, Barca quickly responded as Suarez scored the equalizer with a clinical finish. Within minutes, Neymar put the visitors in front with a well-placed strike. The Brazilian winger was in fine form, tormenting the Bilbao defense with his pace and skill. He then set up Messi, who scored Barca's third goal with a beautiful chip over the goalkeeper. Bilbao tried to get back into the game in the second half, and Aritz Aduriz pulled one back to reduce the deficit. However, Suarez restored Barca's three-goal lead with his second goal of the match, sealing the victory for the Blaugrana. After the match, Suarez dismissed suggestions that he was under pressure due to his lack of goals earlier in the season. "I am never nervous. I know that the goals will come. It is more important to help the team and win games," said Suarez. With the win, Barcelona moved to the second position in the La Liga table, one point behind the leaders, Real Madrid. After a poor start to the season, the Catalan giants have bounced back with a string of impressive results, including a crucial win against their arch-rivals, Los Blancos, in the El Clasico fixture. Barcelona will now look to continue their winning momentum as they face Real Sociedad in their next match. The team would hope that their attacking trio of Messi, Neymar, and Suarez can continue their impressive form and help Barca close the gap on Real Madrid at the top of the table. To stay updated with all the latest Barcelona news, fans can visit the team's official website or click the link provided in the summary.