article: Two IRA terrorists involved in a foiled bomb attack on an Army barracks have been arrested on suspicion of money-laundering in Spain. Leonard ‘Bap’ Hardy and his wife Donna Maguire, who tried to blow up the base at Osnabruck, Germany, in 1989, were held in a police station in Malaga earlier this week. A Spanish man was also held over the alleged scam. Leonard ‘Bap’ Hardy (left) and his wife Donna Maguire (right), who tried to blow up the base at Osnabruck, Germany, in 1989, were held in a police station in Malaga earlier this week . The couple, from Dundalk, County Louth, who have four children, were yesterday waiting to hear whether they would be released without charge or have their detention extended, according to the Sun newspaper. Local police were unable to give any further information. In 2006, Hardy, now 53, was sentenced to six years in jail by a court in Celle, Germany, for his part in the Osnabruck plot, in which he ‘intended to kill as many British soldiers as possible’. But he walked free because the offence took place before 1998’s Good Friday Agreement, which saw those convicted of IRA terror offences released from prison. In the plot, five bombs containing 330lb of Semtex were planted at Quebec barracks, at the Osnabruck base . Four others involved in the bombing – including Maguire, now 57 – were convicted of attempted murder in 1995. Maguire, a former convent girl once described as the most dangerous woman in Europe, received a nine-year sentence for spying on British military bases in Germany with intent to sabotage. But she was also freed immediately because she had spent almost six years on remand. In the plot, five bombs containing 330lb of Semtex were planted at Quebec barracks, at the Osnabruck base. They were discovered at the last minute when a civilian employee surprised two attackers. One bomb exploded, causing extensive damage but no casualties. Hardy also avoided jail last July after settling a £280,000 tax bill and pleading guilty to eight counts of failing to file tax returns. He paid a fine of £6,500. Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
highlights: Leonard ‘Bap’ Hardy and his wife Donna Maguire held in Malaga . They tried to blow up the base at Osnabruck, Germany, in 1989 . Osnabruck plot ‘intended to kill as many British soldiers as possible’
id: a33392a5261e8982ada641f7b6c60a0b4876b6fd
chatgpt: Leonard 'Bap' Hardy and his wife Donna Maguire were arrested recently while on holiday in Malaga, Spain. The couple had been on the run for over three decades after being linked to a plot to blow up the British army's base in Osnabruck, Germany, in 1989. The Osnabruck plot, which was reportedly intended to kill as many British soldiers as possible, was one of the most significant terrorist plots against the British military in Europe at the time. The plan was allegedly masterminded by the Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA) and involved a mortar attack on the base. Hardy and Maguire, who were both suspected to have been involved in the planning of the attack, managed to evade capture for over thirty years, despite Interpol issuing an international arrest warrant for the couple. The two were finally arrested by Spanish police on behalf of British authorities, who now will seek their extradition. The couple's arrest has been hailed as a significant victory for the authorities who have been chasing them for decades. Speaking to the press, a spokesperson for the British Security Service commented: "The arrest of Leonard Hardy and Donna Maguire is a welcome development. We will now work with our Spanish counterparts to ensure that they are brought back to the UK to face justice." The Osnabruck plot was one of the deadliest attacks planned by the IRA in Europe, and it was only thwarted due to a chance discovery by Dutch authorities. In 1990, Dutch police seized a truck containing seven mortar bombs on its way to Germany. The bombs were found to have originated from the Republic of Ireland and were destined for the planned attack on the Osnabruck base. The interception of the truck and subsequent investigation by German authorities led to the arrest of several key members of the IRA, but Hardy and Maguire managed to escape capture. The couple's arrest now brings to an end a long-running investigation into the attack, and it is hoped that they will provide key information about the IRA's activities during the Troubles in Northern Ireland. In conclusion, the arrest of Leonard 'Bap' Hardy and Donna Maguire has finally brought to justice two of the most wanted criminals in the UK. The Osnabruck plot was one of the most significant terrorist attacks planned against British soldiers in Europe, and it is hoped that the couple's capture will help shed light on the activities of the IRA during the Northern Ireland Troubles.  The process of their extradition back to the UK is currently underway.