article: (CNN) -- Historically the hometown dates on "The Bachelorette" can be fraught with a touch of anxiety, but on Monday night's episode there was an abundance of grief. The ABC reality series dealt with the death of contestant Eric Hill, who perished in a paragliding accident following his stint on the show. Hill was one of 25 bachelors vying for the heart of Andi Dorfman. Dorfman visited the hometowns of the four remaining contestants, but the show took a dramatic turn when host Chris Harrison had to inform the group of Hill's passing. "I know this is a little unorthodox," Harrison said. "You all know Eric Hill. He, a couple of days ago, was in Utah paragliding and was in a serious accident. We knew he was hurt bad, but we just didn't know how bad. We learned this morning that he passed away. Obviously I'm really sorry to be the one to have to tell you. But as soon as we found out, I definitely wanted every one of you guys to know as fast as we could." Dorfman broke down in tears and one of the bachelors, Marcus Grodd, had to leave the room. Dorfman was later shown sobbing and lamenting the fact that Hill was eliminated from the show after the pair had a disagreement. "I kicked him out," she said. "I can't believe that was my last conversation with him." Dorfman also rallied to help the others deal with the tragedy. "It just puts in perspective all of this -- there's so much more to all of this," she told them. "There's life, people have lives here." In his blog about the show for EW, Harrison defended the decision to include the heartbreak in the episode. "There were those who didn't think we should shoot it at all and not include this news," he wrote. "I vehemently disagreed. I thought we should not only shoot it, but felt we should include it on this show for you to see as well. I knew this was going to be a brutally sad moment for all of us, but that's why I felt so strongly we should show it."
highlights: Andi Dorfman learned of Eric Hill's death on Monday's episode . She broke down sobbing . The show's host defended the episode .
id: 9a35f0aa1a74a4f7ebf0224bb6103fa601e76d01
chatgpt: On Monday's episode of "The Bachelorette," viewers witnessed a heartbreaking moment as Andi Dorfman learned of the tragic death of Eric Hill. Hill, a contestant on the show who had already been eliminated, was killed in a paragliding accident in Utah in April of 2014, before the season had finished filming. As Dorfman sat down with host Chris Harrison to discuss the loss of Hill, she broke down in tears, sobbing openly on camera. It was clear that Hill's death had deeply affected her, and she struggled to articulate her feelings about it. "It's just really hard," she said, wiping away tears. "I don't know what to say." The episode aired as part of a two-part special, which delved into the behind-the-scenes moments of production on the show. In defending the decision to include Hill's death in the episode, Harrison explained that it was an important part of the story. "Eric was a big part of this season," he said. "And I think it's important for people to see that side of things, to see that these are real people with real emotions." Harrison's defense of the episode came as some viewers criticized the show for exploiting Hill's death for ratings. "This is just sick," one person tweeted. "Using someone's death for ratings is beyond disgusting." But others argued that including Hill's death on the show was a respectful way to honor his memory. "I thought they handled it well," another viewer tweeted. "It was emotional, but it felt genuine." For Dorfman, the loss of Hill was clearly a difficult one. As she tried to express her feelings about his death, she spoke about the impact he had made on her life. "Eric made me a better person," she said. "He reminded me to always be true to myself, even when things get tough." Ultimately, Dorfman's emotional response to Hill's death was a reminder that the people on reality TV shows are indeed real people, with real feelings and real lives beyond the cameras. By including Hill's death on the show, "The Bachelorette" gave viewers a glimpse of the behind-the-scenes reality of the show, and a reminder that the people involved are more than just characters in a TV drama.