article: (CNN) -- Two planes collided in midair Saturday in Boulder, Colorado, killing three people, authorities said. One of the planes, a single-seat Piper Pawnee, was towing a glider. The pilot of the Piper died in the collision, said Rick Brough of the Boulder County Sheriff's Office. But the pilot of the glider, which was carrying two passengers, detached from the plane and landed safely, Brough said. Two people on the second plane, a Cirrus SR 20, also died, Brough said. Authorities began receiving reports of a plane crash around 1:30 p.m. MT, Brough said, adding that people had seen flames in the air in an area less than five miles from the Boulder Municipal Airport. The collision was described as "immediate disintegration and explosion of both planes," said Jennifer Rodi, an air safety investigator with the National Transportation Safety Board. Rodi called the glider's occupants "very lucky" during a news conference Sunday and praised the glider's pilot. "The glider was attached to the Piper Pawnee when the pilot observed the Cirrus aircraft out of the corner of his eye," she said. "He immediately noted they were on a collision course and elected to separate the tow strap from the Piper Pawnee." "He did his job that he signed up for as a commercial pilot," Rodi said. Rodi said the Cirrus was traveling south and the Pawnee was traveling west at the time of the collision. The debris field was spread out over a couple of miles, Brough said. "I was in my house and I heard a loud bang," iReporter Zac Mitchell, of Boulder, told CNN. "I looked out my window and saw a giant fireball in the sky." When he went outside, he said he saw smoke and two objects, including a parachute, falling from the sky. Cirrus aircraft come equipped with an airframe parachute system that deploys in the event of an in-air emergency. It's designed to safely lower the plane to the ground. The NTSB and the Federal Aviation Administration are involved in investigating the incident, Brough said. CNN's Leslie Tripp, John Branch and Nick Valencia contributed to this report.
highlights: Three people were killed Saturday in a midair collision over Boulder, Colorado . One of the planes was towing a glider, Boulder County Sheriff's Department says . The glider pilot was able to detach and land safely, sheriff's department says .
id: a66bfe83095eaa3c3879eb554ebd54ad9721e59f
chatgpt: Tragedy struck over Boulder, Colorado on Saturday as two planes collided midair resulting in the deaths of three people. According to Boulder County Sheriff's Department, one of the planes was towing a glider when the accident occurred. While details are still emerging, it is believed that the pilot of the plane towing the glider lost control before colliding with the other plane. The impact caused both aircraft to crash to the ground, killing all three individuals on board. Miraculously, the glider pilot was able to separate from the tow plane and land safely following the collision. It is believed that his skillful detachment and quick thinking may have saved his life. The crash has sent shockwaves throughout the Boulder community, with many locals expressing their condolences and deep sadness over the loss of life. The identities of the victims have not yet been released pending notification of their families. The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) and the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) are investigating the incident. They will be examining the wreckage and questioning witnesses as they attempt to piece together what happened. It is unclear whether weather conditions or a mechanical problem may have played a role in the collision, and investigators will be looking into these factors as they assess what went wrong. This tragic incident serves as a reminder of the dangers of flying, particularly in high traffic areas. The Boulder County Sheriff's Department has urged anyone with information about the accident to come forward as they work to determine the cause of the collision. In the meantime, the community is coming together to support those affected by this terrible tragedy. As investigations continue, our deepest sympathies go out to the families and loved ones of those who lost their lives in this devastating accident. May they find peace and comfort in the midst of this heartbreaking event.