article: (CNN)  -- Roger Federer cruised into the quarterfinals of the Toronto Masters tournament with a 7-6 6-3 win over Frenchman Michael Llodra on Thursday. It earns the former world number one a rematch with Czech Tomas Berdych, who beat him in the quarterfinals to end his reign as Wimbledon champion in a massive upset. Earlier, seventh seed Berdych continued his fine form this season with a hard-fought 6-3 6-7 6-4 win over Alexandr Dolgopolov of Ukraine. Federer, who is playing his first tournament since the grass court grand slam, showed he is returning to best form after an early scare. Llodra went up an early break in the first set, but once Federer drew level it was one-way traffic. The third seed claimed the subsequent tiebreak seven points to two and early breaks of service in the second put him in command. Federer, who has slipped behind Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic in the rankings, will be intent on revenge when he faces his Wimledon nemesis. "Playing Berdych is going to bring back memories, some not so nice," he told Sky Sports. Defending champion Andy Murray survived a second set slump to record a 6-2 0-6 6-3 victory over 15th seed Gael Monfils. Scot Murray was in total command in the opener but his French opponent hit back with a vengeance as he whitewashed him in the second. But fourth seed Murray regained his composure and with the injury-hit Monfils receiving treatment for a shoulder problem in the decider, he eased to victory. Washington champion David Nalbandian is also into the last eight, claiming the scalp of fifth seed Robin Soderling as he claimed his 11th straight victory on the ATP Tour, a personal record. The Argentine won 4-6 6-4 6-1 as he broke the Swede's powerful service six times, sweeping through the decider after falling a set behind. Sixth seed Nikolay Davydenko is also out, the Russian beaten 6-3 6-2 by unseeded Frenchman Jeremy Chardy. World number one Rafael Nadal was playing his last 16 match later Thursday in the night session, taking on giant South African Kevin Anderson.
highlights: Roger Federer reaches quarterfinals of Rogers Cup tournament in Toronto . Former world number one eases past Michael Llodra in straight sets . He next plays Tomas Berdych who beat him at Wimbledon in big upset . Rafael Nadal is top seed in the Masters Series tournament .
id: 3427a3196f69d5e6c58ee07f6115fbecd2e44e08
chatgpt: Swiss tennis player Roger Federer has advanced to the quarterfinals of the Rogers Cup tournament in Toronto after breezing past his opponent Michael Llodra in straight sets. Federer, a former world number one, secured a comfortable 7-5, 6-3 victory over the Frenchman in just under 90 minutes.  The victory sets up an intriguing clash with Czech Republic's Tomas Berdych, who famously beat Federer at Wimbledon in a shock upset earlier this year. The quarterfinal clash between the two players is set to be a highly anticipated match, as Federer will be determined to avenge his Wimbledon defeat at the hands of Berdych.  Despite Federer's impressive form, he will have to overcome a significant obstacle in top-seeded Rafael Nadal to emerge as the winner of the Rogers Cup. The Spanish superstar has been in exceptional form in recent months and is widely considered one of the favorites to win the Masters Series tournament.  Federer, however, has a proven track record of success in Toronto, having won the tournament twice in his career. The Swiss master will undoubtedly draw on that experience as he looks to add a third Rogers Cup title to his collection.  Speaking after his victory over Llodra, Federer expressed his satisfaction at his performance and his excitement for the upcoming quarterfinal clash. "I feel great about my game and I'm really looking forward to playing Berdych. It's going to be a tough match, but I'm feeling confident and ready for the challenge," he said.  As one of the most successful tennis players of all time, Federer's every move is closely watched and analyzed by fans and sports analysts alike. However, the Swiss star seems to thrive under the pressure, consistently producing impressive performances on the biggest stages.  With the quarterfinal clash against Berdych fast approaching, Federer will be looking to continue his impressive form and secure another important win on his quest for another Rogers Cup title. The eyes of the tennis world will undoubtedly be on this match, as Federer seeks to avenge his Wimbledon defeat and take one step closer to claiming another prestigious tournament victory.