article: WASHINGTON (CNN) -- On Inauguration Day, there's one scene at the White House that won't be playing out exactly as it has during past transitions: the traditional moving of the outgoing first family's belongings. President Bush walks out of the White House Oval Office on January 10. Anita McBride, chief of staff to first lady Laura Bush, tells CNN that the Bushes have moved almost all of their belongings out of the White House ahead of schedule. "There won't be ... the moving trucks for the Bushes coming here," McBride said, adding, "The only things really left for President and Mrs. Bush are their personal belongings and luggage that they'll take that day." McBride said Mrs. Bush directed residence staff early -- in the summer of 2008 -- to prepare the White House for the personal transition. "It's probably the librarian in her," McBride said of Mrs. Bush, a former librarian. "Maybe we've got a bit of a Dewey Decimal system of move-out process, but that certainly made it easier for the residence staff, and they very much appreciate it," McBride said. The actual clearing out of the Bushes' belongings began over the summer, McBride says, when many items were packed and taken to Crawford, Texas. Then, during the Christmas holiday, the Bushes moved their personal things out of Camp David, the presidential retreat in Maryland, according to McBride. That means on Inauguration Day, while President Bush and Mrs. Bush, along with President-elect Obama and his family, are at the Capitol, staff in the White House residence will have more time to unpack and prepare the Obamas' personal belongings. "They have rehearsed this over the last few weeks, everyone has their marching orders, it will be all hands on deck," said McBride. "The residence staff will be here that morning, and they know what their jobs are when the moving truck for the Obamas' move-in arrives," she said, adding, "Their things will be unpacked, and their clothes will be in their rightful place, and whatever furniture that they may have selected from the White House furniture collection will be in the place that they want it to be."
highlights: The Obamas' belongings will be moved into the White House on Tuesday . Most of the Bush family items are already moved to Crawford ranch, Dallas home . Bush move started last summer, according to a White House aide .
id: 3a0a3241e9d1c494d6914e8d73558d315941dc39
chatgpt: The transition of White House residency is nearing its completion as the Obamas' belongings are scheduled to be moved in on Tuesday. The moving process has been in the works for some time, with most of the previous first family's items already relocated to their various destinations.  According to a White House aide, the Bush family began relocating their belongings last summer. The majority of their items have been moved to their Crawford ranch, while the rest have been transported to their home in Dallas.  This standard process of moving the personal belongings of a former first family typically takes place within a few weeks of the inauguration of a new president. It's a necessary and inevitable occurrence in the transfer of power, as the White House must be prepared for the new occupants and their families.  The Obamas are grateful for the cooperation and assistance provided by the Bush family during the moving process, and they look forward to making the White House their new home. With just a few days left until the Inauguration, the incoming First Couple is busy preparing for their arrival and settling in.  The move of personal items is just one aspect of the transition. There are also other significant changes that occur when the presidency changes hands. Meetings between the outgoing and incoming administrations have been taking place to ensure a smooth transition of power, and the members of the incoming team have been working to fill out their Cabinet and other key positions. The Obamas are also in the process of planning their social calendar for their time in the White House. They will be hosting various events and entertaining guests from around the world, as is customary for a presidential family.  Another change that will take place with the new administration is the redecoration of the residence areas. The first family has the freedom to decorate their living quarters according to their own personal style and taste. The Obamas will undoubtedly put their own unique touch on the rooms they inhabit during their time at the White House.  In conclusion, while the task of relocating personal belongings may not seem as significant as other aspects of the transition of power, it is a necessary step in the process. The Obamas' move-in on Tuesday marks the finalization of the moving process, and the start of a new chapter in White House history.