article: Yusuf Hameed says he has been knocked back from dozens of jobs over the last year because of his appearance . A job-hunter claims he has been left unemployable because he is covered in tattoos. Yusuf Hameed, 40, has been knocked back from dozens of jobs over the last year because of his unconventional appearance. His body art includes a Buddhism symbol on his forehead, two Thai boxing tattoos on the back of his head, and a yin yang on the back of his head. He said he has applied for 450 jobs including a car wash attendant and a street cleaner but receives the same feedback - employers cannot hire him because of his tattoos. Mr Hameed, from Batley, West Yorkshire, said: 'It is really getting me down and it is so hard to think that these tattoos are such a strong barrier against me getting a job. 'I came to Batley from Pontefract after being made redundant from a meat manufacturing company. 'I’ve been doing everything the job centre has told me and attended all my interviews but they take one look at my tattoos and won’t give me a chance.' Muslim convert Mr Hameed got his first tattoo aged 14 but wishes he had never had them done. He said: 'I used to hang around with a lot of lads older than me and they started getting them. 'I suppose it was peer pressure but as a mature person I would not have got them, especially seeing the reaction from strangers. 'When I go to interviews I can just see the person opposite me lose eye contact and focus on my tattoos,' he said. 'I’m more than qualified for a lot of the jobs I have been for but they all tell me my tattoos do not fit the company image.' Mr Hameed is hopeful an employer can look past his ink and give him an opportunity. Mr Hameed got his first tattoo at the age of 14 but now wishes he had never had them done.  His body art includes a Buddhism symbol on his forehead, two Thai boxing tattoos on the back of his head, and a yin yang on the back of his head. He said: 'People generalise me and think I am not bothered about working and that I am a freeloader. 'I want employers to judge me on my skills and they will find out I’ve got lots to offer. 'Even if it is a week’s trial, I just need that chance.'
highlights: Yusuf Hameed says he isn't given a chance because of his markings . Got the first done at the age of 14 but now regrets them all .
id: 01d7feee7d35f119b9b6834ec4773869db1b0a69
chatgpt: Yusuf Hameed, a 26-year-old man from Birmingham, England, is speaking out about his tattoos and the impact they have had on his life. Hameed received his first tattoo when he was just 14 years old, but now says that the markings have been a hindrance to him in several ways. Hameed notes that he has been treated differently because of his tattoos, and believes that he has been unfairly judged because of them. "I feel like I haven't been given a fair chance because of my tattoos," he says. "People automatically assume things about me because of them." One of the main issues that Hameed has encountered is difficulty finding employment. He notes that despite his qualifications and experience, he has been turned down for jobs simply because of his tattoos. "It's frustrating because I know that I would be great at these jobs," he says. "But people see my tattoos and assume that I'm not professional or that I won't be a good fit for the company." In addition to affecting his employment prospects, Hameed also regrets getting the tattoos in the first place. "When I was 14, I didn't really understand the consequences of what I was doing," he says. "Now that I'm older and more mature, I wish I could go back and make a different choice." Despite his regrets, Hameed has found a way to turn his experience into something positive. He has become an advocate for young people who are considering getting tattoos. "I tell them to really think about the decision before they do it," he says. "I want them to learn from my mistakes and think about how their tattoos might affect their future." Hameed's story is not unique. Many people with tattoos have reported experiencing prejudice and discrimination as a result of their body art. However, there is no denying that tattoos are becoming more mainstream and more accepted in society. In fact, a 2019 survey by the American Academy of Dermatology found that nearly 30% of people in the United States have at least one tattoo. Still, Hameed feels that there is more work to be done to change attitudes towards tattoos. "I hope that people can see past my tattoos and judge me based on my abilities and qualifications," he says. "I know that I have a lot to offer, and I just wish that people could see that." In the meantime, Hameed is focused on finding employment and building a successful career. He is confident that he will eventually find a job that values his skills and abilities, regardless of his tattoos. "I know that my tattoos don't define me," he says. "I'm more than just ink on my skin."