article: By . Alex Finnis for MailOnline . Angela Merkel briefly ditched her day job  as she hopped on to a quad bike while visiting a German rescue centre. The Chancellor was  getting up close and personal with mountain rescue vehicles as she visited the Federal Office of Civil Protection and Disaster Assistance in Bonn, to learn about the work of the office and of the Federal Agency for Technical Relief. Unfortunately she did not go so far as to drive the vehicle, but she did get stuck in in the kitchen, making soup with members of humanitarian aid organisation Malteser. While she was amid the action, David Cameron was beginning his second holiday of the year - in Polzeath, Cornwall. He has been criticised for taking more time off as Britain becomes increasingly involved in the ongoing crisis in Iraq. Mrs Merkel took her annual holiday in April, heading to the same Italian island she has been going to for years - D'Ischia, near Naples, with her husband Jaochim Sauer. It is perhaps unsurprising that she was careful in the seat of the quad bike - in January she fractured a bone in her pelvis while skiing in Switzerland. Terminator: German Chancellor Angela Merkel looks impressed by a rescue quad bike while visiting the Federal Office of Civil Protection and Disaster Assistance in Bonn . Steely eye: Mrs Merkel looks as determined as The Terminator as she sits atop the rescue quad bike . Action hero: Mrs Merkel jokes around and looks comfortable sitting at the helm of the powerful vehicle . Good time for a brew? David Cameron has been criticised for taking a second holiday of the summer - to Polzeath, Cornwall - while Britain becomes increasingly involved in the ongoing crisis in Iraq . Just a taste: The Chancellor tries some soup as she meets members of the "Die Johanniter" aid organisation . Meet and greet: Mrs Merkel chats with a young member of the Red Cross during her visit .
highlights: German Chancellor visited Federal Office of Civil Protection and Disaster Assistance in Bonn . Meanwhile, David Cameron has received criticism for going on his second holiday of the summer, to Cornwall in the south west .
id: 40dbf30bff529a1484fabda0a1c6e57578e41b0b
chatgpt: German Chancellor, Angela Merkel, visited the Federal Office of Civil Protection and Disaster Assistance in Bonn on Monday. The event attracted a lot of attention since the office has been responsible for coordinating the country's response to the ongoing refugee crisis. The Chancellor received a briefing on the latest developments and was updated on the challenges facing the agency as well as the progress made so far. The visit was seen as a sign of reassurance from the German government that they are committed to resolving the ongoing crisis. Meanwhile, former British Prime Minister, David Cameron, has been criticized for his decision to go on his second holiday of the summer. He was spotted vacationing with his family in Cornwall in the south west of England, which is a popular destination among British tourists. Cameron's holiday comes at a time when the country is facing numerous challenges, including Brexit negotiations, which have raised concerns about the future of the economy and the country's relationship with the European Union. Critics have accused Cameron of being out of touch with the problems facing the country and the need for leadership during these turbulent times. Some have taken to social media to voice their discontent, with one user tweeting, "While the country is burning, David Cameron is playing beach volleyball in Cornwall!" In response to the criticism, Cameron's spokesperson defended his decision to take a break, stating that "the former prime minister is entitled to a private life and to spend time with his family." However, this has done little to quell the public's frustration, as many citizens feel that their leaders should be fully committed to addressing the issues facing the country. The contrast between Merkel's visit and Cameron's holiday highlights the importance of leadership, especially during times of crisis. While the German government is actively engaged in finding solutions to the refugee crisis, the British government has been criticized for being absent during crucial moments, such as the Grenfell Tower fire and the recent terror attacks in Manchester and London. As the UK navigates through the uncertainty of Brexit and other challenges, citizens are looking for strong and effective leadership to guide them through these difficult times. The public's reaction to Cameron's holiday shows that leaders cannot afford to be seen as detached from the issues facing their countries, and that they must be committed to addressing them, regardless of personal preferences.