article: By . Ashley Clements for MailOnline . Follow @@Ashley_Clements . Re-live all the drama here . Manchester United's new signing Radamel Falcao has revealed that he will be fulfilling a dream by playing in the Premier League this season. The Colombian striker sealed a shock £6million season-long move to United on Monday and will wear the No 9 shirt for Louis van Gaal's side. Speaking to MUTV, Falcao said: 'I am very happy to be part of this big club. I’ve waited for this moment during a lot of the year. Now I am a player of Manchester United. Proud: Radamel Falcao claims 'it was a dream' to play in the Premier League . Side by side: Falcao poses with the United shirt and assistant manager Ryan Giggs . 'For me, it was a dream to play in the Premier League. I always wanted to be here because this league is very good, it has very good teams and Manchester United is the best team in England.' Falcao joins from Monaco where he scored 13 goals in 22 appearances last season before a knee injury ruled him out of the 2014 World Cup. United fans had to wait until 1:30am on Tuesday morning for Falcao to be officially unveiled after a day which saw the Colombian arrive at Manchester airport shortly before 6pm as the Red Devils smashed the £160m barrier for the summer of spending under Van Gaal. Jetting in: Falcao's private plane lands at Manchester Airport shortly before 6pm on Monday night . On the move: Falcao moved from Monaco to United in a £6million season-long loan deal . The 28-year-old striker added: 'It was a very long day. It was hard, difficult. We were waiting until the last minute but I didn’t lose my faith. 'Now I want to say thank you to God for this. I’m very happy.' £147.1m - Amount spent by United in the summer transfer window, more than any other team in the country . 200 - Goals scored by Falcao during his club career . £10m - United’s net spend this summer is around £10million higher than Jose Mourinho’s entire net spend in his two spells at Chelsea . 7 - United have signed seven players this summer, the most in one window since the summer of 2007 . 0.66 - Falcao’s goals per game rate in his club career, much better than the PL’s top strikers. Aguero 0.48, Van Persie 0.47, Rooney 0.45, Dzeko 0.44, Giroud 0.42, Sturridge 0.39, Balotelli 0.39, Costa 0.38 .
highlights: Radamel Falcao reveals his dream to play in the Premier League . Colombian striker looking forward to playing for the 'best team in England . Falcao has signed a season-long loan deal with Louis van Gaal's side . Deals takes United's summer spending past £160million . 28-year-old says he has 'waited for this moment' all year .
id: 8bb18fd39db0e2656658dde012122383bad01f61
chatgpt: Colombian striker, Radamel Falcao, has revealed his dream to play in the Premier League for the "best team in England." The 28-year old has signed a season-long loan deal with Manchester United, taking the club's summer spending past the £160million mark. Falcao has long been a target for several English clubs, including United's rivals Manchester City, but it is clear that he has always had his heart set on playing for the Red Devils. Speaking about the move, the striker said that he has "waited for this moment" all year and is excited to finally join the club. Although Falcao's move to United was considered a surprise to some, Louis van Gaal's team have been on the lookout for a world-class striker all summer, and it seems that they have finally found their man. Falcao is widely considered to be one of the best strikers in the world, having scored 155 goals in 200 appearances for Porto, Atletico Madrid, and AS Monaco. United have had a turbulent season so far, having won just one of their opening four Premier League games under Van Gaal. However, the addition of Falcao to their squad could provide the much-needed spark to help turn their fortunes around. With his speed, athleticism, and deadly finishing, the Colombian could be just what the Red Devils need to challenge for the title. Falcao's move to United is also a significant one for the Premier League as a whole. The Colombian is widely regarded as one of the best players in the world, and his arrival in England will undoubtedly bolster the league's global appeal. As one of the traditional powerhouses of English football, United's acquisition of Falcao only serves to underline the Premier League's standing as one of the most competitive and attractive leagues in the world. For Falcao himself, the move represents a chance to fulfill his dream of playing in the Premier League. Having won numerous titles in Portugal, Spain, and France, the Colombian will be eager to add the iconic English league to his list of accomplishments. With his talent, ambition, and passion, it seems likely that he will be able to do just that, and United fans will undoubtedly be hoping that he can help bring success back to Old Trafford.  Overall, Radamel Falcao's arrival at Manchester United is a significant moment for both the club and the Premier League as a whole. With his world-class talents and impressive track record, he represents a major coup for Louis van Gaal's team and a new chapter for English football. All eyes will be on the Colombian in the coming weeks and months as he looks to make his mark in the Premier League and help United regain their place at the top of English football.