article: By . Keith Gladdis . PUBLISHED: . 13:35 EST, 18 April 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 18:49 EST, 18 April 2013 . It's one of London’s most desirable addresses with five-star hotels and fabulous views over Hyde Park. But the Romanian travellers who have descended on Park Lane are not the most welcome of visitors. Suitcases in tow, they have taken over a patch of grass near Marble Arch and it is feared they may set up a camp. Back on the scene: Romanian beggars have been pictured setting up camp in Marble Arch once again . Going nowhere: The group was pictured huddle together chatting or sleeping on the grass nearby . Nuisance: Others were pictures gathered in the doorway of a luggage shop drinking cups of tea . A 40-strong band did exactly that a year ago, turning the site into a rubbish dump and being accused of knife-point robberies and other crimes. Yesterday Richard Owen, who has a burger van at Marble Arch, said the new arrivals were bad for tourism. He said he had just seen two Romanian women ‘pull their skirts down, squat down and go to the toilet’. He added: ‘There were tourists going by on those open-top buses, people everywhere, they didn’t care. It was absolutely disgusting. ‘The police don’t seem to be doing anything. ‘All they seem to be doing is going up and checking passports and then just let them go. Taking a nap: It is not yet clear if these travellers are part of the same gang who blighted Marble Arch last year . Problem: Police and Westminster Council faced a long-running battle to remove the travellers last summer . Blight: The beggars have gathered in sight of some of the capital's top hotels . ‘When I get here in the morning there are usually about 60-70 of them. They are drinking and begging. It’s ruining the tourism.’ Tony Carlozzi, 31, on holiday with a friend from New York, said she saw one of the group urinating in the underpass. ‘He just looked at me, he was drunk,’ she added. ‘I couldn’t believe it and I’m from New York. I don’t know why the police don’t just lock them up, that’s what would happen in America. ‘They have been begging. It is intimidating. It is the sort of thing that would put me off coming to London again.’ Britain is preparing itself for a predicted influx of Romanians – and Bulgarians – when they are given free access to our jobs market in January. Ministers have refused to put an estimate on how many migrants will travel here but campaign group MigrationWatch has warned it could be 50,000 every year for five years from 2014.
highlights: Group of around a dozen pictured near Park Lane earlier this week . Seen chatting, clutching suitcases and sleeping on the grass . Authorities had long-running battle to remove travellers last summer .
id: 5196b31b400884282b670d0dee14b5fb19dc73a4
chatgpt: Authorities have reportedly been alerted to a group of around a dozen people who were recently pictured near Park Lane earlier this week. The group, believed to be travellers, were seen chatting amongst themselves, clutching suitcases and even sleeping on the grass. This recent sighting has brought back memories of last summer's battle between authorities and travellers who had set up camp in the Park Lane area. Authorities had to take legal action in order to remove the group of travellers who had set up camp there, causing damage to the area and disturbing nearby residents. The authorities have yet to comment on the recent sighting, but local residents have expressed their concerns about the potential impact on the area. One resident, who did not wish to be named, said, "It's worrying to see travellers back in the area. Last summer was a nightmare for us residents who had to deal with the noise and damage caused by the group." Traveller camps have been a long-standing issue for authorities across the UK, with many local councils struggling to find a solution to the problem. The issue has led to calls for more funding and resources to be allocated towards providing permanent sites for travellers, in order to prevent them from setting up camp in public spaces. Last year, the issue came to a head when a group of travellers set up camp on a school playing field in Northamptonshire. The school was forced to close for several days as authorities sought to remove the group, causing significant disruption to the local community. Despite these challenges, there have been some success stories in dealing with traveller camps. In some areas, councils have worked to provide temporary sites for travellers, which has been successful in reducing the number of unauthorised camps in the area. In the meantime, authorities will be closely monitoring the latest sightings near Park Lane and taking action if necessary. Residents will also be keeping a watchful eye on the area in the coming days, as concerns over the potential impact of unauthorised camps continue to plague local communities across the UK. It remains to be seen what action, if any, will be taken to prevent the group of travellers from setting up camp in the Park Lane area. However, local authorities will undoubtedly be hoping to avoid a repeat of the disruption caused by last summer's battle.