article: (CNN) -- You couldn't really call him a "Bond villain" in the grander context of Dr. No, Auric Goldfinger, Hugo Drax or that annoyingly resilient cat-fancier Ernst Stavros Blofeld. Those guys were schemers, planners, twisted visionaries of mass apocalypse whose Big Ideas were to be played out at humanity's expense. They thought they were so much smarter than the rest of us that it made it easier to invest our collective hope that James Bond would ultimately ruin their parties. But Jaws? We could never get as worked up about him any more than you get upset about a lower-level employee called upon do to a dirty job, even if the employee is over 7 feet tall and has the chromium grill of a compact car for teeth. In the fantasy universe of henchmen and human tool-kits, Jaws was the uberstooge, an angel of death who couldn't soar far or fast enough to deliver the coup de grace to 007. It's not that we (necessarily) rooted for Jaws any more than we really wanted Wile E. Coyote to catch the Road Runner. Wait, maybe we did. Jaws often resembled that poor scrawny desert wretch whenever he fell (literally) short of his quarry. In any case, we had so much fun watching him chase Roger Moore's plummy-voiced version of Bond in 1977's "The Spy Who Loved Me" that we cheered upon first seeing him return in 1979's "Moonraker." Imagine how Goldfinger's henchman Oddjob would have been received if his hat hadn't gotten caught in that electrified grill. Monstrous as Jaws was, there was something deep inside that made us feel a little sorry for him when having all that muscle and menace and grillwork did him little good. (I mean, c'mon, man, you can take down a real shark by yourself, but can't do away with a smarty-pants secret agent smaller than you?) The man who played the role, Richard Kiel, died Wednesday in Los Angeles at 74. And it's no surprise to learn, from an interview he did in 2009, that he insisted on making him less a walking prop and more like a person with such "human characteristics" as "frustration" and "perseverance." There was more of the latter than the former in Kiel's post-Bond career. He embraced his Jaws-inspired notoriety with abiding grace and generosity. He continued to act, became a born-again Christian after a bout with alcoholism and even co-wrote a biography of the Kentucky abolitionist Cassius Clay for whom the Louisville-born Muhammad Ali was originally named. With Kiel's passing, you suddenly realize how inimitable Jaws was. Is there anybody like him in movies now? Beyond, maybe, the pro wrestling circuit, is there anybody like him anywhere?
highlights: Gene Seymour: Jaws wasn't standard, scheming Bond villain. He was no Dr. No or Hugo Drax . We wanted Bond to beat them. But Jaws more a low-level employee: scary, not hateful, he says . He says late actor, Richard Kiel, who played Jaws, said he tried to make him more human . Seymour: His passing makes you realize how singular his villain was; no one else like him .
id: 880f2435d3479d52d76e5405486c8a03ffbeae2a
chatgpt: The James Bond franchise is known for its iconic villains, from the sophisticated Dr. No to the diabolical Hugo Drax. But according to Gene Seymour, film critic and historian, there was one villain that stood out from the rest: Jaws. Played by Richard Kiel, Jaws made his first appearance in 1977's "The Spy Who Loved Me" and returned in 1979's "Moonraker." Unlike his fellow Bond villains, Jaws wasn't a standard scheming mastermind. "We wanted Bond to beat them," Seymour explains, "but Jaws was more like a low-level employee: scary, not hateful." Seymour notes that Kiel, who passed away in 2014, tried to make the character more human, despite his iconic steel teeth and towering figure. In fact, it was Kiel's unique portrayal that made Jaws such a memorable character. "His passing makes you realize how singular his villain was," Seymour reflects, "there was no one else like him." Jaws wasn't a villain with a grand plan for world domination, but rather a henchman who served whoever paid him. Yet, his relentless pursuit of Bond, and his unwavering loyalty to his employers, made him a formidable foe. In "The Spy Who Loved Me," Jaws is introduced as a hired assassin, sent to kill Bond. However, when Bond outsmarts him, Jaws becomes obsessed with killing him, even risking his own life in the process. In "Moonraker," Jaws is again tasked with taking out Bond, but this time he develops a romantic attachment to one of Bond's allies, which ultimately leads to his defection. While Jaws never achieves his goal of killing Bond, his determination and loyalty left a lasting impression on audiences and cemented him as one of the franchise's most beloved villains. Beyond Kiel's performance, Jaws also stands out for his physical appearance. His steel teeth became an iconic feature of the character, and have been parodied and referenced in pop culture for decades. While the teeth were originally intended to be a practical weapon that Jaws could use to take down his opponents, they served a greater purpose as a symbol of his menacing presence. In many ways, Jaws represented the perfect antagonist for James Bond. He wasn't a megalomaniacal genius with complex motives and plans, but rather a henchman who posed a physical threat to Bond's survival. And yet, despite his fearsome appearance and relentless pursuit, Jaws also had moments of vulnerability and humanity, making him a complex and unforgettable villain. With Kiel's passing in 2014, Jaws remains a testament to the power of a great villainous performance. While the Bond franchise has continued to produce memorable antagonists, there's no denying the singular impact of Jaws, the steel-toothed menace who carved out a unique place in movie villain history.