article: By . Emily Crane . and Aap . Opposition Leader Bill Shorten has lashed out at Joe Hockey calling him an 'arrogant, cigar-chomping' federal treasurer whose charmed life has 'robbed him of charity'. Mr Shorten's comments came during a fiery speech to 1,000 Labor party supporters at its NSW conference at Sydney's Town Hall on Sunday. The Treasurer and Finance Minister Mathias Cormann were filmed smoking cigars outside Parliament House shortly before the government's budget was delivered in May. Scroll down for video . Bill Shorten lashed out at Joe Hockey during a fiery speech to 1,000 Labor party supporters at its NSW conference at Sydney's Town Hall on Sunday . Their critics seized on the footage saying it showed the government was out of touch with everyday Australians facing deep budget cuts. 'This arrogant, cigar-chomping treasurer, his hopeless story, reveals that it took Tony Abbott to block him from deeper, harder cuts,' Mr Shorten said. 'Seriously. If it's up to Tony Abbott to tell you that you've gone too far, you've well and truly gone too far.' The Labor leader said the government was 'unravelling from the centre and rotting from the top'. Shorten called Joe Hockey an 'arrogant, cigar-chomping' federal treasurer in reference to when he was filmed smoking cigars outside Parliament House before the budget . 'This is a budget brought to you by a conservative Prime Minister who doesn't see it as his duty to care for everyone,' he said. 'By a conservative treasurer whose personal comfort in life has robbed him of charity, and, I might say, judgment.' Much of Mr Shorten's speech focused on Labor's support for Medicare amid Mr Abbott's plan to impose a $7 Medicare co-payment. He said it was 'madness' for Australia to adopt a United States-style health system, just when Americans were 'finally making a long and exhausting U-turn'. The Treasurer's critics seized on the footage saying it showed the government was out of touch with everyday Australians facing deep budget cuts . On party reform, Mr Shorten urged Labor to 'rebuild as a party of members, not factions'. Mr Shorten has been calling on the ALP to change its rules so that party members no longer be required also to be union members. On Saturday, the conference supported a plan to give ordinary members a 50 percent say on who becomes state Labor leader. But a plan from party elder John Faulkner calling for direct elections for upper house candidates was rejected.
highlights: Bill Shorten lashed out at the Treasurer during a fiery speech to Labor supporters at Sydney's Town Hall . Joe Hockey was filmed smoking cigars out Parliament House prior to the budget with critics saying he was out of touch with Australians . Much of Mr Shorten's speech focused on Labor's support for Medicare amid the government's plan to impose $7 co-payment .
id: 36aedb63826e2dde596ee0796483fe2fcecaa11d
chatgpt: Labor leader Bill Shorten has taken aim at Treasurer Joe Hockey during a rousing speech to supporters at Sydney's Town Hall. The fiery address saw Mr. Shorten criticizing Mr. Hockey's supposed insensitivity towards the concerns of everyday Australians. "Joe Hockey was seen smoking cigars outside of Parliament House before the budget," Mr. Shorten said, gesturing towards a screen displaying images of Mr. Hockey puffing on a cigar. "This is a man who is completely out of touch with the struggles of everyday Australians. He doesn't understand what it's like to worry about making ends meet or how difficult it can be to afford basic healthcare." Much of Mr. Shorten's speech focused on the Labor Party's support for Medicare in the face of the government's proposed $7 co-payment scheme. "It's time for the Morrison government to stop attacking the most vulnerable members of our community," Mr. Shorten declared. "Labor will always fight to protect Medicare and ensure that every Australian has access to quality, affordable healthcare." The proposed co-payment scheme would require patients to pay $7 each time they see a doctor, receive pathology or imaging services, or visit an emergency department. The government has defended the plan as necessary to help reign in ballooning healthcare costs, but opponents argue that it will disproportionately impact low-income earners and those with chronic health conditions. Mr. Shorten also took the opportunity to criticize the government's broader economic policies, claiming that they were designed to benefit corporations and the wealthy rather than the average Australian. "This government is obsessed with protecting the interests of their big business donors," Mr. Shorten said. "Labor will always put people first, and we'll work tirelessly to build a fairer, more equitable society for all Australians." The speech was met with rapturous applause from the audience, many of whom were holding signs supporting Medicare and denouncing the co-payment scheme. Mr. Shorten concluded by urging supporters to join the fight to protect the healthcare system and promote a fairer Australia. "This isn't just about Labor versus the government," Mr. Shorten said. "This is about standing up for our values and beliefs, and fighting for what's right. I call on all Australians to join us in this struggle, and together we can build a better, more inclusive society for all."