article: By . Anna Sanders . PUBLISHED: . 18:15 EST, 2 June 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 18:15 EST, 2 June 2013 . It seems the audience for Will Smith's post-apocalyptic After Earth is already nearly extinct. The film, starring Smith and his son Jaden, opened Friday to universally bad reviews, making only $27 million at third place for the weekend, according to The Associated Press. Based on Smith's own original story, the movie centers on a father and son after the pair, played by real-life father and son Smith and Jaden, crash land on Earth a thousand years after humans abandon the planet when it is devastated by global warming. Poor showing: Will Smith's futuristic flick After Earth, staring him and his son Jaden, pictured, was third place at the box office its opening weekend after universally bad reviews . In a zero-star review of the piece, New York Daily News film critic Joe Neumaier said the movie was this summer’s first 'bomb,' calling it a 'crashing bore'. 'Lurking in every corner of After . Earth are poky action scenes, sketchy plot details, lazy logistics, . junky sci-fi mumbo jumbo and dull-as-rice attacks by futuristic . baboons,' Neumaier said. In its review, The Wall Street Journal even asks, 'Is After Earth the worst movie ever made?' Maybe not, but 'It…is…all…very…mysterious…and…deeply…dreary,' film critic Joe Morgenstern concluded. Disappointing: After Earth, starring Will and Jaden Smith, performed below expectations its opening weekend, according to Sony's president of worldwide distribution . Sony Pictures, which distributed the film, even admitted they were disappointed by the flick’s initial showing. 'It’s below our expectations here . domestically,' Rory Bruer, Sony's president of worldwide distribution, . told The Associated Press. But Bruer added its worldwide release next week will show improvement. 'We feel very good about the . potential of the film on a worldwide basis,' he told The Associated . Press. 'It will open 60 countries next week.' Summer of sequels: Fast & Furious 6 raced ahead After Earth at the box office, remaining in first place and making $34.5 million its second weekend in the U.S. After Earth's poor opening weekend . might be attributed to the success of flashy sequel Fast & Furious . 6. The car-jacking action film remained at the top of the box office for . the second weekend in a row since its release in the U.S. on May 24. Fast & Furious 6 made $120 . million its opening weekend and another $34.5 million this weekend, . according to The Associated Press. Now You See Me, about a group of magician bank-robbers, took second place in its opening weekend, making $28.1 million.
highlights: After Earth, starring Smith and his son Jaden, made only $27 million in its opening weekend following bad reviews . Fast & Furious 6 remains at the top of the box office for a second week . 'It’s below our expectations here domestically,' said Sony Picture's president of worldwide distribution, Rory Bruer .
id: a187d4e435171ed59b88edd8afbd0e3e3a39a7d2
chatgpt: Despite high expectations and a star-studded cast, the science fiction movie 'After Earth' failed to impress its viewers in its opening weekend. The film, which stars Will Smith and his son Jaden, only earned $27 million at the domestic box office, a disappointing figure considering its production budget of over $130 million.  The film's underwhelming performance can be attributed to multiple factors, including negative reviews from critics, audience indifference, and strong competition from other movies. Filmed in the summer of 2012, 'After Earth' was originally slated for release in June 2013 but was delayed until May 2013. The delay, coupled with the negative reviews, seems to have had a significant impact on the film's opening weekend performance. 'After Earth' was pitted against the latest installment of the popular action franchise 'Fast & Furious 6', which remained at the top of the box office in its second week. Despite 'After Earth' being released in over 3,000 theaters, 'Fast & Furious 6' was screened in 600 more theaters and earned $35.2 million, almost $8 million more than its debut weekend. The film's continued success at the box office highlights the power of established franchises and the difficulty of breaking into the market with new and untested properties. Rory Bruer, Sony Pictures' president of worldwide distribution, admitted that 'After Earth's' opening weekend was "below our expectations here domestically." He went on to say that the film is still expected to perform well overseas due to the star power of the Smiths and the universal theme of survival. The film has already earned $45.5 million internationally, bringing its worldwide box office total to $72.5 million. Despite the film's financial disappointment, 'After Earth' has sparked conversations about the involvement of celebrity families in Hollywood. Will Smith has been instrumental in launching the careers of both of his children, Jaden and Willow, who have appeared in movies, television shows, and music videos. While some argue that their success is justified, others question whether they are receiving special treatment due to their family connections. In conclusion, the opening weekend of 'After Earth' was a major disappointment for its studio, investors, and fans. The film's underperformance can be attributed to a combination of negative reviews, stiff competition, and delays in its release. However, it remains to be seen whether it will ultimately make a profit due to its international performance. Regardless of its financial success or failure, 'After Earth' has sparked important conversations about the role of celebrity families in the entertainment industry.