article: (CNN) -- Pfc. Bradley Manning is one of the biggest whistle-blowers in U.S. history, and his case is one of the Obama administration's unprecedented seven prosecutions against national security and intelligence whistleblowers. His disclosures to WikiLeaks revealed war crimes and torture -- topics that are surely in the public's interest to know. The fact that the mainstream media around the world reprinted the bulk of his disclosures is evidence of the clear value in knowing what our government is doing. Manning was sentenced to 35 years, but should have been sentenced to time served already: 3Â½ years, 112 days of which was improper pretrial detention, also known as torture. He suffered prolonged solitary confinement and was forced to be naked. Manning's trial was sparsely covered by the mainsteam media. The alternative media outlets who did cover the story comprehensively were faced with unprecedented secrecy, so much so that for months of pretrial proceedings, none of the court pleadings was publicly available. America should be better than secret courts and the criminalization of whistleblowing. The military prosecutors asked the judge to lock Manning up for 60 years in order to "send a message." Sending a message has everything to do with politics and nothing to do with justice. Although it was not the 60 years that the government asked for, Manning's 35-year sentence is still clearly intended to send a message for his conduct -- conduct that provided the public with evidence of clear wrongdoing and did no harm to the United States. The wrongdoers whose crimes Manning exposed enjoyed far gentler fates. Like Manning, my whistleblower clients, former National Security Agency executive Thomas Drake, who exposed warrantless wiretapping; and former CIA officer John Kiriakou, who exposed his agency's use of torture, were charged under the Espionage Act. Unlike Manning, they were not convicted under that act, although Kiriakou is serving out a 30-month prison sentence. As in Manning's case, the only person to be truly punished was the whistleblower. Drake and Kiriakou helped expose two of the biggest scandals of the post-9/11 era, yet they are the only two people criminally prosecuted in connection with them. The message is clear: It is safer for a government employee to violate the Fourth Amendment or to torture detainees or to gun down apparent civilians, as seen in the "Collateral Murder" video that Manning released to WikiLeaks. (That classified video shows a United States Apache helicopter firing on a group of people in New Baghdad in 2007 who do not return fire. Two of those killed were Reuters' employees; two children were severely injured. An Army investigation found the crew followed the rules of engagement). Manning's harsh sentence and the government's despotic desire to "send a message" represents yet another dismal step toward secrecy from a presidential administration that once pledged to be the "most transparent in history." The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Jesselyn Radack and Kathleen McClellan.
highlights: Writers: Pfc. Bradley Manning is one of the biggest whistleblowers in U.S. history . They say the public needs to know about the U.S. war crimes and torture he revealed . Manning should have been sentenced to the 3Â½ years he already served, they say . Writers: 35-year sentence reflects government's despotic desire to "send a message"
id: e809e7ba5ffd793139628480f019207845351d7c
chatgpt: Pfc. Bradley Manning, one of the most prominent whistleblowers in the history of the United States, should have only served the 3½ years he already endured, contend a group of writers. The group argues that Manning exposed war crimes and torture committed by the U.S. military, and the public had a right to know about them.  Manning was originally sentenced to 35 years in prison in 2013 for what the government called the largest leak of classified documents in U.S. history. Manning provided a large cache of documents to the anti-secrecy website WikiLeaks, including diplomatic cables and military reports. In a letter to President Barack Obama, the group of notable writers, including Oliver Stone, Naomi Wolf and Alice Walker, called Manning's sentence "a callous statement of brutal power," stating that it shows the U.S. government's "despotic desire to 'send a message'."  The letter contends that Manning's actions were part of his duty and responsibility, and the information he provided to the public was in the interests of exposing wrongdoing by the U.S. government. The group argues that if Manning had not come forward, the public would have been left unaware of the human rights abuses and crimes committed by the U.S. military.  "Manning's actions were driven by a compelling sense of justice, a desire to expose truths that were being kept from the American people, from the world, and from history," the letter reads. "The U.S. government was committing war crimes and torture, and there was no good reason for this activity to remain hidden." The writers also criticized the lack of mainstream media coverage of Manning's case, saying that it was "part of a broader effort by the U.S. government to silence whistleblowers and to prevent the public from learning the truth about the ways in which our government is violating fundamental principles of human rights and international law." Since Manning's sentencing, there has been a growing debate over the role of whistleblowers in society and whether or not they should be held accountable for their actions. Some argue that individuals like Manning are heroes for exposing government misconduct, while others believe that they are traitors who endanger national security. Regardless of one's opinion, it is clear that the case of Bradley Manning has highlighted important issues related to government transparency and accountability to the public. While Manning may have been punished for his actions, the public now has a better understanding of the U.S. government's activities abroad and the ongoing need for transparency within our political system. In conclusion, Manning's case will continue to spark debate and discussion for years to come, and it is up to each individual to decide whether or not his actions were justifiable. What is clear, however, is that whistleblowers like Manning play a crucial role in exposing government wrongdoing and holding our leaders accountable for their actions.