article: Customers could soon design their own items, go into a supermarket and have them printed in 3D, if an ambitious major project by Tesco succeeds. The high street retail giant is working on developing new technology for a variety of products in its stores. Ideas include digitally making clothing, furniture, personal gifts and even food in their shops. The supermarket giant is keen to use new technologies to offer a wider range of products to consumers. Company researchers believe 3D printers are a natural progression given that they already offer photo and poster printing . The project could also see Tesco stores repair broken items or print spare parts for a product that has already been purchased. Paul Wilkinson, a lead research specialist with Tesco, revealed the retail giant’s ambitions writing a blog post on tesco.com about the potential of 3D printing. He said: '3D printing] could revolutionise the way we view stores and what we can get from them.' Wilkinson, who is heading on a fact-finding mission to San Francisco with a team from Tesco, added in The Grocer magazine: 'We already print photos and posters in many of our larger stores, so why not other gifts and personalised items? 'How about letting kids design their own toys and then actually being able to get them made? What if we had a digital catalogue of spare parts for items that you’d bought? 3D printing is burgeoning industry with all manner of objects, such as this gun, now being created. 'They could be printed on demand and ready for you by the time you’d finished your shopping. You could even take a broken item into store; we could scan it in 3D, repair it digitally and make you a new one. 'There’s been a lot of buzz recently. It’s great that we have one of the machines to test out and to be able to look at how they might change the way stores work.' He said the Tesco team would be meeting “some of the big names and getting together with lots of start-ups and trying to find that idea or product that might just change the retail world.' This is not the first time 3D technology has attracted headlines after it was revealed recently a printed gun had been digitally made.  The blueprints for the gun were then posted on a website and downloaded over 100,000 times. The Mail on Sunday also printed their own gun and demonstrated how easy it was to get it through immigration and security.
highlights: Paul Wilkinson, a lead research specialist with the supermarket, revealed 3D printing ambitions on a blog post for tesco.com . Said Tesco already print photos so 3D printing is a natural progression . Wilkinson is on a trip to the U.S. to 'meet some of the big names... to find an idea or product that might just change the retail world'
id: 0018b611996c4ea42c7f4b6d9a2f7379855aa4a2
chatgpt: Tesco, the popular supermarket chain, has revealed its ambitions to venture into the world of 3D printing. Paul Wilkinson, a lead research specialist with Tesco, divulged this information in a recent blog post on tesco.com. Wilkinson disclosed that Tesco already prints photos, and given the advancements in technology, 3D printing would be a natural progression for the company. This move is aimed at bringing innovative solutions to the retail industry and offering customers more personalized products. The Tesco specialist is currently on a trip to the United States and plans to explore more about the possibilities of 3D printing. "I'm keen to explore the possibilities around 3D printing, which is still in its infancy as a retail channel, as well as other technologies that can bring new and exciting products to Tesco customers," Wilkinson said in his blog post. Throughout his journey, Paul Wilkinson is scheduled to meet with some of the biggest names in the 3D printing industry to get insight into the latest developments and gather inspiration for new product ideas. He stated that his mission was to "find an idea, or product that might just change the retail world." 3D printing is a rapidly growing industry that has already impacted several sectors, including healthcare, automotive, and aerospace. The technology offers a unique opportunity for retailers to produce customized products for their customers. With a focus on innovation and customer satisfaction, Tesco is now exploring the full potential of 3D printing. If Tesco continues down this path, it could pave the way for a significant transformation in the retail industry. 3D printing enables companies to offer personalized products on demand, thereby reducing the need for large quantities of stock, which, in turn, reduces waste and costs. It offers a more sustainable approach to production and could change how the industry operates in the future. In conclusion, Tesco's move into 3D printing is a significant step forward for both the company and the retail industry as a whole. As Wilkinson's trip progresses, it will be exciting to see what ideas and products Tesco will bring forth, and how they could shape the future of retail.