article: London (CNN) -- British girl Madeleine McCann, who vanished during a 2007 family vacation in Portugal, may still be alive, UK authorities said Wednesday. Madeleine was a few days shy of her fourth birthday when she disappeared from her family's holiday apartment in Praia da Luz as her parents dined in a nearby tapas restaurant with friends. Despite a huge police investigation, massive coverage in the Portuguese and British media, and a public riveted on social media, she remains missing. London's Metropolitan Police on Wednesday released a new image of the girl created in collaboration with the family that shows how Madeleine might look at age 9. Her ninth birthday is May 12. Timeline of the case . An investigative review formed in May last year has been going through details from the case. "As a result of evidence uncovered during the review, they now believe there is a possibility Madeleine is still alive and are appealing for anyone who is able to provide direct information as to her whereabouts to contact the team," police said in a statement, without disclosing any details on the possibility of new leads. Investigators are combing through about 100,000 pages of information for more details, authorities said. "The intention is to identify from that material investigative opportunities which we will then present to the Portuguese authorities who retain primacy for the investigation," police said. "Officers have so far identified around 195 such opportunities within the historic material, and are also developing what they believe to be genuinely new material." Detective Chief Inspector Andy Redwood, who is leading a team of more than 35 officers focused on the McCann case, said they "will continue to put Madeleine McCann at the heart of everything we do." Redwood has visited Portugal seven times since the disappearance and has regular contact with the girl's parents. The investigation is split equally down two lines -- one assuming that Madeleine is dead, the other that she is alive, police said. Since her disappearance, her parents have appealed for help and said there's a chance she may still be alive. Frequent reports of sightings of her in various parts of the world have sparked frenzies. Last year, a report of a girl bearing a resemblance to the child created a spike on social media. A spokesman for the girl's parents said the latest report is no more credible than other tips that proved incorrect over the years. Portuguese investigators closed the case in July 2008.
highlights: Madeleine McCann vanished during a 2007 family vacation in Portugal . London's Metropolitan Police release an image of how the girl might look now . They say evidence uncovered during a review of the case gave new hope . A family spokesman says the new report is no more credible than others .
id: ff503c848557da9e64daeacabc683413511e8c39
chatgpt: London's Metropolitan Police have just released a new image of how Madeleine McCann might look now, more than a decade after she vanished during a family vacation in Portugal in 2007. The new image, created by forensic artists, was released in the hope that it will help generate new leads in the case. The release of the image follows a recent review of the case, during which new evidence was uncovered. In a statement, the Metropolitan Police said that the evidence had given them "new hope" that they might be able to solve the case and bring closure to Madeleine's family. However, a family spokesman has since said that the new report is no more credible than others that have been released over the years. Madeleine's disappearance has been the subject of intense media scrutiny for over a decade. Despite numerous leads, extensive investigations and high-profile appeals, no one has ever been charged in connection with her disappearance. The new image released by the Metropolitan Police shows a digitally-aged image of Madeleine, depicting how she might look now at the age of 17. The image has been shared widely on social media, with many people expressing hope that it will help generate new leads in the case. The release of the image has also sparked renewed interest in the case, with many media outlets reporting on the potential breakthrough. However, some have criticised the release of the image, arguing that it could cause unnecessary distress to Madeleine's family, who have already endured more than a decade of pain and uncertainty. Despite the controversy surrounding the release of the image, the Metropolitan Police has said that they are hopeful that it will lead to new information that will help them solve the case. They have urged anyone with any information, no matter how small or insignificant it may seem, to come forward and help them find out what happened to Madeleine. The case has highlighted the importance of modern technology in aiding police investigations. The advancements in forensic science since Madeleine went missing, particularly in the field of DNA analysis, will no doubt prove invaluable in the ongoing investigation. As the search for Madeleine McCann continues, the new image released by the Metropolitan Police serves as a stark reminder of the need to remain vigilant and never give up hope that one day the truth will be uncovered.