article: By . Jason Groves . 'Damaging': Jean-Claude Juncker, whose candidacy for president of the European Commission is being strongly challenged by David Cameron . David Cameron today warns Angela Merkel her controversial candidate to head the European Commission would be ‘deeply damaging’. In a hard-hitting article placed in leading European newspapers, the Prime  Minister makes public for the first time his opposition to arch-federalist Jean-Claude Juncker. The German Chancellor has openly backed Mr Juncker, who is the candidate of her party’s group in the European Parliament. But Mr Cameron says he has no legitimacy – and warns that his selection would be a slap in the face for millions who voted for Eurosceptic parties in last month’s European elections. He describes Mr Juncker’s claim to have a democratic mandate as ‘nonsense’, saying: ‘Nowhere was Mr Juncker on the ballot paper. ‘Even in Germany. . . only 15 per cent of voters even knew he was a candidate.’ Mr Cameron says Europe ‘must either change or accept further decline’, and needs ‘bold leadership – people ready to heed voters’ concerns’ rather than a federalist who wants greater integration. The high-profile intervention suggests Mr Cameron’s bid to persuade Berlin to drop its support for Mr Juncker has reached an impasse. It came as Downing Street indicated he is ready to use the Parliament Act to pass legislation requiring an in/out referendum on Europe by 2017. This would allow him to force changes through against the wishes of the House of Lords. The legislation, which ran out of time in the Lords this year, is to be reintroduced by former Tory minister Bob Neill. But with both Labour and Liberal Democrats opposed, it still faces major hurdles. Labour last night said it ‘does not support’ the legislation. However, using the Parliament Act means Labour MPs will have to actively vote it down, rather than abstaining, in order to stop it becoming law. Mr Cameron outside No 10 with Mrs Merkel, who has backed Mr Juncker as a candidate for Europe's top job . Today, Mr Cameron argues EU leaders, not the European Parliament, should choose the next Commission president. He accuses the Parliament of a ‘power grab’, adding: ‘To accept such a claim would be deeply damaging for Europe and would undermine, rather than strengthen, the EU’s democratic legitimacy.’ The European Parliament yesterday stepped up pressure on EU leaders to accept Mr Juncker. Socialists and the centre-Right EPP group, which includes Mrs Merkel’s party, said they would form a grand coalition to support the former Luxembourg prime minister. The Prime Minister’s article appeared in a range of papers, such as Suddeutsche Zeitung in Germany and the Irish Times. Downing Street officials were also trying to place it in half a dozen papers across Europe, including in Austria, France and Belgium.
highlights: PM makes warning in article placed in leading European papers today . He describes Jean-Claude Juncker's claim to a mandate as 'nonsense' Comes as advisers say PM is ready to pass law for Euro referendum by 2017 .
id: cde96377cbe0afccdfb34402cbc9ef75cd0b989b
chatgpt: In a bold move, the UK Prime Minister David Cameron has warned that claims made by European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker about having a wide-ranging mandate to dictate EU policies is "nonsense". The Prime Minister made this warning in an article that was placed in several leading European papers today. In the article, David Cameron threw down the gauntlet and accused the European Commission President of grossly overstepping his boundary. He contended that Mr. Juncker was the product of a back-room deal and not the result of an open and democratic process. And as a result, he has no mandate whatsoever to dictate EU policies. The prime minister pointed out the dangers of having an unelected and unaccountable individual set the direction for EU policies. The UK has always maintained that the EU should be reformed to become more democratic and accountable to the people. This warning from the Prime Minister comes on the heels of reports from his advisors that he is ready to pass a law for a referendum on the UK's membership in the EU by 2017. This move has created quite a stir in the EU, as many EU members are concerned that the UK may leave the EU altogether. The UK has long had an uneasy relationship with the EU, and many Britons feel that the EU is overly bureaucratic and unresponsive to the needs of member countries. The UK has been pushing for reforms in the EU that would make it more democratic and accountable, and the possibility of a referendum on the UK's membership is seen as a way to force these reforms.  The PM's advisors have been working behind the scenes to prepare for the possibility of a referendum, and it appears that the groundwork has been laid for such a move. The Prime Minister himself has been very vocal about the need for reform in the EU, and he has been working with other EU leaders to push for these reforms. Mr. Cameron's article is seen as a warning to the EU that the UK is serious about its desire for reform, and it is not afraid to take bold steps to achieve it. The UK is a key player in the EU, and its departure would be a significant loss for the EU. The EU, for its part, appears to be taking the UK's warning seriously. Leaders in the EU are reportedly discussing reforms that would address some of the concerns raised by the UK. Overall, the warning from the UK Prime Minister is a shot across the bow of the European Commission President, and a clear indication that the UK is serious about its desire for a more democratic and accountable EU. It remains to be seen how the EU will respond to this warning, but one thing is clear: the UK is not afraid to make bold moves to achieve its goals.