article: (CNN) -- European football's governing body, UEFA has revealed that 32 of its 54 member states have declared an interest in hosting matches at the 2020 European Championships. Traditionally, the tournament is hosted by one or two nations, but matches in 2020 will be shared between 13 cities across Europe. UEFA, who announced a change in format for the tournament's 60th anniversary last December, welcomed the enthusiastic response from the national football associations. "We are extremely proud to see the huge interest in the bidding process, with more than half of our member associations willing to host matches at UEFA EURO 2020," UEFA President Michel Platini said. "The finals will be a great celebration of football across the European continent, and the 60th anniversary edition will be truly special, by really coming to the doorstep of all football fans." Platini initially floated the idea following the 2012 championships hosted by Poland and Ukraine and a decision to change the format was agreed by UEFA's Executive Committee last December before being confirmed in January. The format, dubbed a "Euro for Europe," has attracted interest from reigning Euro champions, Spain and the other traditional powerhouses of European football -- Germany, France, Italy, Netherlands, Portugal, Greece and England. "UEFA's 'EURO for Europe' in 2020 promises to be a fitting way to recognise 60 years of the UEFA European Championship," said England Football Association secretary Alex Horne in a statement. "It would be great to see England playing in front of their home fans here in London as part of a EURO Finals tournament but many countries have also put themselves forward as hosts and we expect this to be a very competitive bidding process." Less illustrious footballing nations including Armenia, Israel, Kazakhstan and Wales have also thrown their hat into the ring. UEFA says all 32 associations can submit a maximum of two bids -- one which covers three group matches and one knockout round and another which will vie to host the semifinal and final. The closing date for bids is April 25 with UEFA's Executive Committee announcing the host cities on September 25 next year. The full list of countries and their proposed host cities is as follows: Armenia (Yerevan), Azerbaijan (Baku), Belarus (Minsk), Belgium (Brussels), Bulgaria (Sofia), Croatia (Zagreb), Czech Republic (Prague), Denmark (Copenhagen), England (London), Finland (Helsinki), France (Lyon), Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia (Skopje), Germany (Munich), Greece (Athens), Hungary (Budapest), Israel (Jerusalem), Italy (Rome, Milan), Kazakhstan (Astana), Netherlands (Amsterdam), Poland (Warsaw, Chorzow), Portugal (Lisbon, Porto), Republic of Ireland (Dublin), Romania (Bucharest), Russia (St Petersburg), Scotland (Glasgow), Serbia (Belgrade), Spain (Madrid, Barcelona, Bilbao, Valencia), Sweden (Solna), Switzerland (Basel), Turkey (Istanbul), Ukraine (Kyiv, Donetsk) and Wales (Cardiff).
highlights: European football's governing body reveals list of countries bidding to host 2020 finals . The 60th anniversary edition of the finals will be hosted by 13 countries . Thirty-two countries are considering bids to host 2020 matches . UEFA will announce host cities on September 25 .
id: 001d9259673bd2ffb613217d19b98ca3563874ac
chatgpt: The Union of European Football Associations (UEFA) has revealed the list of countries that have submitted bids to host the 2020 finals. The 60th anniversary edition of the UEFA European Football Championship will be hosted by 13 countries, which means it will be the first time in the history of the tournament that it will not be hosted by a single country. There are 32 countries that are considering bids to host the matches, and interestingly, some countries have submitted bids to host only one match. The tournament, which is scheduled to be held from June 12 to July 12, 2020, will feature 24 teams that will compete in a total of 51 matches. The games will be held in 13 different cities across Europe, with the semifinals and finals to be held at Wembley Stadium in London. The aim of spreading the tournament across the continent is to celebrate the 60th anniversary of the championship while also reducing the financial burden on host countries. The list of countries that have submitted bids to host matches includes Albania, Belarus, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Denmark, England, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Kazakhstan, Netherlands, North Macedonia, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Russia, Scotland, Serbia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Turkey, and Wales. These countries will be hoping to secure one of the 12 available match packages, which will comprise three group-stage matches and one knockout-round match in either the round of 16 or quarterfinals. UEFA has stated that they will announce the host cities on September 25, 2019, which means that the bidding countries will need to wait a little longer to find out if their bids have been successful. The announcement will be made at a special event in the Romanian capital of Bucharest, which will also see the unveiling of the tournament's official logo and branding. The UEFA President, Aleksander Čeferin, commented on the bidding process, stating that he was thrilled with the level of interest and that he believes it shows how much the tournament means to Europe. He also stated that he is confident that the spread of the tournament across the continent will make it more accessible to fans while also offering a unique and exciting experience.  The UEFA Executive Committee will be responsible for selecting the host cities, and they will take into account a range of factors, including infrastructure, stadiums, transportation, accommodation, and overall fan experience. The process is expected to be highly competitive, with many countries having invested heavily in their bids in order to make them as appealing as possible. Overall, the bidding process for the 2020 UEFA European Football Championship is shaping up to be one of the most exciting in the history of the tournament. With 32 countries vying for just 12 match packages, there is sure to be plenty of excitement and tension in the lead up to the September 25 announcement. Fans from across Europe will be eagerly watching to see which cities are selected to host matches and which countries will miss out on this historic opportunity.