article: By . Tom Worden . PUBLISHED: . 12:15 EST, 13 November 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 10:17 EST, 22 November 2012 . A 51-year-old British holidaymaker who allegedly started a fire at a Benidorm hotel is facing nine years in jail. Andrew Dmytruk, from Nottingham, started the blaze that left 13 guests in hospital after earlier setting fire to chairs, tables and a pub awning, prosecutors claimed. But Dmytruk's lawyer said he has the mental age of a seven-year-old, and campaign group Fair Trials International have taken up his case. Holiday horror story: Ambassador Hotel filled with black smoke after the fire and 13 guests were taken to hospital for smoke inhalation . The group's website says that Dmytruk 'has been heavily dependent on his 77-year-old mother throughout his adult life.' He had been celebrating his birthday on holiday with his widowed mother, Doris O'Brien, at the time of the incident. She says he is innocent and did not start the hotel fire. The three-star Ambassador hotel was evacuated after Dmytruk allegedly set fire to his room. The 10-storey, 200-room hotel filled with black smoke and 13 Brits, mostly pensioners, were taken to hospital suffering from smoke inhalation. Dymtruk has been on remand in Spain for  almost two years after he was arrested over the December 2010 fire. Trapped in Spain: Andrew Dmytruk allegedly started a blaze in his hotel room in Benidorm, pictured, on his birthday . Prosecutors said today that they would call for him to be jailed for nine years at his forthcoming trial. Doctors said he is fit to stand trial for arson, but Fair Trials International said: 'Owing to complications from meningitis that he suffered as a baby, Andrew has the mental age of a young child. 'He has been refusing much of the food . given to him and in March 2012 he attempted suicide, leaving him . increasingly withdrawn and his mother increasingly worried.' The group said Dmytuk has been denied bail largely because he is a foreigner. Benidorm, near Alicante on Spain's east . coast, attracts around a million Britons each year, making it one of our . favourite holiday destinations.
highlights: Andrew Dmytruk, 51, has been on remand in Spain for almost two years . He is accused of starting blaze that left 13 pensioners in hospital . Campaigners say he has learning difficulties and is dependent on his 77-year-old mother . He is withdrawn, refuses food and attempted suicide in March .
id: 32bf6021647d980c40325e886d1edd033ff63d08
chatgpt: Andrew Dmytruk, a 51-year-old man, has been on remand in Spain for almost two years after he was accused of starting a blaze that left 13 pensioners hospitalized. He has been in a difficult situation, as campaigners say he has learning difficulties and is dependent on his 77-year-old mother. Dmytruk has been described as withdrawn and has refused food. He even attempted suicide back in March. The fire broke out at a care home near Madrid, where Dmytruk had temporarily been living. The incident occurred in August 2019 and led to the death of a resident who was burnt to death on the terrace of the care home. Dmytruk was arrested and has been in custody since then. Campaigners for his release state that he did not have access to a lawyer or an interpreter for a long time. They also say that his rights have been violated, as he has not been given access to the necessary medical and psychological attention that he requires. Dmytruk's mother, who is his primary caregiver, says that her son cannot live without her as he suffers from various mental health issues. She has written to the Spanish authorities, pleading for his release due to his precarious health condition. The case around Dmytruk has gained attention in the media, with many people questioning whether he is capable of carrying out such a heinous act. The campaigners say that Dmytruk has no experience with criminal activity and has no motive for committing the alleged crime. Despite this, Spanish prosecutors are still insisting that he is the prime suspect and are pushing for him to be prosecuted for his alleged crimes. The family and campaigners' hope is that justice will be served soon and that Dmytruk will be given the help and support he needs. They hope that he can come back to the UK and be reunited with his family, where he can receive the proper medical and psychological support that he requires. For now, however, it seems that Dmytruk's fate is in the hands of the Spanish justice system.