article: By . Emma Reynolds . PUBLISHED: . 11:54 EST, 13 December 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 04:48 EST, 14 December 2012 . 'Two glasses': Sarah Ramoth, 41, told Harrogate Magistrates Court she was over the limit because she hadn't known her mulled wine had spirits in it . A chemistry teacher who was almost three times the . drink-drive limit today blamed two glasses of mulled wine and mouthwash for her high reading. Sarah Ramoth, 41, head of chemistry at . upmarket independent school Harrogate Ladies' College, told the . court that her mulled wine had turned out to have spirits in it. Ms Ramoth, of Wakefield, West Yorkshire, also blamed the failed breath-test on accidentally swallowing mouthwash. The teacher, who works at the boarding school where ex-Emmerdale actress Claire King was a pupil, will find out her fate in February, after reports have been compiled regarding her 'scientific' arguments. During a brief hearing at Harrogate Magistrates Court today, her lawyer Ben Campbell said: 'The first argument is that this . defendant was not aware of the content of that which she had drunk.' When pressed by magistrates for more detail, Mr Campbell added: 'She had drunk alcohol, less than two glasses of mulled wine. 'Plainly the reading given later on the fact of it appears inconsistent with that. 'It is understood, in fact, that what she drank was a mulled drink that she thought was red wine. 'She now understands it also contained other alcoholic substances by way of spirits. 'The other issue subject to medical reports or an expert report is that . this defendant had not only used mouthwash to clear her mouth but had . accidentally swallowed some. Investigation called: The head of chemistry at upmarket independent school Harrogate Ladies' College, pictured, also blaming her reading on accidentally swallowing mouthwash . 'Therefore we will ask for an investigation into the effect that may have had on the reading that she subsequently gave.' Martin Townend, prosecuting, told the court that just before 11pm on . December 7, Ramoth was seen in her vehicle on the hard shoulder of the busy . A1(M), driving from Harrogate to Wakefield. When police approached her car, they could smell alcohol and arrested . her. A breathalyser test at the police station gave a reading of . 96mcgs of alcohol per 100mls of breath, where the legal limit is 35. Magistrates adjourned the case until February next year. Sorry we are unable to accept comments for legal reasons.
highlights: Sarah Ramoth, 41, also blamed failed breath test on accidentally swallowing mouthwash . The head of chemistry is now having a report compiled on her claims .
id: 298834fc8a2beee5f272c7897786f5ea7b042a76
chatgpt: In a stunning turn of events, Sarah Ramoth, 41, has blamed failed breath test on accidentally swallowing mouthwash. The head of chemistry is now having a report compiled on her claims. According to sources, Ramoth was pulled over for a routine traffic stop and subsequently failed a breathalyzer test. When asked about her level of intoxication, Ramoth immediately brought up the fact that she had recently used mouthwash and may have accidentally swallowed some of it. While many may dismiss this as an excuse, the head of chemistry at Ramoth's workplace is taking these claims seriously. A report is currently being compiled to determine whether or not mouthwash could actually have caused Ramoth to fail the breathalyzer test. Some experts say that it is possible for mouthwash to cause a false positive on a breathalyzer test. This is because many mouthwashes contain alcohol, which can be absorbed by the body and lead to an elevated blood alcohol content (BAC) level. However, not everyone is convinced that Ramoth's story holds water. Some say that the amount of alcohol in mouthwash is not enough to cause a false positive on a breathalyzer test. Regardless of the truth of Ramoth's claims, this incident raises important questions about the accuracy of breathalyzer tests. If a common household item like mouthwash can cause a false positive, what other factors could be leading to inaccurate readings? Some experts suggest that breathalyzer tests may not always be the most reliable measure of intoxication. Instead, they argue that other methods such as blood tests may be more accurate and less prone to false positives. In the meantime, Ramoth's case is being closely monitored by her employer and by legal experts. If it is determined that her failed breathalyzer test was indeed caused by mouthwash, it could have far-reaching implications for others who have faced similar charges. For now, Ramoth maintains that her failed breathalyzer test was simply the result of an innocent mistake. Whether or not this is true remains to be seen, but one thing is certain: this incident has sparked an important conversation about the accuracy of breathalyzer tests and the factors that can influence their readings.