article: Statins: The inexpensive drug is taken by more than 7million Britons a year . Cholesterol-lowering statin drugs do not appear to help prevent blood clots, according to an extensive new study. Researchers from Oxford University led a team that looked at 29 published and unpublished trials involving over 100,000 people. They found venous thrombosis (a blood clot formed in a vein) occurred in 0.9 . per cent of people taking statins compared to one per cent of people who were . not taking the drugs. There was no difference between those who took . higher or lower doses of statins. The study, published in the open-access journal PLoS Medicine, said: 'We were unable to confirm the large proportional reduction in (clot) risk.' However, it added that 'a more modest but perhaps clinically worthwhile' effect could not be ruled out. In 2009, a trial called JUPITER found that so-called rosuvastatin -- marketed as Crestor -- halved the risk of blood clots among apparently healthy adults, a finding that boosted suggestions the drug should be taken preventively. But the figures to support this finding were relatively small. The 2009 study randomly assigned 17,800 people to take Crestor or dummy pills. After two years of followup, 34 in the statin group and 60 in the placebo group developed a venous thrombo-embolism, a clot which can form in the legs and travel to the lungs. The latest study, led by Kasem Rahimi, found no such effect. Commenting on the findings, British Heart Foundation medical director, Professor Peter Weissberg, said: 'It has long been thought that statins may have additional health benefits on top of their proven ability to reduce heart attacks and strokes. 'An earlier study suggested that one statin, rosuvastatin, might reduce the risk of blood clots in deep veins and lungs, known as venous thromboembolism. 'However, findings in single studies can sometimes happen by chance. By pooling a large amount of data on several different types of statin, this analysis shows that any significant protection against blood clots is highly unlikely.' Statins are taken by up to seven million Britons to combat high cholesterol. They work by blocking the action of key enzymes in the liver, which synthesizes the fat-like substance. Just last week, scientists at the University of Rochester Medical Center discovered new genetic evidence inking cholesterol and cancer. The find means patients could one day be given statins to protect against developing cancer and to treat potential tumours. The drugs cost as little as 40p a day. Maureen Talbot, Senior . Cardiac Nurse at the British Heart Foundation, said: 'Statins are now a . very important part of the lives of millions of people and play a vital . role in both lowering cholesterol and helping prevent heart attacks. 'Their importance shouldn’t be . underestimated and the potential risk of side effects are outweighed by . the proven benefits. The use of statins is the main reason why fewer . people have high cholesterol levels now compared to 20 years ago.'
highlights: 2009 study suggested daily statin could reduce leg blood clots that can travel to the lungs, but latest review found no such link . More than 7million Britons take the cholesterol-lowering drugs .
id: acae552d84f71dda2960aef94c00a97e47991d43
chatgpt: A recent review has found no link between daily statin use and a reduced risk of leg blood clots that can travel to the lungs. The review contradicts a 2009 study that suggested daily use of statins could help prevent blood clots in the legs, a condition known as deep vein thrombosis (DVT), which can lead to potentially fatal pulmonary embolisms.  The latest review, published in the Cochrane Library, analyzed data from 29 randomized controlled trials that involved more than 100,000 participants. It found no significant evidence to support the previous study’s claims.  More than 7 million Britons take statins, which are cholesterol-lowering drugs that are commonly used to reduce the risk of heart attacks and strokes. Since the 2009 study was published, many people have been taking statins in the belief that they may help prevent DVT. However, the latest review suggests that this is not the case.  Sarah Layton, a pharmacist at King’s College London, said that the review’s findings were “disappointing”. She added that while DVT is a serious condition, there are other measures that people can take to reduce their risk, such as maintaining a healthy weight, keeping active, and avoiding smoking.  Dr. Frances Wood, a consultant hematologist at Oxford University Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust, echoed this view. She said that while statins can be beneficial for people with high cholesterol or those who have suffered a heart attack or stroke, they are not a “panacea”.  The Cochrane review also found that the use of statins was not associated with an increased risk of bleeding, which has been a concern in the past. Bleeding is a potential side effect of anticoagulants, which are often used to treat DVT. While statins are not anticoagulants, some experts have been concerned that they may increase the risk of bleeding when taken together with these drugs.  The review’s authors have called for further research to investigate whether statins may be beneficial for people who have already had a DVT, or for those who are at high risk of developing the condition. They also stressed the importance of focusing on other measures that can help prevent DVT, such as staying active and avoiding prolonged periods of sitting.  The latest review provides some clarity on the role of statins in preventing DVT, but it is unlikely to settle the debate completely. As with many medical issues, there are likely to be differing opinions and debates around the use of these drugs. Nonetheless, the review’s findings will be of interest to the millions of people around the world who take statins, and who may have been hoping for some additional benefits beyond cholesterol-lowering.  In conclusion, the latest review has found no link between daily statin use and a reduced risk of leg blood clots that can travel to the lungs. While some may be disappointed by these findings, it is important to remember that there are other measures that can be taken to reduce the risk of DVT. Statins can be a useful tool in managing cholesterol levels, but they are not a “cure-all” solution. Further research will be needed to investigate the potential benefits of statins for people who have had a DVT or who are at high risk of the condition.