article: MILAN, Italy (Reuters) -- A new theory that Leonardo's "Last Supper" might hide within it a depiction of Christ blessing the bread and wine has triggered so much interest that Web sites connected to the picture have crashed. Speculation over hidden meaning in Leonardo da Vinci's famous fresco has crashed several Web sites. The famous fresco is already the focus of mythical speculation after author Dan Brown based his "The Da Vinci Code" book around the painting, arguing in the novel that Jesus married his follower, Mary Magdelene, and fathered a child. Now Slavisa Pesci, an information technologist and amateur scholar, says superimposing the "Last Supper" with its mirror-image throws up another picture containing a figure who looks like a Templar knight and another holding a small baby. "I came across it by accident, from some of the details you can infer that we are not talking about chance but about a precise calculation," Pesci told journalists when he unveiled the theory earlier this week. Websites www.leonardodavinci.tv, www.codicedavinci.tv, www.cenacolo.biz and www.leonardo2007.com had 15 million hits on Thursday morning alone, organizers said, adding they were trying to provide a more powerful server for the sites. In the superimposed version, a figure on Christ's left appears to be cradling a baby in its arms, Pesci said, but he made no suggestion this could be Christ's child. Judas, whose imminent betrayal of Christ is the force breaking the right-hand line of the original fresco, appears in an empty space on the left in the reverse image version. And Pesci also suggests that the superimposed version shows a goblet before Christ and illustrates when Christ blessed bread and wine at a supper with his disciples for the first Eucharist. The original Da Vinci depicts Christ when he predicts that one among them will betray him. E-mail to a friend . Copyright 2007 Reuters. All rights reserved.This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
highlights: Theory says Leonardo's "Last Supper" might hide depiction of Christ . Mounting interest in theory has crashed Web sites connected to the picture . New image is produced by superimposing mirror image over original .
id: e594ed5cca76e5ecc40103da5b01b5550da41c34
chatgpt: The "Last Supper" by Leonardo da Vinci is one of the most famous and highly regarded paintings in the world. The painting depicts the scene of Jesus' final meal with his disciples before his crucifixion. However, in recent years, a growing number of people have become interested in a theory that suggests the painting may contain a hidden depiction of Christ. This theory has generated so much interest that it has caused a number of websites related to the painting to crash. Supporters of the theory believe that by superimposing a mirror image of the painting over the original, a figure resembling Christ can be seen. The image is said to show a large, muscular man with a halo around his head. Despite the growing interest in this theory, there are many experts who remain skeptical. Some experts point out that the painting has been thoroughly examined by art historians and conservators using a range of scientific techniques. They argue that if there was a hidden image, it would have been discovered by now. Others point to the fact that the painting has undergone significant changes over the centuries. The "Last Supper" was painted on a wall in a monastery in Milan, and as such, it was subject to deterioration caused by humidity, temperature changes and other environmental factors. The painting was also damaged during World War II when a bomb hit the monastery. Despite these objections, supporters of the theory remain undeterred. They argue that the painting is a masterpiece of symbolism, and that it is possible that Leonardo included this hidden image as a way of conveying a deeper message. They also point out that Leonardo himself was known for his interest in symbolism and hidden messages. For now, the debate over whether the "Last Supper" contains a hidden depiction of Christ will likely continue. While some will dismiss the theory as fanciful, others will continue to search for hidden meanings in this beloved work of art.