article: Manuel Pellegrini's decision to play David Silva in a relatively meaningless Capital One Cup tie continues to haunt him as the Manchester City playmaker is still unable to kick a football because of knee trouble. Silva hurt his knee in the 2-1 defeat at home to Newcastle at the end of last month and has been unable to help City as they have continued to struggle in the Barclays Premier League and the Champions League. Now City manager Pellegrini has revealed the Spaniard will miss the league visit of Swansea and the midweek visit of Bayern Munich in the Champions League. Manchester City playmaker David Silva has been ruled out of the games against Swansea and Bayern Munich . Silva has not played since injuring his knee in a Capital One Cup clash with Newcastle in October . He said: ‘We don’t know when he will be back because David still feels some pain in his knee, so he’s not able to kick the ball. We’ll see if next week he can be ready at the end of the week. It will depend on the way he improves in the next few days. ‘He still feels a little pain, but not very hard so I hope in the next week we have good news about David.’ City have won only one of their last six games and face tough Premier League away trips to Southampton and Sunderland after the visit of Bayern on Tuesday. Manuel Pellegrini admits that the Spain international is still unable to kick a ball . Sergio Aguero scores top rescue a draw against QPR, with Pellegrini insisting they must go on a winning run . Pellegrini admitted his team must now go on a winning run.He added: ‘It’s very important because December is the crucial month to try to win the most amount of points. ‘We need to play eight games and the 24 points that we’re going to play for now [in November and December] are very crucial to try to be as near to the top of the table as we can. ‘We are playing in the same way as always, that’s why I trust absolutely in the performance. ‘We are going to be the strong team that we were last season. We are not so bad as everyone says.’
highlights: David Silva has not recovered from knee injury picked up in a Capital One Cup tie against Newcastle in October . Manuel Pellegrini has ruled the Spain international out of the game against Swansea and a Champions League clash with Bayern Munich . The Premier League champions' manager has urged his side to go on a winning streak .
id: 9890c745414b852952cc788d8915b19097775d3a
chatgpt: Manchester City manager Manuel Pellegrini has confirmed that midfielder David Silva will be absent from the team in their upcoming matches against Swansea and Bayern Munich. Silva, who suffered a knee injury in a Capital One Cup tie against Newcastle in October, has not fully recovered and will not be risked by the club. Pellegrini is keen to see his team hit a winning streak soon as they aim to bounce back from a disappointing start to their Premier League campaign. The Chilean believes his team can still challenge for the title despite being six points behind leaders Liverpool. Speaking to reporters ahead of their clash with Swansea, Pellegrini stated: "David Silva is not able to play. We'll see next week how he is. For the next two games, he won't be available". The latest injury setback is a massive blow for Silva, who has been an integral part of the City midfield over the years. With the Spaniard being ruled out of contention for the time being, Pellegrini will hope that his other midfield stars step up and fill the void. City have had a turbulent season so far, having already been knocked out of the Capital One Cup and currently sitting outside of the top four in the Premier League. However, Pellegrini remains confident that his squad have the quality and resilience to turn things around. He added, "We need to go game by game, try to do our best and see what happens at the end of the season. It's important to be focused on our next match against Swansea and try to get three points to start a winning run." City will also face Bayern Munich in their upcoming Champions League fixture, with Pellegrini admitting that it will be a tough encounter for his squad. However, he suggested his team will be fully prepared for such a challenging match. "We know how difficult it is to play against Bayern Munich. But we have time to prepare and we'll see which team we must use to improve in the Champions League," he said. With Silva's absence confirmed, City will look to other attacking players such as Raheem Sterling, Kevin De Bruyne, and Sergio Aguero to inspire them to victory against Swansea and in their encounters with Bayern Munich.