article: Sarah Jessica Parker took her eponymous shoe line to a familiar location this week: the New York City townhouse that Sex and the City fans will recognize as Carrie Bradshaw's longtime home. Carrie's stoop, located on Perry St in the West Village, served as a backdrop for a photo shoot with Ms Parker's 'Carrie' shoe, displayed in various colors. The 49-year-old shared a few Instagram snaps of the special occasion. Scroll down for video . Carried away: Sarah Jessica Parker took her shoe line to the New York City townhouse that was featured as Carrie Bradshaw's home on Sex and the City . 'It was take your @sjpcollection shoes to work day. #longdayforCarrie #whewwwwthosesteps #runninginheels #taxi!' she captioned the first image, which shows her sitting on the stoop arranging the pumps while sporting a black wide-brimmed hat and cuffed jeans. 'That's a wrap ladies,' she wrote alongside a second photo of the footwear on the steps to the residence, which is actually in Manhattan's West Village though Carrie was said to live on the Upper East Side. She posted a third picture of the shoes, lined up neatly in a row, writing: 'Oh no. Eek. Sorry. No. I was just talking about the shoes. Oh man. Geesh. Sorry. X Sj' Pumped up: The 49-year-old shared a few Instagram snaps of her 'Carrie' shoe displayed on the famous steps . Fancy footwear: Ms Parker launched her first SJP shoe collection exclusively at Nordstrom in February, releasing her second one in August . The actress seemed to be clarifying that her first post was not referring to work on a third Sex and the City movie, which is rumored to be in the works. When asked about the possibility of a third film installment, Jennifer Hudson - who appeared in the first SATC movie in 2008 - recently told Dish Nation: 'I think it might be [happening]. Somebody just came to me talking about that. So if it’s in the talks, it might happen. So look for it.' Ms Parker added to the fan frenzy when she hinted that a third project is underway in a Twitter exchange with Kristin Davis earlier this week. Home, sweet home: The West Village brownstone was shown as Carrie's longtime residence on Sex and the City, though her character was said to live on Manhattan's Upper East Side . Working it: Sarah Jessica Parker is seen here in August at a Nordstrom event in Houston, Texas, wearing her 'Gina' design . Ms Parker launched her first SJP shoe collection exclusively at Nordstrom in February, releasing her second one in August. The line was developed with the help of Manolo Blahnik CEO George Malkemus. 'It’s unlike any other collaboration I’ve ever been a part of. It’s crazy, crazy simple in a way because we have lots and lots of ideas, our points of references are really similar. We didn’t realize but we have a short hand that’s really fun,' she told The Washingtonian.
highlights: The 49-year-old actress posted photos of her 'Carrie' shoe, from the SJP line she launched earlier this year, on Instagram .
id: 40870c7f70f3be99210407ffbb93e4a11ec31c43
chatgpt: Sarah Jessica Parker, a well-known actress, recently took to Instagram to share her excitement over her new product line, SJP. The 49-year-old actress posted photos of her 'Carrie' shoe, which belongs to her SJP line that she launched earlier this year, on Instagram. The 'Sex and the City' actress shared the photos with her fans, talking about the detailing that goes into the creation of each shoe.  In the pictures, Parker can be seen wearing her signature 'Carrie' pump, which is inspired by her character from the show, 'Sex and the City'. The shoe features a pointed toe, an ultra-thin 4 inch heel, and is constructed from high-quality Italian leather. In addition to its stylish design, the 'Carrie' pump is also functional, with a patented slip-resistant sole.  The 'Sex and the City' actress has been involved in the fashion industry for many years, having worked with designers such as Manolo Blahnik, and Alexander McQueen. However, Parker's ventures into the industry seem to be hitting new heights, as her SJP line of products has been very well-received by consumers since its launch. It features a diverse range of products including shoes, handbags, and accessories, all of which feature Parker's personal sense of style. Parker's dedication to her brand has earned her praise from many in the fashion industry, who commend her for her attention to detail, passion and drive. Despite her busy schedule as an actress, Parker has been able to balance her Hollywood career with her fashion projects, demonstrating her commitment to producing high-quality products that appeal to women of all ages. The 'Carrie' shoe is not the only exciting product in Parker's SJP line. The actress has previously revealed that she is working on developing a line of beauty products to complement her shoe range. In an interview with Harper's Bazaar, Parker revealed that her beauty line will also feature her signature scent, "Lovely". Fans of Parker's work will be happy to know that they can now purchase items from her SJP line online or in-store. The line has been praised for its affordability, with many items retailing for less than $100. However, with Parker's reputation for quality and attention to detail, customers can expect to receive products that are both stylish and durable. In conclusion, the 49-year-old actress, Sarah Jessica Parker, has taken the fashion industry by storm with her SJP product line. Her 'Carrie' shoe, inspired by her famous character in 'Sex and the City', has received widespread attention and has become a must-have item for fashion-forward women. With a diverse range of products and a keen eye for detail, Parker is set to continue making waves in the fashion industry for years to come.