article: Robin van Persie returns to Premier League action on Monday amid accusations that a bust-up with international strike partner Klaas-Jan Huntelaar could cost Holland a place at Euro 2016. That’s the view of former Dutch captain Ruud Gullit, who saw Van Persie and Huntelaar screaming at each other during the 3-1 qualifying win over Kazakhstan, Holland’s sole win so far between defeats by Czech Republic and Iceland. The two frontmen have rarely got on and no longer speak to each other. But Gullit is convinced Van Persie, who has been labelled a troublemaker before, will not cause problems for Louis van Gaal at United, who take on West Brom on Monday. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Robin van persie laments sloppy Holland performance v Iceland . Robin van Persie (above) and Klaas-Jan Huntelaar (below) were screaming at each other playing for Holland . That is according to Ruud Gullit, who says the bust-up could mean they don't make Euro 2016 . Van Gaal, who guided Holland to third place at last summer’s World Cup, made it clear to Huntelaar in Brazil that Van Persie was his first-choice striker and Gullit said: ‘Louis van Gaal got everyone quiet again and made the team work for Van Persie. All he wanted was other players to serve the right balls to Van Persie. 'With the help of Arjen Robben, who was brilliant, Holland got to third in the World Cup. But the problems have far from disappeared. Against Kazakhstan, Huntelaar was mouthing off again and the old confrontation with Van Persie came back to the surface.’ United fans must be praying that Van Persie’s Dutch feuds are forgotten now he has returned to his club and former national boss. There were rumours last season that Van Persie and David Moyes, Van Gaal’s predecessor, had a bust-up over the Scot’s training regime. After Moyes was sacked he made a point of thanking the United staff but not the players, who he felt let him down. Holland were beaten 2-0 by Iceland in their qualification campaign last week . Louis van Gaal built a team around Van Persie, somewhat neglecting Huntelaar . Van Gaal, meanwhile, has warned injured and suspended players they face a fight to win their places back. United beat Everton 2-1 before the international break without 10 players, including Michael Carrick, Phil Jones and Wayne Rooney. Some are available to return against West Brom, though Rooney is still serving a three-match ban, but Van Gaal warned: ‘Nobody is walking back in my team, believe me. You have to earn it on the training ground. Every player knows that.’
highlights: Ruud Gullit claims Robin van Persie and Klaas-Jan Huntelaar were screaming each other during qualifying win against Kazakhstan . Holland have lost two out of their three Euro 2016 qualifying fixtures . Gullit says Louis van Gaal used to build the team around Van Persie .
id: b68b9f3e483e21327b27fe7c716ae352fab2fab1
chatgpt: Former Dutch footballer Ruud Gullit has claimed that Robin van Persie and Klaas-Jan Huntelaar were seen shouting at each other during Holland's recent 2016 UEFA European Championship qualifier against Kazakhstan. Despite scoring twice in the game, Huntelaar was seen remonstrating with Van Persie who failed to find the back of the net. Holland had a hard time against Kazakhstan, who are ranked 155th in the world, but eventually prevailed 3-1 in the end. The win came as a relief to Dutch fans, as Holland had lost two out of their three Euro 2016 qualifying fixtures. The Dutch are currently fourth in Group A and in danger of missing the tournament. Gullit, who is currently a pundit and commentator, has said that the altercation between Huntelaar and Van Persie could be a sign of problems within the squad. Gullit also spoke about how Louis van Gaal, who was the manager of Holland during the 2014 World Cup, used to build the team around Van Persie. "Van Persie was the key player in the team that reached the semi-final of the 2014 World Cup. But he is no longer the same player and also the team is different," said Gullit. "The problem is that they do not have a replacement for Van Persie as the main striker." Gullit also criticized the Dutch defense, which has been shaky throughout the qualifying campaign. He said that the current Dutch team is a far cry from the one that reached the final of the 2010 World Cup. "The Dutch team that reached the final in 2010 had a solid defense and a strong midfield. They were able to control games and score goals," said Gullit. "But this team lacks that same solidity and creativity." The Dutch team will need to improve if they are to qualify for Euro 2016. They have three remaining qualifying fixtures against Iceland, Turkey, and the Czech Republic. The game against Iceland, who are currently top of Group A, will be crucial for Holland's chances of qualifying. Manager Guus Hiddink will need to find a way to get the best out of his players, especially his strikers. If Holland are to have any chance of qualifying for Euro 2016, they will need to get their act together and start winning games convincingly. The Dutch fans will be hoping that Gullit's comments are not a sign of things to come and that the team will be able to turn things around and qualify for the tournament next year.