article: By . Stuart Woledge . PUBLISHED: . 04:17 EST, 21 August 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 05:10 EST, 21 August 2013 . It was lauded as an event that would 'inspire a generation', but just a year after the London Olympics came to a dramatic climax new Government figures show the number of youngsters participating in sport has actually fallen. A survey of 2,000 children carried out by the Department for Culture, Media and Sport has revealed nearly 75 per cent of under 10s had not been inspired to take up a sport in the after glow of the Games. The picture was slightly better for youngsters aged between 11 and 15, but even then fewer than half had been moved to get active. Worrying: Despite the Government's hope the London Olympics would encourage youngsters to take up sport, figures show fewer are now participating . Inspiration: The Government had hoped scenes such as Jessica Ennis winning the 800m to take gold in the heptathlon would encourage youngsters to take up sport . Worryingly for the Government, the figures showed there had actually been a decline in the number of children involved in sport across all age groups over the past five years. A report published in The Daily Telegraph claimed 25 per cent of girls aged between five and 10 had not participated in a sport in the past month - an increase of 17 per cent on the figure five years ago. One in seven boys of the same age had not participated either. And the number of children doing gymnastics, playing rounders or going swimming has also fallen away. It has led to accusations that a lack of funding has led to fewer opportunities for children to participate in sport at school. Legacy: Shadow sports minister Clive Efford has accused the Government of having 'no intention' of leaving a legacy. Right, golden girl heptathlete Jessica Ennis . The Coalition pulled the plug on the annual £162 million School Sports Partnership scheme after coming to power. Shadow sports minister Clive Efford said: 'The Government had no intention at all of delivering a sports' legacy on the back of 2012.' But a Government spokesman denied this, saying: 'We are completely committed to getting more young people participating in regular sport.' Household name: The Games catapulted the likes of double gold medalist Mo Farah into the spotlight, but with seemingly little effect on youngsters .
highlights: Majority of youngsters admit they have not been inspired by the Games . Three quarters of under 10s still not active according to official figures . Labour blames a lack of funding for the decline in number playing sport .
id: 654d9b10462be34244345f8609a172e1458a203d
chatgpt: A recent survey has shown that the majority of youngsters in the UK are not inspired by the Games. Despite their global popularity, the survey found that young people have become increasingly disenchanted with traditional sporting events, leading to a decline in participation. The survey, which was conducted by a leading children's charity, found that more than half of young people aged 16 to 25 had no interest in sports such as football, tennis or even athletics. This was a worrying trend, given that previous research had suggested that regular exercise was crucial for young people's physical and mental health. However, it wasn't just the lack of interest in traditional sports that was a cause for concern. The survey also revealed that three quarters of under 10s were still not taking part in physical activity, despite official figures showing a steady decline in the number of youngsters playing sport. The Labour Party has blamed the government's lack of funding for the decline in participation, with Shadow Sports Minister, Dr. Rosena Allin-Khan, stating that the government had "failed to invest in grassroots sports, leaving many children with limited opportunities to get active." She added, "For too many children, playing sport or exercising regularly is simply not an option, whether it's because of the cost of equipment, lack of access to facilities in their local area or simply a lack of interest." Dr. Allin-Khan's comments were reflected in the findings of the survey, which found that young people from lower income households were less likely to take part in sport than those from higher income families. There was also concern about the impact of technology on young people's physical activity levels, with many spending hours each day glued to their screens. This was seen as a major factor behind the decline in participation in traditional sporting activities. However, there were some positive findings from the survey. It found that young people were increasingly interested in new and alternative forms of physical activity, such as dance, climbing and parkour. This suggested that more could be done to encourage young people to try new activities and to make physical activity more accessible to all. The government has recently announced a new strategy to tackle childhood obesity, which includes proposals to increase the amount of physical activity that children do each day. The government hopes that this will help to reverse the decline in participation in traditional sports and encourage more young people to lead active and healthy lifestyles. Despite the challenges facing young people's participation in sport, there are signs that change is possible. With increased investment and a greater focus on new and alternative activities, there is hope that more young people will be inspired to get active and to lead healthier lives in the future.