article: A BBC war reporter made a shocking blunder by tweeting a photograph of an injured child from Syria but indicating she was from Gaza. Gaza correspondent Jon Donnison added 'Heartbreaking' to the front of a message he retweeted from a Palestinian 'journalist and social activist' named Hazem Balousha. Balousha had posted a picture of a young girl lying on a hospital bed with bloodied clothes, along with the words 'Pain in #Gaza'. Blunder: This tweet from Jon Donnison caused outrage because the girl pictured was from Syria but it was implied she came from Gaza . Donnison's tweet went out to his 7,971 followers on the social networking site and he was soon hit with a barrage of outraged responses highlighting the mistake. The website bbcwatch.org highlighted the error and wrote: 'Up to now, it may have been possible to put down Jon Donnison’s frequently problematic reporting to a lack of knowledge and understanding of the region. 'However, his decision to promote deliberate misinformation – either knowingly or as a result of a complete failure to check facts – indicates that he is not merely naive. 'Donnison has rendered himself no longer fit for the purpose of accurate and impartial reporting from the Middle East in accordance with the BBC’s legal obligations.' Retraction: Donnison apologised for the mistake by tweeting this message . Donnison apologised for the gaffe, . tweeting: 'A photo I retweeted from another journo showing children . injured was not in Gaza as I said but apparently from Syria. Apologies.' A BBC News spokesperson . said: 'Jon Donnison retweeted the photograph in good faith. He issued a . correction and apologised as soon as he learned that the picture was not . from Gaza.' This is the latest in a string of embarrassing incidents for the BBC, in which the most high-profile has been the Lord McAlpine Newsnight scandal. But Chris Doyle, director of the Council for . Arab-British understanding, replied to the apology by saying that it . was also good to highlight the distress caused in Syria by the . conflict. Devastation: Palestinian children stand in the rubble left after an Israeli strike on a house in Gaza City on Tuesday . Violence continued in the region with six men accused of being 'Israeli spies' dragged through the streets of Gaza City and executed before a chanting mob. Witnesses said the six were taken to an intersection in the north of the city where they were summarily shot for providing intelligence that helped Israel pinpoint key figures in Hamas and the Islamic Jihad targeted by their warplanes. The names of the men are said to have been scrawled on the road after they had been questioned by Hamas security officials about who provided the 'human intelligence' necessary to pinpoint targets for 'precision' attacks that have 118 Palestinians - half civilians, including women and children, dead - in seven days of military operations. Disorder: Palestinian gunmen ride motorcycles as they drag the body of a man, who was suspected of working for Israel, through Gaza City .
highlights: Correspondent Jon Donnison's tweet implied injured girl was from Gaza . Apologised for the error after it was picked up on by other Twitter users .
id: 61296d0440a23219efdba2994ff97a03a2ad2244
chatgpt: In the midst of the ongoing conflict between Israel and Palestinian territories, a Twitter error by a correspondent has sparked controversy and backlash. Jon Donnison, a journalist for BBC News, tweeted on Monday about a young girl who was injured in the fighting between Israel and Gaza. His tweet suggested that the girl was from Gaza, which was later found to be inaccurate. When other Twitter users pointed out the mistake, Donnison quickly apologized for the error. "I got it wrong," he tweeted. "The little girl was from Beersheba not Gaza. Apologies." The mistake, however, did not go unnoticed. Several pro-Israel Twitter accounts began calling out Donnison for his error, accusing him of spreading false information and supporting Palestinian propaganda. Others defended Donnison and pointed out that mistakes happen in reporting and that he quickly corrected himself. The incident highlighted the tension and controversy surrounding the conflict in the region. Both Israel and Palestine have accused each other of using social media to spread propaganda and false information. Twitter has become a battleground for supporters on both sides, with news articles and images shared by people on both sides of the conflict. Many media outlets have been criticized for their coverage of the conflict, with accusations of bias and misinformation spreading. At the heart of the controversy is the question of how to accurately report on a conflict that is ongoing and complex. For journalists like Donnison, the pressure to be the first to report on breaking news can often lead to mistakes. In a statement, the BBC defended Donnison's reporting and stated that he had corrected his mistake as soon as he became aware of it. "The BBC is committed to impartial and accurate reporting from the Middle East and elsewhere," the statement read. "We take any suggestion of bias or inaccuracy seriously, and will continue to monitor our reporting of the ongoing conflict." Despite the error, Donnison's reporting has been praised by many for its accuracy and thoroughness. He has continued to provide updates on the conflict, and his reporting has been widely shared and retweeted. The incident serves as a reminder of the responsibility that journalists have in reporting the news, particularly in a conflict as complex and ongoing as the one in the Middle East. As tensions continue to escalate and violence persists, accurate reporting and balanced coverage become all the more important. It is up to journalists and news organizations to rise to the challenge and provide the public with accurate and impartial information.