article: The son of boxing champ Evander Holyfield seems to be following in his father's athletic footsteps. Elijah Holyfield, a junior at Woodward Academy in College Park, Georgia, has just fielded an offer to play college football for the University of Oregon Ducks. That's not all either, as Yahoo Sports reports the running back has also received recruitment letters from Arkansas, Boston College, Cal, Duke, Georgia, Louisville, Michigan, Michigan State, Ohio State, Ole Miss and Wisconsin, to name just a few. Scroll down for video . Athletic genes: Elijah Holyfield (above during a visit to Ohio State) has been recruited to play college football for over 20 major universities . Famous dad: Elijah (second from right) is the son of boxing champ Evander Holyfield (third from left, pictured with his children) In fact, the young Holyfield is so good, he has been ranked as the No. 137 recruit in the country by ESPN. Overall, 22 different colleges have extended offers to the 17-year-old. 'Oregon Just offered #GoDucks!' Elijah wrote on Twitter yesterday. Elijah, Evander's only child with ex-wife Dr. Janice Itson, is also a state champion in track. And not only is Evander proud of his son, he also seems to think he will be a better athlete than he ever was. '[My dad] was saying how different it was for me and him,' Elijah told The Oregonian. 'He was picking up, as far as people knowing him, at a later age. At a younger age, he didn't have a lot of money and was a small kid and wasn't that popular. He was saying how different it is for (me), because I'm so young and all the people on me, talking to me all the time – because of him, because of me playing football. He just said to keep a cool head and just remember the main focus.' Multitalented: Elijah (far right) is also a track star, as his 4 x 100 relay team (above) placed sixth at the Georgia state championship last year . Painful memories: Evander (right) will long be remembered as the only 4-time World Heavyweight Champion, and for having fellow boxer Mike Tyson (left) bite his ear during a fight . Evander made millions over the course of his career, and is still the only 4-time World Heavyweight Champion in the history of boxing. Despite his huge success, he is perhaps best known to many for an incident in 1996 when fellow boxer Mike Tyson bit off part of his ear during his match. As for his son, Elijah says he is excited to visit Oregon later this year, but has made no choice yet on what college he might attend. 'They are always good and looked good against Michigan State this year,' Elijah said of the Ducks. 'I love the way they run the ball. That's the main thing I'm concerned with.'
highlights: Elijah Holyfield, the son of boxing champ Evander Holyfield, has received an offer to play for the University of Oregon Ducks . The high school junior has also fielded offers from over 20 other universities, including Boston College and Michigan . The running back ranked as the No.137 recruit in the country by ESPN .
id: ee44f8ed179218193000cb33e38b3c1a2cc0a034
chatgpt: Elijah Holyfield, the son of four-time heavyweight boxing champion Evander Holyfield, has received a lucrative offer to play football for the University of Oregon Ducks. According to sources, the high school junior is currently weighing his options, as he's also received offers from over 20 other universities, including Boston College and Michigan. Despite being only a junior in high school, Holyfield is already gaining national attention as a running back. He's been ranked as the No.137 recruit in the country by ESPN and has been praised for his speed, agility and strength. It's no wonder why so many universities are vying for his attention. The University of Oregon Ducks have long been known for their strong football program. With head coach Mario Cristobal at the helm, the team has made great strides in recent years, including a victory in the 2020 Rose Bowl. Should Holyfield decide to attend the school, he'll join a talented roster of players and have the opportunity to further develop his skills under the guidance of experienced coaches. But Oregon is not the only option on the table. Boston College and Michigan, both highly respected football programs, have also made offers to the young athlete. Boston College boasts a strong history of producing talented running backs, with former player AJ Dillon being drafted by the Green Bay Packers last year. Meanwhile, Michigan has been a consistent contender in the Big Ten and has produced a number of NFL players over the years. No matter where Holyfield chooses to play, it's clear that he has a promising future ahead of him. With his natural athleticism and drive to succeed, he has the potential to become one of the best players in college football. Despite his young age, Holyfield has already faced his fair share of challenges. Growing up as the son of a successful boxer, he's had to deal with the pressure of living up to his father's legacy. But rather than let the weight of expectations hold him back, he's used it as motivation to push himself even harder. And with every game he plays, he's proving that he's a force to be reckoned with in his own right. As Holyfield continues to navigate the world of college recruitment, football fans across the country will be eagerly watching to see where he ultimately decides to play. But one thing is for sure: no matter where he ends up, he'll be bringing his fierce determination and undeniable talent to the field.