article: High street stores are set to enjoy bumper sales today as shoppers try to grab a festive bargain and avoid the chaos of online order deliveries. Around £40billion of sales are expected in the run-up to Christmas – and today is predicted to be one of the busiest days, on what some have dubbed White Saturday. The continuing discounts are thought to be a key factor, while the delivery problems for online orders mean many shoppers are likely to brave the cold and pick up presents the old-fashioned way to make sure they have them in time for Christmas. Scroll down for video . Crush: Shoppers on Black Friday scrambling for deals while today is predicted to be one of the busiest days . In fact, industry experts said the weather itself could well be a factor in the sales surge, despite the Met Office issuing an ice warning to many areas. Matthew Hopkinson, of retail analysts the Local Data Company, said people shop on the high street for the ‘experience’, adding: ‘The colder weather makes people feel more festive.’ Today’s so-called White Saturday follows the trend of certain days being marked out for high retail sales – such as Black Friday and Cyber Monday. An estimated £810million was spent online on Black Friday a fortnight ago – which was 50 per cent higher than expected and put a vast strain on delivery systems. Retail analyst Patrick O’Brien from Verdict said the problem with online deliveries had been ‘very damaging’. Many shoppers are likely to brave the cold and pick up presents the old-fashioned way to make sure they have them in time for Christmas . He added: ‘The amount of publicity you are seeing due to this problem will definitely cause concern, in terms of people not wanting to take the risk online.’ The Christmas period is crucial for the high street, with retail sales totalling £41billion last December. The British Retail Consortium predicts that Christmas food sales are likely to peak just three days before Christmas, on Monday December 22.
highlights: Around £40billion of sales are expected in the run-up to Christmas . Today is predicted to be one of busiest days - dubbed 'White Saturday' Delivery problems for online orders mean more shoppers will brave cold .
id: cb0864fbdbf431267d8de668c4846028087d83b5
chatgpt: Shoppers across the UK are expected to spend around £40billion in the run-up to Christmas, making it the busiest shopping season of the year. Today, dubbed as 'White Saturday', is predicted to be one of the busiest days for retailers. The day is expected to generate a huge spike in sales as people race to finish their last-minute shopping before the holidays. Despite the COVID-19 pandemic and the increasing popularity of online shopping, many people are braving the cold and hitting the high streets. The reason for this is the delivery problems that many online retailers are currently facing. With Christmas just around the corner, many people are worried that their gifts won't arrive in time if they rely solely on online shopping. According to retail analysts, online delivery problems are expected to result in higher footfall and sales in physical stores this year. This will be a welcome relief for retailers, who have been struggling with the impact of lockdowns and social distancing measures. Retailers are also hoping to make up for the loss of sales earlier this year when stores were closed due to the pandemic. Although online shopping has become increasingly popular over the years, the convenience of browsing and purchasing from the comfort of your own home doesn't necessarily guarantee timely deliveries during the holiday season. This has led to more and more people resorting to heading to the high streets and shopping centres, despite the colder weather conditions. Retailers have implemented measures to ensure the safety of shoppers in stores, such as social distancing and regular cleaning. These precautions have been put in place to keep shoppers and staff safe while they shop for their Christmas gifts. Retailers are also offering click-and-collect services and extended opening hours to make it easier for customers to shop while adhering to COVID-19 restrictions. Overall, it's clear that the holiday shopping season is still going strong despite the challenges of 2020. The predictions of busy shopping days such as 'White Saturday' show that people are willing to brave the colder weather and head to the shops to ensure they have everything they need for the festive season.