article: A 42-year-old man has been sentenced to the maximum 25 years to life in prison after suffocating his quadriplegic girlfriend and leaving their two-year-old son with her body for 16 hours. Angelo Sanchez smothered wheelchair-bound Melissa Torres, 32, with a blanket after she criticized him for 'getting high' on angel dust, or Phencyclidine (PCP), at their home in Brooklyn, New York. He then left her body in the bathroom alongside their son Elijaah Sanchez, who was screaming and crying for his mother to 'wake up', before smashing a safe open in a search for cash. Scene: Angelo Sanchez, 42, has been sentenced to the maximum 25 years to life in prison after suffocating his quadriplegic girlfriend, Melissa Torres, 32, at their apartment in Clymer Street (pictured), Brooklyn . Elijaah, now three, was found by police wearing a soiled diaper in the bathroom of the apartment in Clymer Street a staggering 16 hours later, according to the New York Post. 'He was screaming for help, putting toys back and forth in the broken safe,' Assistant District Attorney Josh Charlton told Brooklyn Supreme Court. In a victim impact statement, Miss Torres' mother, Norma Santiago said the toddler still does not realize his mother has died; he simply believes she is sleeping. 'He says he's going to see her and runs around the house crying, "I want to see Mommy. I want to see Mommy!" He's a sweet angel,' she said. Court: Sanchez left Miss Torres's body in the bathroom of their home alongside their two-year-old son Elijaah, who was screaming and crying for his mother to 'wake up', Brooklyn Supreme Court (pictured) heard . Following the murder on August 4, 2013, Sanchez admitted via a handwritten confession that he had suffocated his girlfriend after she 'got mad' at him for going out and getting high. In relation to his son, he wrote: 'The baby woke up and came to the bathroom and tried to sit on his mother's lap. I picked him up, the baby was asking if his mother was sleeping.' During the sentencing, defense attorney Martin Marshak claimed Sanchez had cared for his girlfriend for more than 15 years and had killed her in a drugged-up state. But Judge Matthew D'Emic dismissed the claims, describing the incident as a murderous 'act of cruelty'. 'It doesn't get much worse than that.' he added. As he was led away by prison guards, Sanchez, who has an extensive criminal history, said he never wanted to get out of prison because his life was 'over'. Ms Santiago is now in the process of adopting Elijaah.
highlights: Angelo Sanchez, 42, attacked quadriplegic Melissa Torres in August 2013 . The 32-year-old had criticized him for 'getting high on angel dust, or PCP . Sanchez smothered her with a blanket, before dumping body in bathroom . He then left his two-year-old son, Elijaah, with mother's body for 16 hours . Sanchez, of Brooklyn, sentenced to the maximum 25 years to life in prison . Judge Matthew D'Emic described incident as a murderous 'act of cruelty'
id: 80c932c0f2d645499d91620cddc712b082b4bfb6
chatgpt: Angelo Sanchez, a 42-year-old man from Brooklyn, has been sentenced to 25 years to life in prison for the heinous murder of Melissa Torres. The incident took place in August 2013 when Sanchez attacked Torres, a quadriplegic woman, after she criticized him for getting high on angel dust, or PCP. According to reports, Sanchez smothered Torres with a blanket before dumping her body in the bathroom. He then left his two-year-old son, Elijaah, with the mother's body for 16 hours. The horrific crime was described as an act of cruelty by Judge Matthew D'Emic. The trial lasted several weeks and included testimony from witnesses who claimed to have seen Sanchez acting erratically in the days leading up to the murder. Some had even attempted to intervene and speak with him out of concern, but Sanchez had become increasingly volatile and aggressive. It was revealed during the trial that Sanchez had a history of drug abuse and a criminal record that included charges for assault and drug possession. Despite this, he continued to maintain his innocence throughout the proceedings. In sentencing Sanchez, Judge D'Emic made it clear that such a violent and unnecessary act would not be tolerated in his courtroom. He expressed his sympathy for the victim's family and described the loss of life as a tragedy that would have a lasting impact on all those affected. The case has raised important questions about the dangers of drug abuse and the need for greater awareness and support for those struggling with addiction. While Sanchez's sentence may bring some measure of closure to those directly affected, it is clear that there is still much work to be done to prevent similar tragedies from occurring in the future. As news of the sentencing broke, there was a sense of relief and closure for those who had followed the case closely. However, the memory of Melissa Torres and the horrors of her untimely death will live on for years to come. May she rest in peace.