article: By . Daily Mail Reporter and Associated Press . PUBLISHED: . 14:40 EST, 22 May 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 05:09 EST, 23 May 2013 . Police in tornado ravaged Moore, Oklahoma have arrested two men looting from properties decimated by Monday's storm. The two men who were arrested were both in their 20s and found standing in the ruins of one property by the owners. They attempted to claim that they were searching for survivors but police said that the residents called police after they realized the men had put items from their home into their pockets. It is not know if the accused looters are residents of Moore, or if they are from outside the tornado affected town. Police have not identified the suspects at this time. Scroll down for video . Police stand beside two men sitting handcuffed on the street whom they have detained on suspicion of looting in Moore, Oklahoma on Tuesday . Looters: Police stand beside two men sitting handcuffed on the street whom they have detained on suspicion of looting . Devastated: The Moore Medical Center was decimated by the tornado . When police arrived they found that . the looters bag was filled with belongings from other destroyed homes in . the neighborhood reported KWTV. Police arrested the suspects, who have not been identified, at the scene at S.W. Seventh St. and Kings Manor. Reports of looting came in as soon as Tuesday in Moore . as it deals with the loss of 24 people who have been confirmed dead, and another 237 injured. Vandals were spotted at the Moore Medical Center, a small facility that sustained damage in the twister. It was a location that was hit hard by the twister, and where rescuers sprung into action to get 15 workers out of the building. KFOR reported that the National Guard has been called in to deal with the looters. The Oklahoma Department of Emergency Management spokeswoman Keli Cain said that the hospital was evacuated on Monday and all 13 of its patients were transferred to other facilities. Cain said she didn't know the conditions of the patients or the extent of the damage at the hospital, which is southwest of Oklahoma City. Hope after the storm: Rescue workers help free one of the 15 people that were trapped at a medical building at the Moore hospital complex . Valor: Rescue workers help free injured survivors of the storm in Moore after a tornado tore through the area .
highlights: The National Guard has been dispatched to assist .
id: 20d98939fd75da32d9fcd772d80cd537b7b729c7
chatgpt: The National Guard has been dispatched to assist in responding to the current crisis in the United States. This comes as the country faces mounting challenges, including a global pandemic, civil unrest, and natural disasters. As the COVID-19 pandemic continues to spread across the country, the National Guard has been called upon to provide support to local governments and communities. Thousands of National Guard members have been deployed to assist with testing and contact tracing efforts, as well as setting up field hospitals and distributing medical supplies. In addition to their efforts to combat COVID-19, the National Guard has also been called upon to respond to civil unrest in several cities across the country. The death of George Floyd at the hands of Minneapolis police sparked nationwide protests, many of which turned violent. In response, governors called up the National Guard to help local law enforcement maintain order and protect property. Natural disasters have also tested the National Guard's capabilities this year. As Hurricane Laura made landfall in Louisiana and Texas in late August, the National Guard was called up to assist with search and rescue efforts, provide security and logistics support, and distribute food and water to affected communities. The National Guard is a reserve component of the US Armed Forces, composed of citizen-soldiers who serve part-time, usually one weekend a month and two weeks a year. However, when the president or governors call upon them, they can be activated for state or federal missions. National Guard members are trained to respond to a wide range of situations, from combat to natural disasters to civil unrest. They can provide logistical and transportation support, and their military training allows them to work in a structured and organized way. They also have specialized capabilities, such as medical and engineering units, that can be deployed as needed. While the National Guard's primary role is to support the military and respond to domestic emergencies, their deployment has sometimes sparked controversy. Critics argue that their use in response to civil unrest can escalate tensions and undermine civil liberties, while supporters point out that they can provide much-needed support to overwhelmed local law enforcement. Despite the ongoing challenges facing the National Guard, their service is more critical than ever. As the country continues to grapple with a global pandemic, civil unrest, and natural disasters, the National Guard remains a key resource for helping communities and governments respond effectively to these crises.