article: Ricky Burns faces a make-or-break test in his comeback fight following his world-title defeat, according to promoter Eddie Hearn. The 31-year-old faces unbeaten Montenegrin Dejan Zlaticanin on June 27 at Braehead Arena in a WBC eliminator, in his first fight since losing his WBO lightweight title to Terence Crawford. The unanimous points loss followed two unconvincing defences and Hearn knows the Coatbridge fighter needs to answer his critics, even if his confidence does not appear to have been hit. Raring to go: Ricky Burns is looking to put his defeat against Terence Crawford behind him . Make or break: Burns must put in a convincing display against Dejan Zlaticanin . Hearn said: 'We had a meeting a couple of weeks after the Crawford fight and I told him the thing to do now was to get a fight to position himself for a world title fight. 'In short I said I wanted him to go out and win and look fantastic because that’s something he hasn’t been doing lately. 'The last thing he needed was to go into another deep fight like Crawford because, although he doesn’t appear to have low confidence he should do because of the performances he’s had. Warning: Promoter Eddie Hearn has warned it's crunch time for Burns . 'Any normal person would look at them and say ‘I haven’t boxed well’ and your confidence wouldn’t be that great, but he’s happy to fight anyone.' Burns split with trainer Billy Nelson after the defeat and is now working in Essex under Tony Sims. Hearn added: 'Ricky is on the comeback trail to a world title shot, he’s got a new trainer, so this is all about putting what he’s learned into practice, getting his confidence back, and showing people he’s still there. Big Blow: Burns was well beaten by Crawford back in March . 'And he might not be. Maybe he goes out and struggles against this kid. He could quite easily lose to this kid because he can fight. 'If he’s still got it he’ll look good against this kid, who’ll come forward and forward and just think ‘what an opportunity’. 'But really Ricky Burns should take care of him, but if he doesn’t then it’s over. This is the acid test - it’s make or break.'
highlights: Scotsman set for make-or-break clash in Glasgow on June 27 . Burns aiming to bounce back from unanimous points loss to Crawford . Promoter Hearn warns fighter his future is on the line .
id: ebefdf7b866ad506c85adaf5611f15d0e7cbf0da
chatgpt: Scottish boxer Ricky Burns is preparing to face an important fight on June 27th in Glasgow, as he aims to bounce back from his previous loss to Terence Crawford. The 37-year-old boxer will face an unnamed opponent in the make-or-break clash that could define his future in the sport. Promoter Eddie Hearn has warned Burns that he needs to win the upcoming fight if he wants to continue his career as a professional boxer. Hearn stated that if Burns is to lose the fight, he may have to consider retiring from the sport. Burns is currently on a two-fight losing streak, something he is keen to remedy with a win. The seasoned fighter has been in the boxing world since 2001, amassing a record of 43 wins, 7 losses and one draw. Burns is no stranger to adversity in the sport, having won titles in three different weight divisions. However, as he approaches the twilight of his career, the boxer will need to put in an impressive performance to continue competing at the highest level. The Scottish boxing hero is a household name in the UK and has fought on some of the biggest stages in the sport. Burns has come a long way since his early days training in Coatbridge, Scotland, and knows what it takes to succeed at the highest level. The fight in question will be particularly challenging as Burns’ opponent has not yet been revealed. Burns will have to prepare for a fight against anyone at this point, making the task even more difficult. The lack of information surrounding Burns’ opponent will mean that he will have to rely on his experience and training to get through the fight. Burns believes he still has plenty to offer in the boxing world and is determined to prove his doubters wrong. The Scottish boxer is aware of the challenges he may face in the upcoming fight, but is confident in his abilities to overcome them. The fight between Burns and his opponent will take place on June 27th in Glasgow. Scottish boxing fans will be eagerly waiting to see if Burns can bounce back from his previous defeats and continue his illustrious career as a professional boxer.