article: (CNN) -- Lionel Messi scored twice as Barcelona went back to the top of La Liga in a three-way title race with a 4-1 victory at Sevilla Sunday. The win drew them level on points with Real Madrid and Atletico, but at the summit because of a superior goal difference. The margin of victory in atrocious and wet conditions would have also helped the defending champion's cause but they had to come from behind to secure the win. Alberto Moreno had put the hosts into an early 15th minute lead as his low strike deflected past Victor Valdes. More might have followed as Carlos Bacca hit the post with a header but Barca were level as Messi's free kick found Alexis Sanchez, who appeared to be in an offside position before scoring. Messi, returning to his best after his injury layoff, put the Catalans ahead before the break with a superb half-volley. He hit the third early in the second half and Cesc Fabregas rounded off the scoring to make the three points safe. With 15 rounds remaining of the tightest Spanish title race in years, all three teams at the top have 57 points. All three are also still involved in the Champions League at the last 16 knockout stage as the season on a domestic and European level moves to an exciting climax. In Italy's Serie A, defending champions Juventus maintained a nine-point advantage over Roma at the top despite being held to a 2-2 draw at Verona. Argentina star Carlos Tevez put Juve two up inside 21 minutes, but second half goals from Luca Toni and substitute Juan Gomez in stoppage time, salvaged a point for the home side. Roma were held to a goalless draw by Lazio and failed to make up ground. Meanwhile in France's Ligue 1, champions Paris Saint German played out a 1-1 draw with nearest title rivals Monaco. An own goal from PSG captain Thiago Silva cost them three points after Javier Pastore put them ahead after eight minutes. But they still lead big-spending Monaco by five points with 14 rounds remaining.
highlights: Barcelona beat Sevilla 4-1 in La Liga . Two goals from Lionel Messi . Barcelona top on goal difference from Real Madrid and Atletico Madrid . Juventus held 2-2 at Verona but maintain nine point lead in Serie A .
id: 3449597b3f7ea3d920bd5670315b05747a6e3475
chatgpt: Barcelona produced a stunning performance to beat Sevilla 4-1 in the La Liga on a memorable night at the Nou Camp on Saturday. Two goals from Lionel Messi ensured that Barca secured the maximum points from the encounter. Messi was simply unstoppable and gave the Sevilla defense a torrid time throughout the match. The Argentine forward showed his class with two superbly executed goals. His first came in the 26th minute when he pounced on a loose ball in the box and coolly slotted it past the keeper to give Barcelona the lead. His second of the game arrived in the 78th minute with another trademark finish, this time a stunning free-kick from just outside the box. Barcelona's other goals came from Ivan Rakitic and Luis Suarez. Rakitic scored with a powerful strike from 30 yards out, while Suarez made it 4-0 with a simple tap-in after being set up by Antoine Griezmann. Sevilla's consolation goal came through Luuk de Jong in injury time. With this victory, Barcelona have gone top of the La Liga standings, leapfrogging both Real Madrid and Atletico Madrid on goal difference. This win was vital for the Catalan giants who had faced some criticism following a slow start to the season. Meanwhile, in the Serie A, Juventus were held to a 2-2 draw by Verona, but still maintained a comfortable nine-point lead at the top of the table. Cristiano Ronaldo and Aaron Ramsey scored for Juve, while goals from Miguel Veloso and Giampaolo Pazzini ensured that Verona came away with a well-deserved point. Juventus had started the match strongly and took the lead through Ronaldo's penalty in the 65th minute. However, Verona refused to give up and equalized through Veloso's stunning long-range effort in the 20th minute. Ramsey restored Juve's lead with a tap-in in the 31st minute, but Pazzini had the final say with his injury-time equalizer. Despite the draw, Juventus remain firmly in control of the Serie A, sitting nine points clear at the top of the table. Their unbeaten run in the league continues and they will be looking to extend it when they take on Brescia in their next match. Overall, it was an eventful night in both the La Liga and Serie A, with Barcelona's dominant display and Juventus' hard-fought draw being the highlights of the evening.