article: (CNN) -- Alabama exacted revenge and clinched the Bowl Championship Series title on Monday night, besting Louisiana State University 21-0. The Crimson Tide cleared up past problems with its special teams, kicking five field goals to become champions of college football. Alabama's stifling defense battered LSU the entire game, holding the Tigers to just five first downs. "It was great team win. Our defense did a good job. Our offense controlled the momentum and our special teams played well," Alabama coach Nick Saban said. Monday's game was a far cry from the two Southeastern Conference rivals' last showdown. Both teams went into that game on November 5 undefeated. College football pundits dubbed it the game of the century and Alabama lost 9-6 in overtime. In that game, Alabama missed four field goals, including one in overtime. This time, Alabama's kicker Jeremy Shelley hit five field goals, giving Alabama a commanding 15-0 lead in the fourth quarter. Crimson Tide's star running back Trent Richardson broke a 34-yard touchdown with less than five minutes left. "I am happy and proud of my players, the way they responded to the pain and disappointment of losing the last time," Saban said . Alabama's offense was dealt a huge blow early in the game. Kick returner Marquis Maze injured his leg in the second quarter after running a 49-yard punt return. Maze, who is also Alabama's big-play wide receiver, left the game and never returned. But Alabama was able to overcome the loss and moved the ball up and down the field all game long, to the chagrin of the thousands of purple-and-gold-clad LSU fans who packed the Superdome in New Orleans. By the fourth quarter, the stands seemed like a sea of crimson as Alabama fans celebrated. The loss ends LSU's undefeated streak, . "My locker room is hurting right now," LSU coach Les Miles said after the game. "We did not get it going offensively at all. Our defense was on the field a long time.Give credit to our opponents on that. It became very hard to get first downs. This is as painful as anything we have been through."
highlights: Alabama kicks five field goals . Crimson Tide holds LSU to only five first downs . "I am happy and proud of my players," Alabama coach Nick Saban said .
id: 855b3355c6d09d537c05de17a200be504e8d7164
chatgpt: In an intense matchup between two of the nation's top-ranked football teams, the Alabama Crimson Tide dominated the LSU Tigers with a score of 15-0. Alabama's kicker, Will Reichard, was the MVP of the game as he kicked five field goals to give Alabama the edge it needed to win. The first quarter saw the Crimson Tide take an early lead with a field goal from Reichard. The rest of the quarter was a back-and-forth battle with neither team able to get into the end zone. By halftime, Alabama had increased its lead to 9-0 with two more field goals from Reichard. The second half was dominated by Alabama's defense, as they held the LSU Tigers to only five first downs throughout the entire game. LSU's quarterback, Max Johnson, was under constant pressure as he was sacked four times and threw two interceptions. Alabama's defense also kept LSU from gaining any significant ground, limiting them to just 196 yards in total offense. "We knew LSU was a great team, and we knew we had to come out strong," said Alabama head coach Nick Saban after the game. "I am happy and proud of my players for the effort they put in today. We executed well on both sides of the ball, and that's what it takes to win games against top-ranked teams." Alabama's offense, led by quarterback Bryce Young, was efficient but not flashy. Young completed 20 of his 35 passes for 218 yards, but he was unable to connect with any of his receivers for a touchdown. He did, however, manage to connect with tight end Jahleel Billingsley for a key 16-yard gain that helped set up Reichard's final field goal in the fourth quarter. Even though Alabama's offense was not able to score any touchdowns, their ability to control the ball and keep LSU's defense on the field for extended periods of time was a significant factor in their win. Alabama's victory over LSU solidified their position as one of the top teams in the nation. The Crimson Tide improved to 7-1 on the season and will look to continue their winning ways as they head towards the end of the regular season.