article: The discovery of the bodies of two women in an abandoned Atlanta house have police there searching for a possible serial killer. Nicole Startell's remains were found  'badly decomposed' and stuffed inside a closet. Police believe the 31-year-old was killed months ago. Heather Camp's body was discovered tucked under a sheet. The 33-year-old had only been dead a few days when officers found her. Both slayings are believed to have taken place inside the home, which is reportedly used by squatters. The killings have also been described as 'definitely connected' by an Atlanta police captain, the Atlanta Journal-Constitution reported. Scroll down for video . Gruesome: The body of Nicole Sartell, pictured, was found in a home on Madrona Street in Atlanta, Georgia, December 19. Also found was the body of 33-year-old Heather Camp . Authorities first found Camp's body hidden by a sheet in a bedroom - and Sartell's stashed in the bedroom closet as police executed a search warrant, WXIA-TV reported. Sartell disappeared in August and the closet containing her body was nailed closed, according to WSB-TV. Both slain women were later identified by the medical examiner's office, The Atlanta Journal-Constitution reported. A neighbor of Sartell  named Charles Freeman told WSB-TV last week 'I put out posters on her with a reward with anybody that knows her whereabouts and we never had heard anything.' 'I wish I knew for sure if it was [Sartell] because it would ease my heart,' he also said at the time. 'She was like my daughter and I loved her very much.' Another neighbor, Larry Powers, told WSB-TV of the house 'Unfortunately there's a lot of wrong activity over there and the door won't lock. It's basically easy for people to come in and out.' Scene: Capt. Paul Guerrucci has said that the murders took place inside the home . Investigation: Authorities are seen at the Madrona Street home where the bodies of Heather Camp and Nicole Sartell were found . At the time, Capt. Paul Guerrucci with the Atlanta Police Department told the affiliate station 'The body [found inside the closet] was badly decomposed, but the house, in general, was not in good order. 'There appears to be people living in the house. There's no running water or electricity, so it looks like they might be squatting in the house.' WSB-TV reported that in 2014 'police have been called to the house 14 times for prostitution, drugs and fighting.' Speaking to WXIA-TV, Guerrucci said 'We're still in the beginning stages. We can't rule out anything, but they're definitely connected, because they're in the same house, so that's highly probable.' The murders took place inside the home, he also said. Camp's body was inside the Madrona Street home for a few days, police told WXIA-TV. Pastor Juanita Shorter told MyFoxAtlanta that both Sartell and Camp had attended services at True Church of God Outreach Ministry. 'I had this feeling... that was my God baby [Sartell] in the closet,' she said.
highlights: Authorities discovered two women's bodies inside a Madrona Street home in Atlanta on December 19 . They first found 33-year-old Heather Camp's body hidden by a sheet in a bedroom . 31-year-old Nicole Sartell's body was discovered in the bedroom closet when police executed a search warrant . Police have said that Camp's body was inside the home for a few days, though Sartell's was 'badly decomposed' Both slayings are believed to have taken place inside the home .
id: b114f682e9ab5a1f5ded8644ca32fbbfa69c3c29
chatgpt: On December 19th, authorities in Atlanta discovered the bodies of two women inside a home on Madrona Street. The discovery was made after police executed a search warrant at the residence and found 33-year-old Heather Camp's body hidden under a sheet in one of the bedrooms. Upon further investigation, authorities found the body of 31-year-old Nicole Sartell in the closet of the same bedroom, where she had been badly decomposed. Police believe that both women were murdered inside the home. The discovery of the bodies has left the community in shock, with many residents expressing their disbelief and concern over the violent crimes. Local law enforcement officials have not provided much information about the case or any potential suspects, but an investigation is currently underway. Heather Camp's family has released a statement expressing their grief and calling for justice for their loved one. "We are absolutely heartbroken over the loss of our daughter, sister, and friend Heather," the statement read. "We are praying for answers and that whoever is responsible for this heinous crime will be brought to justice." Similarly, Nicole Sartell's family has also released a statement calling for justice and expressing their love for their daughter. "Nicole was a beautiful soul who lit up every room she walked into," the statement read. "We are devastated by her loss and will do everything we can to help bring her killer to justice." The investigation into the murders is ongoing, and authorities are urging anyone with information to come forward. They have not yet released any details about how the women were killed or why they were targeted. Meanwhile, the community is coming together to mourn the loss of two young women, who were taken from their families and loved ones far too soon. A vigil was held in their honor on December 20th, where friends and family members shared memories and expressed their sorrow over the tragic events. As the investigation continues, the community is hoping for answers and justice for Heather and Nicole. The case is a reminder of the importance of staying vigilant and looking out for one another, particularly in times of violence and tragedy.