article: David Cameron admitted yesterday he should cut benefits and tax credits for immigrants more quickly to stop Britain being such a ‘massive draw’. The PM was asked by MPs about what lessons he would draw from the Government’s failure to hit its net migration target. Giving evidence to the Commons liaison committee he said: ‘The biggest lesson I would learn is we need to act more rapidly on the financial draw to Britain. David Cameron pictured yesterday at the Liaison Select Committee said he would cut migrant's benefits . ‘I think that the way the tax credit system and benefit systems work to make Britain a massive draw – not only because we’re creating so many jobs but also the financial draw – we needed to act on that faster. ‘I have made very clear pledges about what will happen in the next Parliament if I’m lucky enough to come to another one of these meetings.’ In 2010, Mr Cameron pledged to reduce net migration – the number of arrivals minus departures – to below 100,000. But despite sharp cuts in the number of non-EU migrants, a surge in European arrivals means the figure has barely changed in the past five years. The figure currently is 260,000 a year. In November, Mr Cameron promised to stop EU migrants claiming in-work benefits, such as tax credits, and getting access to social housing for four years. Mr Cameron, pictured, has pledged to stop EU migrants from accessing social housing for four years . Child benefit and out-of-work benefits will also be curbed, he said. The measures will form the centrepiece of his proposed renegotiation of EU free movement rules ahead of a proposed referendum in 2017. Some Tory backbenchers were disappointed by the speech because it stopped short of more robust action, including a temporary ban on migrants – the so-called emergency brake. It emerged that No 10 dumped the idea after German Chancellor Angela Merkel made it clear it would not win EU support. The Tories are expected to keep the net migration target as part of their election manifesto. Last month Mr Cameron said Britain would be a ‘better, stronger country’ if the number of immigrants was cut.
highlights: David Cameron appeared in front of a parliamentary committee yesterday . He was asked what lessons he learned from failing to cap migration . He told MPs, Britain needed to act more rapidly on the UK's 'financial draw'
id: ee2aacbec37c20424d18edd4c76000abd79ef695
chatgpt: British former Prime Minister David Cameron appeared in front of the parliamentary committee on Wednesday to answer questions relating to his previous inability to cap immigration, an issue that caused much controversy during his time in office. Cameron was asked what lessons he learned from failing to tackle immigration, to which he responded by saying that Britain needs to act more rapidly to address the "financial draw" that the UK has on migrants. Cameron acknowledged that one of the key drivers of immigration is the perception that Britain is a land of opportunity, offering better jobs and higher wages than other countries in the European Union. During his testimony, Cameron was also grilled over his handling of the Brexit referendum, which he called in 2016. He admitted that he had underestimated the likelihood of the Leave camp winning, and had not adequately prepared for it. Cameron's appearance before the committee comes at a time of increased focus on the UK's immigration policy. The government has pledged to reduce net migration to below 100,000 a year, a promise that has proven difficult to fulfil. Critics argue that the UK's economy relies heavily on low-skilled migrant workers, particularly in industries such as agriculture, hospitality and social care. They warn that any further cuts to immigration could have a detrimental impact on these sectors. However, there are others who argue that the UK needs to adopt a more restrictive approach to immigration, in order to control population growth and reduce the strain on public services. In response to these concerns, the government has proposed a new immigration system that will prioritise skilled workers over low-skilled migrants. The system will be based on a points-based system, similar to those used by Australia and Canada. The government has also promised to introduce a range of measures to clamp down on illegal immigration, including tighter border controls and greater enforcement of immigration laws. It remains to be seen whether these measures will be enough to satisfy critics of the government's immigration policy. However, Cameron's appearance before the committee suggests that the issue of immigration is still very much at the forefront of political debate in the UK.