article: Baghdad, Iraq (CNN) -- Iraqi President Jalal Talabani officially named Nuri al-Maliki to a second term as prime minister in a televised ceremony Thursday. Talabani gave a speech and handed a letter to the prime minister, asking him to form a new government after a months-long political stalemate that drew fears of a resurgence in sectarian and insurgent violence. Al-Maliki has 30 days to work with rival factions and form a government or face the prospect of losing the president's nomination. "I know very well, as do you, that the task I have been designated with is not an easy one, especially with Iraq's current circumstances," al-Maliki said. "So I urge the great Iraqi people ... and my brothers the politicians to work on getting past all the disputes that had dominated the past stages." Al-Maliki's nomination came after months of delicate power-sharing negotiations within Iraq's fledgling democracy. Earlier this month, former Iraqi Prime Minister Ayad Allawi offered a grim prediction for the future of Iraq's government after a dramatic walkout staged by Sunni lawmakers in the Iraqiya bloc. "We think the concept of power-sharing is dead now," the secular Shiite said. "It's finished." The Iraqiya bloc, led by Allawi, had threatened to shun negotiations on sharing power with Kurds and Shiites. But just days after the walkout, the principal political blocs agreed to establish a committee to negotiate aspects of the deal. Haidar al-Mullah, an Iraqiya member of parliament, said the walk-out was a "misunderstanding." His bloc will take a "real part" in the government, he said, and will play the role of "positive opposition" by monitoring the performance of the government. Mahmoud Othman, an Iraqi Kurdish lawmaker, said mediation efforts by Kurdish officials, Americans and the Arab League began after the walkout. President Obama and other U.S. officials praised the new power-sharing agreement. "There are still challenges to overcome, but all indications are that the government will be representative, inclusive and reflect the will of the Iraqi people who cast their ballots in the last election," Obama said at the G-20 summit in Seoul, South Korea this month. Under the proposed deal, the three major governmental positions were to be filled by three members of the country's largest ethnic groups: the Shiites, the Kurds and the Sunnis. The deal also intended to create a powerful new office -- expected to be headed by Allawi, al-Maliki's rival -- that would serve to check the new prime minister's influence. But Allawi rejected the office, saying he would no longer take up the position. "I personally have made up my mind. I will not be a part of this theater," Allawi said. CNN's Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report .
highlights: Iraqi President Jalal Talabani named Nuri al-Maliki to a second term as prime minister . Al-Maliki has 30 days to work with rival factions and form a new government . His nomination comes after months of delicate power-sharing negotiations .
id: 428f3077e7f649217de0f876083b709661e9f5a3
chatgpt: Iraqi President Jalal Talabani has named Nuri al-Maliki to serve a second term as the country's prime minister, despite ongoing concerns over political instability and factional tensions. This decision comes after months of delicate negotiations and power-sharing talks between rival groups, as the country struggles to establish a stable post-war government. Al-Maliki's nomination must now be approved by the Iraqi parliament, which has 30 days to approve his selection or nominate another candidate. This process is expected to be a difficult one, as it will require al-Maliki to work with rival factions and groups to form a governing coalition that can address the country's pressing challenges, including security, economic development, and social reconciliation. Despite these challenges, al-Maliki has expressed confidence that he can form a strong and effective government that will represent all Iraqis. In a statement released after his nomination, he pledged to work with all parties to build a stable and prosperous Iraq. "My priority is to create a government that reflects the aspirations of all Iraqis, regardless of their ethnicity or religion," al-Maliki said. "We have many challenges ahead of us, but I am confident that by working together, we can overcome them and move forward." Al-Maliki's nomination has been welcomed by some in the international community, who see him as a strong and capable leader who can help to stabilize the country. However, others have expressed concerns over his track record on human rights and his willingness to work with rival factions. Critics have accused al-Maliki of authoritarianism and of failing to address the needs of minority groups and other marginalized communities. They have also raised concerns over his ties to Iran, which has been accused of meddling in Iraq's internal affairs. Nevertheless, al-Maliki's nomination represents a major step forward for a country that has been plagued by instability and conflict for decades. It also sends a signal to the Iraqi people that their political leaders are taking steps to address their concerns and build a brighter future for the country. As the country enters this new phase of its political development, many Iraqis are hopeful that al-Maliki and his government will be able to deliver on their promises of stability, security, and prosperity. They know that this will require hard work and tough choices, but they are ready to do what it takes to build a brighter future for themselves and their families. In the coming weeks and months, al-Maliki and his government will face major challenges as they work to build a governing coalition and address the country's pressing needs. However, they can take heart in the fact that they have the support of the Iraqi people, who are looking forward to a brighter future for their country.