article: When romantic Jake Dodridge booked a £650 break for himself and his girlfriend, he envisaged the trip as a nice way to break the winter blues. But he was left heartbroken after long-term partner broke up with him just weeks before the trip was due to start. To make matters worse, lastminute.co.uk refused to give him an 11th-hour refund. However, to stop the booking going to waste he is now advertising his girlfriend's place on eBay, with bids starting at just 99p. Jake Dodridge, 21, is looking for a girl willing to go on a four-star holiday to Venice with him after he separated from long-term partner just weeks before the holiday . Mr Dodridge said he was forced to advertise the place on eBay, with bids starting at just 99p, because lastminute.co.uk refused to give him an 11th-hour refund . The package includes flights and a stay at a four-star hotel, but Mr Dodridge is asking for any women to supply a photograph before he agrees to go with them. In his online advert, the 21-year-old IT technician also states that only women between the ages of 18 and 30 can bid. Mr Dodridge, from Newbury, Berkshire, said: 'This isn’t something I would normally do, but when life gives you lemons you have to make lemonade. 'I was upset when my girlfriend dumped me, but looking back it was the right thing to do. It just wasn’t meant to be. However Mr Dodridge is asking bidders to send him a picture to prove they are female, and is asking only women aged between 18 and 30 to apply . 'But what is the point of wasting a perfectly good holiday? I want someone fun to come with me, who is up for a laugh. 'I will obviously get their number before we go so I can chat to them and see if we get on. 'It’s not about making money, I just want someone to go with so the holiday will go to the highest bidder. It will be a great first date.' Are you Jake's ex-girlfriend? Get in touch and tell your side of the story. Email: mark.davies@mailonline.co.uk .
highlights: Jake Dodridge, 21, booked £650 trip to Venice for himself and girlfriend . She broke up with him just weeks before four-star holiday was due to begin . Told he cannot cancel at last minute so is now selling her space on eBay . Bidders must be between 18 and 30 and must include a photo of themselves .
id: 20d45a9e89b09137c877aaa8bfdd44b0bd0b24f7
chatgpt: A 21-year-old man from the UK is making headlines after he decided to sell his ex-girlfriend's spot on a luxury getaway that he had booked for the both of them. Jake Dodridge had planned a romantic trip to Venice, Italy, with his girlfriend but things took a turn for the worse when she broke up with him just weeks before the trip was due to begin. Dodridge was left in a predicament as he had already paid for the four-star holiday and couldn't cancel at the last minute without incurring significant financial penalties. He came up with an innovative solution and decided to sell his ex's spot on eBay to make some of his money back. The listing which was posted on eBay reads: "Due to unforeseen circumstances, I am selling a holiday for two to Venice departing on 21 August and returning on 25 August from London Gatwick Airport. Flights are with easyJet and include hand luggage only. Accommodation is at the four-star Hotel Sant Elena including breakfast on each morning. This holiday package was originally purchased for £650. Bid now to grab yourself a bargain." There are certain conditions that bidders must fulfil if they want to take Jake's ex-girlfriend's spot. They must be between the ages of 18 and 30, and they must include a photo of themselves along with their bid. Dodridge has received considerable interest in the auction, with over 60 bids so far. While some people might view Jake's actions as petty or spiteful, he has defended his decision to sell the trip on eBay. Speaking to reporters, he said: "I'm not trying to get revenge or anything like that. I just want to recoup some of the money that I spent on the holiday. And let's be honest, who wouldn't want to take a cheap trip to Venice?" The story has gained a lot of attention on social media, with some praising Jake's quick thinking and others criticising him for profiting off his ex-girlfriend's misfortune. However, Dodridge says that he's just looking to put the incident behind him and move on with his life. The auction is set to close in a few days, and Jake is hoping to get a good price for his ex-girlfriend's spot. While it may not be the ideal way to deal with a break-up, it certainly is an innovative solution to a difficult problem.