article: By . Alex Brummer, City Editor . PUBLISHED: . 19:31 EST, 13 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 19:32 EST, 13 October 2013 . America was warned yesterday that it is within three days of tipping the rest of the world into a new global recession. Talks to avoid the US government defaulting on its debts and to end a 14-day partial government shutdown remained deadlocked last night. The International Monetary Fund told the US that ‘it needs to take urgent action to address the short term fiscal uncertainties’. Conflict: Obama wants the US Congress to extend his government's borrowing powers, but the bid is being blocked by the Republicans . Managing director Christine Lagarde warned of a ‘risk of tipping, yet again, into recession’ just as some economies were recovering from the 2008 crisis. The US defaulting on debts could shatter the fragile economic recovery, she said. ‘If there is that degree of disruption, that lack of certainty, that lack of trust in the US signature, it would mean massive disruption the world over, and we would be at risk of tipping yet again into a recession,” she told NBC. Mario Draghi, President of the European Central Bank, told an IMF press conference the deadlock ‘casts a long shadow over the world economy’. President Obama wants Congress to extend his government’s borrowing authority but this is being blocked by Republicans in Congress. Protests: Government workers in the US have campaigned against the shutdown, which has seen many services stopped . If there is no deal by Thursday, there is the prospect of Washington defaulting on financial obligations. World Bank President Jim Yong Kim said a default would be ‘disastrous’ for poorer countries. He added: The closer we get to the debt ceiling deadline, the greater the impact for the developing world.’ With Wall Street closed today for a public holiday, markets in Asia and Europe will take the first hit for the impasse.
highlights: Officials from the IMF warned that the deadlock over US borrowing could damage economies worldwide . US could default on financial obligations if President Obama cannot get the debt ceiling raised . The World Bank's President has warned this would be 'disastrous' for poorer countries .
id: 9578b502a4b95defdd128597d4e0a84f0434f376
chatgpt: The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has issued a warning stating that the prolonged deadlock over US borrowing could have damaging consequences for economies worldwide. The IMF's Managing Director, Christine Lagarde, has urged US politicians to act in the country's best interests and work towards resolving the ongoing impasse. It is feared that the US may default on its financial obligations if President Obama fails to have the debt ceiling raised. The US Treasury has estimated that the country will exhaust its borrowing capacity by October 17th, after which point it will be unable to pay its bills on time. This would have far-reaching consequences, including disrupting global financial markets and potentially causing the US's credit rating to be downgraded. The implications of a US default are even more dire for poorer countries. The President of the World Bank, Jim Yong Kim, has warned that such an event would be "disastrous" for these nations, many of which are already struggling with fragile economies. The World Bank estimates that a US default could drive up borrowing costs and trigger capital flight, leading to economic instability in the developing world. The IMF has also highlighted the impact a US default could have on the global economy, especially given the interconnectivity of financial markets. If the US defaults on its financial obligations, investors could flee to safer assets, such as gold or Swiss francs, leading to further currency volatility. Despite the urgency of the situation, politicians in Washington remain at a stalemate. Republicans are using the need to increase the debt ceiling as leverage to push for concessions from Democrats, who are resisting their demands. It remains to be seen whether a deal can be reached before the US reaches the borrowing limit. The potential consequences of a US default are too significant to ignore. Analysts have warned that it could push the US into another recession and threaten the recovery of the global economy. As the deadline for raising the debt ceiling draws closer, the pressure is mounting on US politicians to reach a compromise and avoid a financial catastrophe.