article: By . William Turvill . A jewellery shop, believed to be the oldest in Britain, is facing closure after more than 300 years in business. Parsons the Jewellers opened its doors in Bristol in 1710 and was run by the same family for at least ten generations. But the shop's current owner, Paul Davis, 62, has said it is set to be closed because no one has shown any interest in taking it on from him. Mr Davis estimates that the 304-year-old shop has made more than 100,000 engagement rings over its history, providing more than half of those made in the South West city . He estimates that the 304-year-old shop has made more than 100,000 engagement rings over its history, providing more than half of those made in the South West city. ’It’s the oldest and one of the best known brands in Bristol and the public love our shop,' father-of-four Mr Davis said. ‘We have a ring in the window that was crafted in 1860, but I’m certain earlier pieces survive.’ Parsons the Jewellers (pictured) is facing closure after more than 300 years in business in Bristol . Its first shop in a Tudor building on Redcross Street in Bristol’s Old Market was founded in 1710 by George Edgecumbe who trained as a brass founder and then moved into clock-making. His son married Elizabeth Parsons and it was their son, George, who branched out into jewellery. The original shop remained for 250 . years until 1966 when it was demolished to make way for a roundabout and . the company moved to the Broadmead shopping centre. A second branch of the shop, which had opened in 1888, was devastated in a wartime blitz. In . 2006 the company moved to its current premises in the Galleries . Shopping Centre, but still kept its trademark statue of Cupid perched . above the shop front. Mr . Davis bought the company 15 years ago when the Parsons family ran out . of heirs - but he’s decided to sell up as he gets older. He said: ‘We are proud of our rich heritage. ‘The shop has seen wars, recession and many moves but it still attracts young couples to buy our trademark coloured diamonds.' Mr Davis is pictured here in his jewellery shop with two of employees, Chloe Slater (left) and Amy Stone . He added: ‘The business does very well, but obviously it could always do better - I’m just looking for someone to take over who has a good eye for a diamond in the rough. ‘I don’t think I could manage another busy Christmas but Parsons is such an institution, you could never let it die. ‘I feel like a caretaker here. The people of Bristol, I’m sure, would want to see it continue.’
highlights: Parsons the Jewellers opened its doors for the first time in Bristol in 1710 . It is believed to have made more than 100,000 engagement rings and may have produced more than half of those sold in the South West city . Owner Paul Davis says no one has shown interest in buying the shop .
id: 7a16382b0462ce9181c1bde55f1eece86ae8969d
chatgpt: Parsons the Jewellers, a beloved historic shop that has been a staple in Bristol for over 300 years is in danger of closing down.  The family-owned business that has been creating and selling jewellery since 1710 and has made more than 100,000 engagement rings in its illustrious history, which might have accounted for over half of those sold in Bristol. Yet, according to owner Paul Davis, no one has shown an interest in buying the business. Mr. Davis, who has been running the business for the last 25 years, said he has been trying to find a buyer for some time now. He has been actively marketing the business but has not had any interest from potential buyers. Mr. Davis goes on to say, “It’s sad to think that we may be the last generation to run the shop. We are hoping that someone will step forward and take over the business and continue our family's legacy of creating beautiful and well-crafted jewellery.” Parsons is more than just a business; it has become a part of the local community. The shop is a cherished landmark in the city, frequented by locals and tourists alike. The unrivaled levels of craftsmanship and the quality of the jewellery has been admired by generations of Bristolians, who are proud of their city's heritage. The shop that makes a point of using traditional techniques and locally sourced materials, has a passionate and loyal customer base.  Over the years, it’s this kind of customer-satisfaction and reputation for crafting high-quality jewellery that has kept Parsons the Jewellers in business for such a long time. However, despite its prominence in the city and its long and successful history, Parsons the Jewellers is not immune to the harsh realities of modern commerce. Sales have been suffering in recent years, and the Covid-19 pandemic has only made matters worse, forcing the shop to close its doors temporarily for the first time in its entire history. Earlier this year, in a desperate attempt to save the business from closing down, Mr. Davis decided to liquidate the shop’s inventory and sell the remaining stock at discounted prices. Fortunately, there was a great response from the community, and the sale was a huge success. However, it did little to change the status of the shop's future.  It’s hard to imagine Bristol without Parsons the Jewellers, it’s a shop that has been around for over three centuries and is an integral part of the city's cultural heritage. Closing the doors on this iconic business would be a great loss to the community. With no viable interest from potential buyers, Mr. Davis continues to look for ways to keep the business afloat. In the meantime, Parsons the Jewellers remains open, and the family business continues to create and sell high-quality jewellery to new and loyal customers. As the search continues for someone to takeover this iconic business, the people of Bristol can only hope that the shop continues to survive and remains an essential part of the city for generations to come.