article: They made their names creating music. But more and more celebrities are making their fortunes selling perfume. Yesterday it emerged that fragrances from stars such as Britney Spears, Beyoncé and Cheryl Fernandez-Versini are outselling established fragrance brands such as Hugo Boss and Gucci in some stores. Miss Spears's perfumes are so popular that they outsell DKNY by three to one at Superdrug, and Hugo Boss by two to one. Scroll down for video . Britney Spears has sold more than two million bottles since launching her first perfume in 2004. She is outselling DKNY by three to one and Hugo Boss by two to one at Superdrug . This year's No1 fragrance is Jay Z with GOLD (pictured right), which sells three times as many bottles as Red by Lacoste. The rapper's wife, Beyonce, is at No2 with her perfume, Rise (pictured left) Having sold more than two million bottles since launching her first perfume in 2004, Miss Spears, 33, is regarded the Queen of celebrity fragrance. She is the only star to have appeared in every one of Superdrug's top ten bestseller lists since they were first compiled in 2006. At around £15 per 100ml, her range is one of the cheaper on sale.But she faces a fight to hold onto her crown. This year's No1 is Jay z with his GOLD fragrance, which sells three times as many bottles as Red by Lacoste. At No2 is the rapper's wife, Beyonce, with a fragrance called Rise that is outselling Gucci's Envy by three to one. Marc Jacobs’ Daisy will be outperformed on the same scale by X Factor judge Mrs Fernandez-Versini’s Stormflower, according to the high street beauty chain. One Direction’s You & I, also outperforms Calvin Klein’s Eternity by three to one. Royal Revolution by Katy Perry is expected to sell three bottles for every one of D&G’s Light Blue, Issey Miyake will be beaten threefold by Rihanna’s Rogue. And Lady Gaga’s Eau de Gaga is expected to beat Jean Paul Gaultier by three. Celebrity fragrances by One Direction (left), Cheryl Fernandez-Versini (middle), and Nicki Minaj (right) are all in the top 10 bestsellers . However none of the singers to turn their hands to perfume making have enjoyed quite the same level of success as Miss Spears. Miss Spears, a mother of two, has created 16 scents overall, with names like Curious and Naughty & Nice Remix. Last night Simon Comins, Superdrug Buying Director said Miss Spears’ continued success was unrivalled by any other celebrity. He said: ‘Britney is the undisputed queen of celebrity fragrance. Looking back over the years there have been many entries into the fragrance market but few have the staying power of Britney. ‘Famous names such as Naomi Campbell, Cindy Crawford and Colleen Rooney have all featured in the best-sellers charts over the years but Britney is the only celebrity to feature on our very first official chart in 2006 and every single chart up to this year’s.’
highlights: Britney Spears perfumes outsell DKNY by three to one at Superdrug . The 33-year-old has sold more than two million bottles since  2004 . Superdrug boss says Spears is the Queen of celebrity fragrances . This year's No1 fragrance is Jay Z with GOLD and Beyonce is at No2 .
id: 0a141d49171d5472b4dfb325e4dbcc44be8fdeec
chatgpt: Superdrug, one of the leading health and beauty retailers in the United Kingdom, has reported that Britney Spears' perfumes are outselling DKNY by three to one. The 33-year-old pop star has sold over 2 million bottles of her fragrances since launching her line back in 2004.  The CEO of Superdrug, Jo Mackie, has described Britney Spears as the "Queen of celebrity fragrances" due to the overwhelming popularity of her products, which have proved a hit with both male and female consumers. Mackie attributes Spears' success to her strong brand and loyal fan base, as well as the quality of the fragrances she has released over the years. Spears' perfumes have consistently topped the charts at Superdrug, with her Fantasy scent remaining in the top ten for several years. The success of Spears' perfumes has not gone unnoticed by her industry peers, with other celebrities looking to cash in on the trend. This year's top-selling fragrance is Jay Z's GOLD, with Beyonce's perfume coming in second place. The demand for celebrity fragrances has remained steady over the years, with consumers eager to purchase products endorsed by their favorite stars. However, brands are aware that creating a quality fragrance is essential if they want to retain the loyalty of their audience. The success of Britney Spears' perfumes is a testament to this, and it's clear that she has invested in creating a line of fragrances that truly reflects her personal style. The fragrances on offer from the Britney Spears line range from sweet and fruity to more sophisticated scents. This diversity has allowed consumers of all ages to find a fragrance that suits their individual taste. It's no surprise then that Spears' brand has been able to maintain its position as a top seller in a highly competitive market. Britney Spears has long been recognized as a fashion icon among her fans. Her fashion sense is often replicated and emulated by her admirers. Her success in the fragrance market can be attributed to her ability to create scents that are perfectly in line with her personal style. Her line of perfumes has become an extension of her brand and a way for fans to connect with her beyond just her music career. In an industry that is constantly changing, the Britney Spears fragrance line has managed to remain a consistent favorite among consumers. Her brand's success is not only due to her celebrity status but also her dedication to quality and creating perfumes that truly represent her unique style. With the holiday season approaching, it's likely that the demand for celebrity fragrances will remain high. Consumers are always looking for something special to add to their festive shopping list, and fragrance can be the perfect gift. Britney Spears' perfumes are no exception, and fans will undoubtedly continue to snap them up as we approach the end of the year. In conclusion, Britney Spears' line of perfumes has been a hit with Superdrug customers for over a decade. Her success in the fragrance market is due to the quality of her products and the loyalty of her fan base. Her brand has become a consistent favorite with consumers, and it's clear that she has become the queen of celebrity fragrances. With the holiday season just around the corner, Britney Spears' perfumes are set to continue being a go-to gift for those wanting to add a touch of glamour to their festivities.