article: (CNN) -- World No. 1 Novak Djokovic battled back from the brink of defeat at the French Open on Tuesday to rescue his hopes of becoming the first man in 43 years to hold all four grand slam titles. The Serbian saved four match-points before finally overcoming home favorite Jo-Wilfried Tsonga in the quarterfinals. Djokovic, who has never reached the final at Roland Garros, triumphed 6-1 5-7 5-7 7-6 (8-6) 6-1 against the fifth seed in a scintillating match lasting just over four hours. The 25-year-old set up a rematch with 16-time grand slam champion Roger Federer, who beat Djokovic in the Paris semifinals last year to end his 43-match winning run. "He was the better player for most of the match and I was fortunate to come back from four match-points down. It was an incredible match," said Djokovic, who won the first and fifth sets in a combined time of just 53 minutes. The hopes of a nation had rested on Tsonga, playing in the quarterfinals of his home event for the first time, but France's wait for a first male champion since Yannick Noah in 1983 must continue. Instead, Djokovic will have a day's rest before continuing his bid to match Australia's Rod Laver, who twice won all four grand slams in a calendar year -- as an amateur in 1962 and then as a professional at the start of the Open era in 1969. "I did what I said I would and gave everything. I came close and I would have loved to have won," said Tsonga, who had vowed before the match to "fight like a lion." "It's a shame because I was pretty close, but at the end I had no energy left. Now I will have to close this chapter," the 27-year-old added. Federer reached the last four at a major for a record-equaling 31st time as he came from two sets down to end the hopes of injury-hampered Juan Martin Del Potro. The Swiss third seed won 3-6 6-7 (4-7) 6-2 6-0 6-3 in a virtual repeat of their 2009 semifinal, when Federer went on to claim the Roland Garros crown for the first and only time in his illustrious career. Del Potro avenged that defeat by beating Federer in the 2009 U.S. Open final for his only major success, but this time the Argentine ninth seed could not maintain his ferocious opening momentum. "I knew Juan Martin's knee was bothering him and was trying to finish the rallies quickly," Federer said. "I knew it would be a big fight today." The other two quarterfinals will be played on Wednesday, when world No. 2 Rafael Nadal continues his bid for a record seventh title as he takes on fellow Spaniard Nicolas Almagro, the 12th seed. Britain's world No. 4 Andy Murray faces a big test of his hopes of winning his first grand slam as he lines up against sixth seed David Ferrer, who has won all of their three clay clashes.
highlights: Novak Djokovic saves four match-points to reach French Open semifinals . World No. 1 ends France's hopes of first male winner since 1983 . Serbian seeking to be first man since 1969 to hold all four grand slam titles . He will play 16-time grand slam champion Roger Federer in Friday's semi .
id: fc105d389298a0652cd3b247c61051fe50a7fae5
chatgpt: World No. 1 Novak Djokovic pulled off a remarkable comeback in the quarterfinals of the French Open on Tuesday, saving four match-points to defeat Frenchman Jo-Wilfried Tsonga in a thrilling five-set encounter that lasted over four hours. The Serbian ace seemed to be struggling early on, as Tsonga broke his serve to take the opening set 6-3. Djokovic struck back in the second, but Tsonga came out on top in a marathon third-set tiebreak to take control of the match. With the home crowd roaring him on, Tsonga looked poised to seal a famous victory when he held four match-points on Djokovic's serve with the score at 5-4 in the fourth set. But the World No. 1 dug deep, saving all four set-points before breaking Tsonga in the next game to force a deciding fifth set. In the end, it was Djokovic who prevailed, winning a tense final set 6-1 to secure his place in the semifinals of the tournament. The victory ended French hopes of a first male winner at the French Open since 1983, when Yannick Noah triumphed in front of his adoring home crowd. Djokovic, who is seeking to become the first man since 1969 to hold all four grand slam titles, will now face 16-time grand slam champion Roger Federer in Friday's semifinal. It promises to be a mouthwatering clash between two of the greatest players of all time. Speaking after his thrilling comeback win, Djokovic paid tribute to Tsonga and the passionate Parisian crowd, saying: "I was fortunate to save those four match-points, but credit to Jo-Willy, he played really well today. The atmosphere was electric out there, and it gave me the motivation to keep fighting until the end." He added: "Now I have a tough match against Roger coming up. We have played each other so many times over the years, and it's always a pleasure to face him. He's one of the legends of our sport, and I will have to be at my best if I want to win." Federer, for his part, eased into the semifinals with a comfortable straight-sets win over Japanese star Kei Nishikori. The Swiss maestro, who is making his return to the French Open after a three-year absence, looked in imperious form as he dispatched Nishikori 6-4, 6-2, 6-2. Speaking after the match, Federer said he was relishing the prospect of facing Djokovic in the next round, saying: "It's always great to play against Novak, especially in the later stages of a grand slam. He's a fantastic player, and I know I will have to play my best to beat him. "But I'm feeling good, and I'm enjoying being back here at Roland Garros. The crowds have been wonderful, and I feel like I'm playing some of my best tennis at the moment." Friday's semifinal promises to be one of the highlights of this year's French Open, as two of the greatest players in the history of the sport go head-to-head in search of a place in the final. It's a match that no tennis fan will want to miss.