article: Microsoft is considering releasing a free version of its Windows 8.1 software in a bid to persuade customers to upgrade to the latest versions. Reports claim a new version, called Windows with Bing, could be given away. The firm is also rumoured to be considering dropping the price or even giving away its Windows Phone software. The controversial 'Metro' interface for Windows, which confused many users. Microsoft is now considering going back to the normal desktop when users first switch on their machine. According to reports at The Verge, 'Microsoft is currently experimenting with a free version of Windows 8.1 that could boost the number of people using the operating system. 'Sources familiar with Microsoft’s plans tell The Verge that the company is building 'Windows 8.1 with Bing,' a version that will bundle key Microsoft apps and services,' the site claims. The firm has already made major changes to Windows 8 in a bid to make it more appealing to consumers. It is also believed to be planning to abandon its controversial 'tile' start screen and reverting to the classic windows desktop every time a user switches on their PC, it has been claimed. The latest test versions of Windows 8.1 released to developers have this option on by default. Microsoft was also last year forced to reinstate the start button to Windows 8 following customer complaints. According to Russian developer known only as Wzor , the latest version now starts in the desktop rather than Microsoft's tile system, called Metro. The Verge claims sources familiar with Microsoft’s plans have revealed to that the upcoming update for Windows 8.1 will enable this by default. Microsoft was last year forced to reinstate the start button to Windows 8 following customer complaints. 'Like many other changes in Update 1, we’re told the reason for the reversal is to improve the OS for keyboard and mouse users,' the site says. The firm hoped the system would make it easier for touchscreen users, and is the same across Microsoft's phones, tablets and PCs. However, many users were confused, and Microsoft recently reinstated the classic start menu on its desktop. ‘Let’s make it easier to start applications in the way we are used to,’ boss Steve Ballmer told its annual Build developer conference, to cheers from the audience. ‘We will bring back the start button, and you can boot straight to the desktop if you want to.’ ‘We have refined the blend of our desktop experience and our modern app experience.’ Ballmer also said the firm was not abandoning its start menu and said it was slowly beginning to attract app developers to Windows 8. ‘Within this month we’ll pass the 100,000 app mark in the Windows store,’ said Ballmer. Flipboard, Facebook and the NFL all revealed new apps. However, the latest rumours suggest Microsoft will allow these apps to run on the desktop.
highlights: Free version to be called 'Windows with Bing' Microsoft recently forced to reinstall start button after customer complaints . Free version could be announced in April at developer conference .
id: a076a9295dea66f5beb0c855a3a67e35ad49ef8d
chatgpt: Microsoft is set to launch a new free version of their operating system called 'Windows with Bing'. The move comes after the tech giant received backlash from customers over the removal of the start button on their Windows 8 platform.  The new free version of Windows is set to be announced at the company's annual developer conference which takes place in April. The decision to offer a free operating system is thought to be an attempt to compete with other companies such as Google who offer their Chrome operating system for free. Microsoft's decision to bring back the start button came after customers complained about the difficulty in navigating the Windows 8 platform without it. The start button was a staple feature of previous Windows operating systems but was absent in Windows 8, instead being replaced with a start screen.  Many users found this change difficult to get used to and felt that the start screen was an unnecessary addition that made navigating the system more complicated. Microsoft listened to these complaints and subsequently brought back the start button in a later update to the platform.  The introduction of 'Windows with Bing' is set to provide users with a free alternative to the popular Windows 8 operating system. The new version will be streamlined and feature a number of improvements to current functionalities. In addition to this, the new operating system will be bundled with Microsoft's Bing search engine, as the name suggests. The inclusion of Bing is an attempt to further integrate Microsoft's products and services into their operating system. The search engine will be set as the default option on Internet Explorer, Microsoft's web browser. This move will allow Microsoft to compete with companies such as Google who offer their own search engine as the default option on their Chrome web browser. The free version of Windows is also set to be a great boon for budget-conscious users who are looking for a cost-effective way to install and use the operating system. The decision to offer a free version of the platform will also help to combat the rise of piracy, which has long been a problem for Microsoft. Overall, the launch of 'Windows with Bing' is set to be a significant event for Microsoft and the wider technology industry as a whole. The inclusion of Bing and the return of the start button are both signs that the company is listening to its customers and attempting to offer a more user-friendly experience. The free version of the platform is also set to shake up the industry and change the way that users view and use operating systems. We look forward to seeing what Microsoft has in store for the future of its Windows platform.