article: A man who says he found a piece of 'space junk' from a Russian rocket that re-entered the atmosphere over Australia last week has tried to sell it online for $100,000. An advertisement for the globe-shaped object found on Sunday near Walgett in north-west NSW was posted on Gumtree by a man only known as Peter. The 13.4kg object was believed to be a fuel cell from a Russian rocket and was 40cm in diameter and made of titanium, according to the seller. Scroll down for video . Peter posted a photo of himself holding the globe-shaped object found on Sunday near Walgett in northern NSW on Gumtree for $100,000 . In the advertisement, which has since been removed from Gumtree, Peter said the space junk was found on the Castlereagh Highway, under the Pagan Creek bridge. A fireball spotted travelling over Australia last Thursday at 9.45pm was the third stage of the Soyuz rocket, which was launched from Kazakhstan on July 8. It plummeted to Earth at speeds of 29,000km/h. 'One of the valves is completely burnt off and has left some spectacular flow lines of melting titanium as it re-entered earth's atmosphere,' the Gumtree advertisement read. 'The second valve is still partially intact.' Peter believes the space junk is a fuel cell from a Russian rocket that re-entered the atmosphere over Australia last week . Professor of Planetary Science at Western Australia's Curtin University, Phil Bland, is one of several Australian researchers currently tracking the rocket's flight path. He told the ABC the item Peter was selling on Gumtree certainly looked like space debris, but doubted it was from the Russian rocket seen over Australia last week. 'You may get things scattered a little bit - say plus or minus a few kilometres - but there is no way it can move so far,' he said. Prof Bland said where the item was discovered was hundreds of kilometres east of the path of the re-entry.
highlights: Globe-shaped object was found near Walgett in northern NSW on Sunday . Man named Peter posted the advertisement online saying the 13.4kg object was space debris from Russian rocket . Fireball spotted travelling over Australia last Thursday at 9.45pm was the rocket re-entering atmosphere . Scientist tracking the rocket's flight path doesn't believe the item is from the same Russian rocket launched from Kazakhstan on July 8 .
id: e914108200ed3a7dc967a34a7bc2aca5dab18006
chatgpt: A mysterious globe-shaped object, weighing 13.4kg, has been discovered by a man named Peter in northern New South Wales. According to reports, the object was found on Sunday and is believed to be space debris from a Russian rocket.  The discovery of the object follows the sighting of a fireball that was seen traveling over the Australian sky last Thursday at 9.45 pm. According to scientists tracking the rocket, the fireball was the result of the Russian rocket re-entering the atmosphere.  In a post on a popular online classifieds website, Peter claimed that the object he had found was indeed space debris from the Russian rocket. However, scientists tracking the rocket's flight path have expressed doubts over the authenticity of the object. According to them, the item is unlikely to be from the same rocket that was launched from Kazakhstan on July 8.  The discovery of the object has caused a stir among space enthusiasts and scientists alike. Researchers are keen to analyze the object and determine its origin. They believe that the object may contain valuable information about the conditions in space and the effects of re-entry into the Earth's atmosphere.  In recent years, there has been a surge in the number of objects falling from space and landing on Earth. These objects, which are often referred to as "space debris," can pose a significant threat to the environment and human life. Scientists have been working to develop technologies to detect and track space debris, in order to minimize its impact on the planet.  The discovery of the object near Walgett is a reminder of the importance of monitoring space debris and ensuring that it does not pose a threat to Earth. As scientists continue to investigate the origin of the object, it is hoped that it will provide valuable insights into the workings of the universe and the impact of space debris on our planet.