article: Get all the latest Premier League, Football League and Scottish fixture news with Sportsmail as soon as it is announced on Wednesday at 09.00 BST . Premier League clubs will find out their schedules for next season on Wednesday as the fixtures for new 2014-15 are set to be announced at 9am (BST). Football League and Scottish League fixture lists will also be released at the same time - and you can read them here first, at MailOnline. Fans of newly-promoted Leicester, Burnley and QPR will be eager to find out when they will be facing the likes of Manchester United, Chelsea and Liverpool upon their return to the Premier League. Cardiff City, Fulham and Norwich City supporters, meanwhile, will finally be hit with the reality of life in the second tier as they learn their opening day Championship fate. Winners: Premier League champions Manchester City are set to find out their 2014-15 fixtures . Top flight: Leicester City have been led back into the big time for the first time in a decade by manager Nigel Pearson . Championship winners Leicester City are back in the top flight for the first time in a decade since their relegation in 2004, and Burnley are also returning following their demotion four years ago. Elsewhere, Brentford can look forward to games against the likes of Leeds United, Middlesbrough and Blackburn Rovers, following their return to the second tier for the first time in 21 years. And Fleetwood Town fans can look forward to the heady heights of fixtures in League One for the first time in their history. Further down the pyramid, Conference champions Luton Town are returning to the Football League for the first time since they were relegated from League Two in 2008-09 and Cambridge United are also returning for the first time since 2005. North of the border, Rangers have returned to the second tier following back to back promotions, and are set for fixtures against other fellow big-hitters Hearts and Hibernian, who were both relegated from the Scottish Premiership last season - and only two of the three can win promotion. New grounds: Fleetwood Town are preparing for life in the third tier for the first time in their history . Promoted: Luton Town are back in the Football League after five season in the Conference .
highlights: Premier League fixtures to be announced at 9am on Wednesday 18 June . Football League and Scottish League schedules also released . Leicester City, Burnley and QPR returning to the Premier League . Cardiff City, Fulham and Norwich City preparing for the Championship .
id: 3419d8eab8a5f29f42c2cb409f98770e57bd7419
chatgpt: Football fans across the UK eagerly await the announcement of the Premier League fixtures for the 2021-2022 season. The big reveal is set to take place at 9am on Wednesday 18 June. This year, fans will also get to see the schedules for the Football League and Scottish League. This is exciting news for fans of other leagues who are keen to plan their weekends and follow their favorite teams' progress.  Leicester City, Burnley, and Queens Park Rangers (QPR) are returning to the Premier League this season, and fans are excited to see how they will fare in the top-flight this time around. Leicester City, famously, clinched the title in the 2015-2016 season, defying all odds to become champions, while Burnley will be looking to build on their solid performances in recent seasons. QPR is another side looking to make an impact in the top-flight, after winning promotion from the Championship last season.  Cardiff City, Fulham, and Norwich City, on the other hand, have been relegated and will be preparing for life in the Championship. Cardiff City and Fulham, in particular, will be keen to make an immediate return to the Premier League after being relegated last season. Norwich City, however, will be looking to bounce back after suffering relegation for the second time in three seasons.  One of the most highly anticipated fixtures this season will be the Manchester derby between United and City, which is set to take place on October 23 at Old Trafford. The derby is always a highlight of the Premier League calendar, and fans of both sides will be eager to see their teams come out on top. Fans will also be keeping a close eye on Liverpool, who will be looking to bounce back after a difficult season that saw them finish outside of the top 4. Jurgen Klopp's side is expected to be one of the top contenders for the title this season, and fans will be eagerly anticipating their opening fixtures. The Premier League fixtures announcement is always an exciting time for football fans, whether you support a team in the top-flight or are a fan of a lower league side. It's a chance to plan your weekends and look forward to another season of exciting football. So mark your calendars - 9am on Wednesday 18 June is the big day!