article: Jerusalem (CNN) -- Israeli authorities said Tuesday they detained 240 illegal migrants as part of a controversial plan to deport some of the thousands of Africans who have flooded the country illegally in recent years. Another 300 illegal migrants volunteered Tuesday to return to their country of origin, Israel's immigration ministry said. All the migrants detained Tuesday are Sudanese. "We are sending the infiltrators, migrants, back to their homes like all countries in the West, in Europe, in the USA act when dealing with migrants," Interior Minister Eli Yishai said on Tuesday. "Israel is acting according to international law and international charters dealing with infiltrators and migrants that come into the country against the law," he said. "We are acting according to the same law as the United States and Europe." The issue of illegal African migrants has been of growing concern in the country in recent months. According to government records, more than 59,000 illegal African immigrants have entered the country in recent years through its southern border with Egypt. More than 2,000 new migrants have been reported over the past month. Some residents of southern Tel Aviv neighborhoods, where there is a large concentration of Africans, have blamed their new neighbors for increasing crime and suffocating the infrastructure and public services. Some also complain the illegal immigration is changing the fabric of Israel. Several hundred Sudanese immigrants rallied Sunday in Tel Aviv, demanding refugee status. Last week, an Israeli court approved a government plan to deport 1,500 African migrants. Many Israeli refugee agencies and officials are pushing against those plans and calling on the government to allow the immigrants to stay. Yishai said Israel is treating the detained migrants "with honor" but must return them to their country of origin. "We are dealing with a porous southern border opposite Africa," he said. "We have to close it, and we are closing it, and everyone who comes looking for work must be returned to their country and we are doing it in an honorable way. There is a grant to help the person in the first period that he returns to his country and his home." Most of the immigrants come from Eritrea, Sudan and South Sudan. Some of them have refugee status and hold temporary permits to remain in the country, but Israel does not recognize the status of most of them and says it is looking for ways to send them back to their home countries. CNN's Elise Labott and Michael Schwartz contributed to this report.
highlights: 240 illegal migrants are detained and 300 others volunteer to leave . The issue of illegal African migrants is of growing concern in Israel . The interior minister says the deportations are lawful .
id: d24c4334665570d539995342034660d2d74fcb02
chatgpt: In the latest crackdown on illegal immigration in Israel, authorities detained 240 migrants, while another 300 chose to voluntarily leave the country. The issue of illegal African migrants has been a growing concern in Israel for years, with the government taking a hardline stance to combat the influx. The Interior Minister, Arye Deri, defended the deportations, saying that they were lawful and necessary to maintain the country's security and stability. He added that the government will continue to enforce its immigration policies and ensure that those who enter the country illegally are dealt with accordingly. The detention and voluntary departure of the migrants comes as the government is working to implement a new policy aimed at forcibly deporting thousands of migrants who entered the country illegally. The policy has drawn widespread criticism from rights groups, who argue that it violates international law and puts migrants' lives at risk. Many of the migrants come from Eritrea and Sudan, two countries that are known for their political instability and human rights abuses. Most of them enter Israel by crossing the border with Egypt, a journey that is often perilous and fraught with danger. The Israeli government has faced criticism for its handling of the issue, with some accusing it of being too harsh and others arguing that it has not done enough to address the root causes of the problem. The government has said that it is working to address the issue in a comprehensive manner, but that it will not allow illegal immigration to threaten the country's security and stability. Despite the controversy surrounding the government's policies, many Israelis support the crackdown on illegal immigration. They argue that the country cannot absorb such a large number of migrants and that it must protect its borders from those who seek to enter illegally. The detention and voluntary departure of the migrants is likely to intensify the debate over Israel's immigration policy. The government will continue to face pressure from rights groups and other countries to change its approach, but it remains committed to its hardline stance. The issue is unlikely to be resolved anytime soon, and Israel will continue to grapple with the challenges posed by illegal immigration in the years to come.