article: (CNN) -- Facebook has weighed in on a practice by some businesses asking employees or job applicants for their passwords to the popular social-media site. In a nutshell? Facebook says don't do it unless you want to get sued. "This practice undermines the privacy expectations and the security of both the user and the user's friends," Erin Egan, the site's chief privacy officer, wrote Friday on the site's Facebook and Privacy Page. "It also potentially exposes the employer who seeks this access to unanticipated legal liability." Egan said that Facebook has seen a "distressing increase" in reports of job candidates being asked for their passwords over the past few months. She notes the practice violates not just the user's privacy but also that of his or her Facebook friends. It also might violate employment laws, according to the post. "(W)e don't think it's right the thing to do," she said. "But it also may cause problems for the employers that they are not anticipating. For example, if an employer sees on Facebook that someone is a member of a protected group (e.g. over a certain age, etc.) that employer may open themselves up to claims of discrimination if they don't hire that person." Earlier this week, the American Civil Liberties Union spoke out against the practice. The group said they've gotten multiple reports of people either being asked for their passwords or required to "friend" managers when they were applying for jobs. Robert Collins of the Baltimore area testified before the Maryland Legislature in February that he was trying to reapply for his corrections officer job after taking a leave of absence when he was told he needed to hand over his password to prove he had no gang affiliations. "I did not want to do it, but because I really needed my job and he implied that this was a condition of recertification, I reluctantly gave him the password," he told Maryland lawmakers, who are considering outlawing the practice. In her post, Egan said that Facebook will consider going to court if it hears of the practice continuing. "Facebook takes your privacy seriously," she wrote. " We'll take action to protect the privacy and security of our users, whether by engaging policymakers or, where appropriate, by initiating legal action, including by shutting down applications that abuse their privileges." It is already against Facebook's terms of service to share a password. "You will not share your password, (or in the case of developers, your secret key), let anyone else access your account, or do anything else that might jeopardize the security of your account," the agreement reads.
highlights: Facebook threatens possible legal action over employers seeking passwords . Privacy officer says site has seen "distressing increase" in employers doing so . Asking job candidates for their password violates Facebook's terms of service . The ACLU has spoken out against practice, and some states are considering action .
id: 1af9672d1dfcf2a90a923e105d8a3a9a650f257f
chatgpt: Social media giant Facebook is considering legal action against companies that demand job candidates to give their login credentials, enabling the employer to check their private postings. Facebook's privacy officer, Erin Egan, stated that the site has seen a "distressing increase" in such cases in recent weeks. The act of employers seeking the passwords of their candidates violates Facebook's terms of service, and the company is outraged by this infringement on its users' privacy rights. The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) has publicly condemned the practice of employers demanding access to job candidates' private Facebook postings, calling it a violation of privacy rights. Numerous states are also exploring additional measures to prevent such invasions of privacy by employers. For instance, Illinois and Maryland have passed legislation banning the practice of employers seeking access to job candidates' social media passwords. Some argue that this is a desperate and inappropriate measure by employers to extend their power over employees. It is an unacceptable encroachment on communication, information sharing, and the right to privacy. Furthermore, Facebook stated that people who share their login credentials, with their employers or anyone else, put themselves at risk, since they are giving unfettered access to their personal information and messages. Following such disclosure, the employer could use the login details to assume control of the user's account, leaving them vulnerable to fraudulent activities. This issue has created a widespread outcry and backlash, resulting in several states and organizations pressuring Facebook to tackle the problem. Many public figures, including politicians and human rights activists, have expressed their staunch disapproval of the practice, calling for Facebook to take legal action against companies that engage in this behavior. Facebook is warning employers that it is a serious violation of its platform rules and a breach of privacy rights to seek any such access to job seekers' social media accounts. Facebook is urging governments to create legislation explicitly prohibiting employers from demanding Facebook login credentials as an essential condition for employment. The social media giant is already pursuing legal action against two employers that they have found breached their platform policies regarding privacy. Facebook's spokesperson has confirmed that the company views this as a significant issue and encourages individuals experiencing such a demand to alert the company immediately. Overall, Facebook is taking a strong stance against companies who are infringing on the privacy rights of potential employees. The company is warning employers that cyber-stalking job candidates' social media accounts is unacceptable and has no place in the recruitment process. Facebook is calling on governments and lawmakers worldwide to act quickly and decisively to ban this shocking invasion of privacy.