article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 10:04 EST, 18 August 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 10:04 EST, 18 August 2012 . All those hours spent on the couch watching old episodes of Friends were not wasted after all, according to a new study. Watching reruns actually has a beneficial impact and can increase your self control, according to research from the University of Buffalo. Psychologists have long believed that people have limited amounts of impulse control are  more likely to give in to temptation later. Chide yourself for wasting time in front of the television, watching Friends reruns? Good news: It can be good for you . For example if you avoid sweets during the day you may succumb to having an unhealthy dinner later in the day. In order to stop this happening and to restore sense of self-control we need to boost be in a good mood, which is where re-watching favourite TV shows works. Psychologists say we think of these characters as friends or family. In the study, the results showed that people found it easier to maintain their . self-control if they had also been asked to describe a . favourite television show during experiments. The research saw participants taking part in essay writing . and word association experiments. Not just a lazy day: Watching a porgramme re-run can improve your self-control . Jaye Derrick, from the University of . Buffalo's Research Institute on Addictions, describes watching reruns as . providing 'social surrogate restoration.' In her article published in Social Psychological and Personality Science, Ms Derrick  says that while watching TV is . not the optimal way to boost your mood – physical exercise and reading . can have the same effect – it should not be dismissed. Media use can have unexpected psychological benefits,' she concludes. 'Television, movies and books can be more than leisure activities; in some cases, they fulfill needs, like restoring self-control, that people are reluctant or unable to fulfill through other means.'
highlights: Watching reruns can increase your self control according to research from the University of Buffalo .
id: 7ed7bcb9a39e39806c3e8482ec5656ea74428bfe
chatgpt: According to a recent study conducted by researchers at the University of Buffalo, watching reruns could have a positive effect on your self-control. The research suggests that activities that are repetitive and predictable, such as watching reruns or listening to familiar music, can help people regain self-control. The study, which was published in the Journal of Consumer Psychology, involved two experiments. In the first experiment, the researchers asked participants to complete a task that required them to exert self-control. Half of the participants were then asked to watch a rerun of a television show, while the other half were asked to watch a new episode. The researchers found that those who watched the rerun of the familiar show were better able to regain self-control than those who watched the new episode. The second experiment involved having participants listen to familiar music or new music while completing a task that required self-control. Similar to the first experiment, those who listened to the familiar music were better able to regain self-control than those who listened to the new music. The researchers suggest that watching reruns or listening to familiar music could help people conserve self-control resources by reducing the need for decision-making and reducing cognitive load. By having something that is familiar and predictable, our brains do not have to work as hard to process the information, allowing us to conserve self-control resources for other tasks. This research could have significant implications for individuals who struggle with self-control. By incorporating repetitive and predictable activities into their daily routines, individuals may be better able to regain self-control and resist temptations. However, it is important to note that this research should not be used as an excuse to binge-watch television or listen to the same music on repeat all day. Moderation is still key when it comes to self-control and managing our daily routines. Overall, the research from the University of Buffalo suggests that watching reruns can have benefits beyond just entertainment. By incorporating familiar, repetitive activities into our daily routines, we may be able to better manage our self-control and resist temptation.