article: It's the picture that has broken the internet over the last 24 hours... is the dress white and gold, or blue and black? Celebrities far and wide have had their say, and now it's the turn of the professional footballer. Manchester City midfielder Yaya Toure has weighed into the debate, in an Instagram video posted by the club's official account. This dress has sparked debate, with viewers disagreeing over the colour: blue and black, or white and gold? Manchester City midfielder Yaya Toure has weighed into the debate, claiming it is blue and black . Toure stormed off, but not before turning to shout his thoughts again to the presenter . What colour is the dress? What colour is the dress? Now share your opinion . 'It's blue and black?!,' the Manchester City midfielder exclaims, before the presenter retorts: 'It's white and gold.' Outraged, and perhaps echoing the thoughts of half the world, Toure says 'White and gold? How is it possible?', storming off. He turns again to shout his thoughts, but it's certainly a debate that has divided not just the nation, but further ashore too. Elsewhere at City, as shown in a video for the club's official YouTube channel CityTV, a number of the squad are divided, with Gael Clichy claiming that it's 'the big talk in the dressing room.' The former Arsenal defender is firmly in the black and blue camp, but revealed that David Silva and Samir Nasri had seen one combination, before changing their minds an hour later. Nasri, upon leaving the training ground on Friday, was asked his thoughts by the presenters, claiming 'now I see white and gold', while Pablo Zabaleta told the presenter to 'put some glasses on' when she disagreed with his view. Members of the Crystal Palace squad have also become embroiled in the debate, with midfielder James McArthur writing on Twitter: 'This colour of the dress picture is doing my head in. How can people see white and gold?', while striker Dwight Gayle claimed: 'This dress is starting to create a massive divide in the team. I'm adamant it's blue and black.' At Newcastle, the squad aren't sure. Rolando Arrons said: 'It's white and gold!! I'm tired of seeing this stupid dress', but Sammy Ameobi disagreed, claiming: 'This dress is black & blue right? Not white and gold!' Not one to involve himself in speculation, Carlton Cole is firm in his response: 'It don't matter if that dress is white/gold or black/blue its horrific anyway. Lol.' Elsewhere, pop sensations Justin Bieber and Taylor Swift have claimed it is blue and black, while the Sportsmail office is split 50/50. But what do you think...?
highlights: It's the dress that has broken the internet... but what colour is it? Manchester City midfielder Yaya Toure has weighed in with his view . In the video, the presenter disagrees with Toure and he storms off . Celebrities all around the world have had their say on social media .
id: c90ee60dd85439dbf9fe1216d55fb093a92b8838
chatgpt: The dress that broke the internet is still causing a stir, with everyone from celebrities to Manchester City midfielder Yaya Toure weighing in on its color. Is it blue and black or white and gold? The debate rages on. Recently, Toure was asked about the dress during an interview. He confidently stated that the dress was white and gold, which contradicted what the interviewer believed. The presenter disagreed with Toure, stating that the dress was clearly blue and black. Toure appeared frustrated with the presenter's statement and quickly ended the interview. This is not the first time that Toure has found himself in the headlines. The Manchester City midfielder is a well-known figure in the world of football who has gained a reputation for his outspoken opinions on a range of topics. Meanwhile, celebrities all over the world have also shared their opinions on the dress via social media. Popstar Taylor Swift posted a photo of the dress on her Instagram account, along with the caption "I don't understand this odd dress debate and I feel like it's a trick somehow. I'm confused and scared. PS it's OBVIOUSLY BLUE AND BLACK." Other celebrities, such as Kim Kardashian and Justin Bieber, have also weighed in on the debate. Kardashian jokingly tweeted that she saw "white and gold" but added that she was "conflicted" because her husband Kanye West saw "black and blue". Despite the wide-ranging opinions on social media, the true color of the dress remains a mystery. The matter has even attracted the attention of scientists, who have conducted experiments to try and solve the mystery. Some scientists believe that the way our eyes perceive color can be influenced by the lighting in the room or the background against which the dress is viewed. Others have suggested that the variation in people's perception might be due to differences in the number of rods and cones in their eyes. Regardless of the science behind the debate, it is clear that the dress has captured the attention of people all around the world. It has sparked countless conversations and even inspired memes and parodies. As for Toure's contribution to the debate, it remains to be seen whether he will change his mind about the true color of the dress. Despite the difference in opinion between Toure and the presenter, it seems that both parties have taken the matter in good humor.  Ultimately, the dress has proven to be a fascinating example of how something as simple as a piece of clothing can become a global phenomenon.