article: By . Tracey Blake . PUBLISHED: . 04:35 EST, 14 December 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 07:53 EST, 14 December 2012 . Morrissey has really got my goat today. What does a 53-year-old male, over-rated Eighties pop star know about morning sickness? How dare he say that, 'Kate Middleton was in the hospital, as far as I could see, for absolutely no reason'. The Smiths' frontman Morrissey, left, said no blame had been placed the Duchess of Cambridge, right, for the death of nurse Jacintha Saldanha, an accusation Tracey Blake finds 'despicable' Does he not believe that feeling constantly nauseous and being unable to hold down food or water is quite bad for your health? Has he got a medical degree that we are unaware of and does he dispute that such a condition as hyperemesis gravidarum exists? Perhaps he'd like to try enduring chronic flu-like conditions - I imagine this pampered pop star would be calling the emergency services before you know it. Even more shockingly, he appears to be trying to blame Kate for the death of nurse Jacintha Saldanha, who put the hoax call through at the hospital where Kate was receiving treatment. This is despicable. Prince William and his pregnant wife Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge, leave the King Edward VII hospital on 6 December . Poor Kate is in the fragile early stages of pregnancy and was forced to announce it when she fell ill and felt there would be too much speculation if she remained silent, she doesn't need idiots like Morrissey wading in with accusations that are likely to raise her stress levels even further. Let's not forget that this is man who has form for  piddling on people's bonfires. Earlier this year, while we were all caught up in Olympic pride and joy, he slammed the ‘blustering jingoism' of London 2012 and even compared the support of athletes to Nazi Germany in the late 1930s. The Manchester-born star said, 'I am unable to watch the Olympics due to the blustering jingoism that drenches the event. The spirit of 1939 Germany now pervades throughout media-brand Britain.' Benedict Barboza, the widower of nurse Jacintha Saldanha - who was involved in a hoax call concerning the Duchess of Cambridge at King Edward VII hospital - wiith their children Lisha, 14, and Junal, 17 . Clearly the man has a very warped perception of the world. But it also smacks of a desperate clamoring for headlines, a conscious decision to court controversy. I am faintly proud that I have disliked him and his faux whacky, attention-grabbing efforts since his Eighties heyday.  When I was about eight years old I saw him dancing around the Top of the Pops stage with plants sticking out of his trousers - I immediately dismissed him as weirdo who wasn't worth listening to. I only hope that Kate can take a similar attitude. Read Tracey's baby blog at http://blakesmalltalkblog.dailymail.co.uk/ . Follow Tracey on Twitter @Smalltalktime .
highlights: Smiths' singer criticised Duchess over suicide of Jacintha Saldanha . Mrs Saldanha was caught up in the hoax call at King Edward VII hospital . Prank call was made by two Australian radio DJs .
id: dc78c1a3cb0c96a6067528495f4cb7eb49b2c669
chatgpt: The lead singer of the band 'The Smiths', Morrissey, has voiced his criticism of the Duchess of Cambridge in relation to the tragic suicide of Jacintha Saldanha. Mrs Saldanha was a nurse at the King Edward VII hospital in London, where the Duchess was receiving treatment during her pregnancy. After receiving a prank call from two Australian radio DJs posing as members of the royal family, Mrs Saldanha transferred the call to another nurse who revealed private information about the Duchess. Morrissey made his comments during a concert in Los Angeles, stating that the Duchess of Cambridge feels "no shame" over Mrs Saldanha's suicide. He also criticized the hospital for not providing adequate support to Mrs Saldanha following the incident. The prank call made by Mel Greig and Michael Christian caused widespread outrage and sparked a debate over the ethics of media pranks. The ensuing media attention placed a significant amount of pressure on Mrs Saldanha, who it appears was struggling with mental health issues prior to the prank call. She tragically took her own life a few days after the incident. The Royal Family expressed their condolences to Mrs Saldanha's family, with Prince William personally offering his sympathy. The Duchess of Cambridge has not made any public comments about the incident. The hospital acknowledged that Mrs Saldanha had been the victim of a "cruel hoax" and launched an investigation into the incident. Both Greig and Christian were suspended from their radio show and later resigned. Morrissey's comments have been met with mixed reactions, with many criticizing the singer for using the tragedy to make a political statement. However, others have praised him for raising awareness of the issue and calling for greater support for those in the healthcare profession who are placed under immense pressure. The incident has highlighted the potential dangers of media pranks and the importance of mental health support in the workplace. The aftermath of the prank call also led to increased scrutiny of the media and their role in invading people's privacy. In conclusion, the tragic suicide of Jacintha Saldanha following the prank call made by two Australian radio DJs has sparked widespread debate and raised important issues about media ethics and mental health support in the workplace. Morrissey's controversial comments have intensified the discussion, but regardless of individual opinions, it is clear that this tragedy has had a significant impact on all those involved.