article: By . Jessica Jerreat . PUBLISHED: . 17:33 EST, 3 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 17:44 EST, 3 December 2013 . A waiter was cheated out of a tip on Saturday after serving a group of Alabama football fans who appeared to be in a sour mood after their team lost. Instead of leaving a tip on the $20.25 bill at a Tennessee wing restaurant, the customer scrawled Alabama's motto 'Roll Tide' in the gratuity box and berated the waiter for being 'proud' of Auburn. Forrest Swan, a 22-year-old university student, said he hadn't realized the customers were Alabama fans and was just making small talk when he commented on the game. But his comment touched a nerve with the guests, with one of them writing: 'Don't talk about being proud of Auburn to an Alabama fan. There's your tip!' The 22-year-old, who was working a double shift at the restaurant, told Busted Coverage the group was made up of two men and a woman in their early 20s. 'They weren’t even wearing any Alabama stuff or anything that would tell me they were Alabama fans,' he said. When a friend tweeted a picture of the receipt, some people cast doubt on its authenticity, but Mr Swan and Vaughan Crittenden, who posted it online yesterday, confirmed it was real. Dramatic finale: Auburn run out of the end zone and away from a tackle by Alabama at Saturday's Iron Bowl . Mr Swan, who supports Virginia Tech, said he was just making small talk with the customers and had said Auburn deserved to win after the last-second touchdown in the Iron Ball. 'I just walked away. I wasn’t even talking s***, like "Alabama sucks" or "you guys lost",' he said. According to Busted Coverage, the customer contacted the restaurant later to say that he had tried to leave a $4 tip but that it hadn't gone through.
highlights: University student shocked as customer takes out Iron Bowl loss on him . 22-year-old doesn't back either team and was just making small talk .
id: c9994aca818c8ba52eff6a8eeb44c8748e2297b0
chatgpt: A university student in Auburn, Alabama was left shocked after a customer took out their anger over the Iron Bowl loss on him. The 22-year-old, who has stated that he does not support either team, was simply making small talk with the customer when he was met with an unexpected outburst. The Iron Bowl, which is an annual American college football rivalry game played between the Auburn Tigers and the Alabama Crimson Tide, took place on Saturday, November 28th. The matchup has long been a source of intense competition and rivalry between the two teams. According to the student, he was simply trying to make conversation with the customer when he asked him about the results of the Iron Bowl. The customer, who was clearly upset by the loss of their team, began to take out their frustrations on the unsuspecting student. The incident has sparked outrage on social media, with many expressing their shock and disbelief at the customer's behavior. Some have even called for action to be taken against the person responsible for the outburst. In response to the incident, Auburn University issued a statement condemning any form of harassment or violent behavior towards its students. "We take incidents like this very seriously and will not tolerate any form of harassment or violent behavior towards our students. We are working with local law enforcement to ensure the safety of all of our students and to bring the person responsible for this incident to justice." The student involved in the incident has also spoken out, stating that he hopes this situation can serve as a lesson for others. "I think it's important for people to realize that their words and actions can have a real impact on others. We should all strive to be kind and respectful towards one another, regardless of our differences." The incident serves as a reminder of the intense emotions and rivalries that can arise from sports, and the importance of maintaining civility and respect towards others, even in the face of disappointment or frustration.