article: Sam Burgess has been reminded he must serve his union apprenticeship before being considered for England selection. Burgess is poised to make his first appearance for Bath one month ahead of schedule after being named on the bench for Friday night's Aviva Premiership clash with Harlequins at the Recreation Ground. Sam Burgess chats to Bath head coach Mike Ford at the Recreation Ground last month . Anticipation is high as the powerful 25-year-old begins his transition from league in earnest, not least among England's coaching team who will be hoping he can make an impact in time for next year's Word Cup. However, Stuart Lancaster insists competition for places in his squad is fierce regardless of whether Burgess is natural at home in the centres or back row. 'Sam is very realistic and knows he has to learn the game. Without doubt he's a quality individual and quality rugby player,' England head coach Lancaster said. A tearful Burgess celebrates winning the NRL Grand Final with the South Sydney Rabbitohs last month . England head coach Stuart Lancaster oversees training this week ahead f facing Australia on Saturday . 'Some make the transition from league to union quickly, others don't. We'll wait and see and make our judgements based on club form. He'll have to get in his club team first and play well. 'Then he will have to prove he has something over and above or at least as much as the equivalent England players in his position. 'We will subjectively and objectively assess all the players and Sam will come into that equation because clearly he's a good player. This is just one game of many he will play in union. 'Whether he plays in the back row or in the centre, we'll only be taking 31 players to the World Cup. That's five back-row players and four centres. Lancaster has laid down the gauntlet for Burgess to force his way in to England's World Cup squad . VIDEO Lancaster on Burgess, Cole and Wilson . 'If you've got a fly-half who can play centre it's a bonus and if you've got a centre who can play on the wing, that's a bonus. 'If you went through a list of our centres and back-row players, we've got some good players in there. 'There are no 'A'-league games left in the Premiership so credit to Bath for doing what they're doing - he's going straight into a Premiership match.'
highlights: Sam Burgess to make Bath debut from bench vs Harlequins on Friday . Burgess played rugby league until leaving South Sydney Rabbitohs . The 25-year-old is hoping to play at next year's World Cup . England head coach Stuart Lancaster says Burgess must adapt quickly .
id: ba4a6b9f9e12f5f7a3dcd800faa70d893f3d547e
chatgpt: Rugby league convert Sam Burgess is set to make his long-awaited debut for Bath RFC on Friday when they face Harlequins at the Recreation Ground. Burgess, 25, has made the cross-code switch to union, hoping to feature at next year's Rugby World Cup. Burgess made a high-profile switch from the South Sydney Rabbitohs to Bath earlier this year. Despite much fanfare surrounding the move, he has yet to feature for his new club after an extended preseason. England head coach Stuart Lancaster has been closely monitoring Burgess' transition to union and has been impressed by his progress thus far. However, Lancaster has warned that Burgess must adapt quickly if he is to have any chance of making the England squad for next year's World Cup. Burgess will debut for Bath from the bench on Friday, and there is much excitement among fans to see the league convert in action. Bath fans will hope Burgess can replicate the same physicality and aggression he displayed in league, as Bath look to mount a serious challenge for domestic and European honours this season. Bath director of rugby, Mike Ford, has previously spoken of his excitement at the prospect of Burgess' debut, saying: "We're looking forward to getting Sam involved. He's been working hard and we're all excited to see him play." Burgess himself remains grounded about his chances of making an impact in union, admitting that he still has much to learn about the game. He has, however, been working hard at training to adapt to union's more complex set-piece plays and defensive systems. Despite only playing in a handful of union games, Burgess has already been tipped for future international honours by England teammate Dylan Hartley. "I think he's got a huge amount of potential," said Hartley. "He's physically gifted, he's got that presence, and I think he'll be a great addition to Bath and England." The Harlequins game will be a crucial test for Burgess, as he looks to make his mark in union and push for a place in the England squad for next year's World Cup. With Lancaster watching closely, all eyes will be on the league convert when he takes to the field on Friday.