article: By . Harriet Arkell . PUBLISHED: . 07:47 EST, 13 August 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 15:01 EST, 13 August 2013 . A man who wandered drunkenly into a shipping crate thinking it was his hotel woke up to find he'd been sealed in ready for a two-week journey to Los Angeles. Jiang Wu had been enjoying a night out in Qingdao, Shandong province, when he thought it was time to return to his B&B for the night. After one too many, he staggered into what he believed to be his lodgings and fell fast asleep, only to wake up the next day and realise his mistake. Scroll down for video . Jiang Wu, pictured with phone, came round from a big night out to find himself sealed into this shipping crate . Mr Wu was discovered in a sealed crate stacked 60ft in the air ready for a two-week container trip to the U.S. Mr Wu had walked into one of thousands of identical 60ft-long metal crates, all of which had been sealed while he slept ready for loading onto a container ship. One hour before the ship was due to sail on a two-week, 11,000-mile trip across the Pacific, and no doubt nursing a hangover, Mr Wu pulled out his telephone and rang everyone he knew, as well as the police, to ask for help in getting out. A police spokesman said: 'The container was sealed and he couldn't get out so he called everyone he knew for help and called us too. 'His problem was, though, that he couldn't tell us which container he was in and there were thousands of them stacked on top of each other.' Eventually Mr Wu was tracked down to a container stacked 60ft in the air by hammering on its metal side as people searched the docks. A dock worker said: 'He's very lucky. If he'd been asleep for another hour the next stop would have been America.' Video source YouKu . Lucky escape: Mr Wu was rescued by police just one hour before the ship was due to sail for America . Have you got any painkillers? Mr Wu was given water after he was rescued from his night sleeping in a crate .
highlights: Jiang Wu woke up after big night to find himself in sealed crate 60ft up . He'd thought it was his digs after big night in Qingdao, eastern China . Couldn't get out so rang police from crate - avoiding two-week trip to US .
id: 040bb01a3426a41ce5a415b8aef7f45e97770f1e
chatgpt: In an unexpected turn of events, a man named Jiang Wu woke up to find himself trapped inside a sealed crate 60 feet above ground level in Qingdao, eastern China. Wu had been out for a big night of partying and had thought that he had made his way back to his living quarters. To his surprise, he had unknowingly stumbled into the wrong location and ended up in the crate instead.  Feeling trapped and helpless, Wu made the decision to contact local authorities for assistance. His call to the police was critical to his safe rescue, as he could have been forced to endure a two-week trip to the United States due to the crate's intended destination.  Authorities arrived on the scene and were quickly able to locate Wu and remove him from his confinement. His experience brought attention to the dangers of excessive alcohol consumption and the importance of not losing track of one's surroundings.  Local residents were shocked by the news and expressed their concern for Wu's well-being. Some even questioned how someone could accidentally end up in a crate without realizing it.  The incident has sparked an investigation into the location where Wu was found and the details surrounding his unexpected confinement. The police are working to determine if foul play was involved and if there are any additional victims in this strange case.  As for Jiang Wu, he is grateful to the authorities that rescued him and is resting comfortably after his traumatic experience. While he may have woken up in an unexpected location following his big night out, he was fortunate to have the presence of mind to contact the police for assistance.  In an age where safety is of utmost importance, this story serves as a reminder that we must always be aware of our surroundings and take precautions to ensure our well-being. No one should have to endure the fear and isolation of being trapped, regardless of the circumstances.