article: Flight 666 to 'HEL' on Friday the 13th ought to be virtually empty with superstitious travellers quietly booking the next flight. But passengers on AY666 to Helsinki in Finland appeared not to be too concerned as the plane was almost full when it took off from Copenhagen today. Even pilots on board the Airbus were sharing a joke about the unlucky numbers. Friday the 13th: Flight AY666 to Helsinki in Finland from Copenhagen was almost full today . 'It has been quite a joke among the pilots,' said pilot Juha-Pekka Keidasto before flying the Airbus A320 from Copenhagen in Denmark to Helsinki. 'I'm not a superstitious man. It's only a coincidence for me.' The daily flight AY666 from Copenhagen to Helsinki falls on Friday the 13th twice in 2013. While Friday the 13th is considered bad luck in many countries, and the number 666 also has strong negative biblical associations, fears attached to number 13 go back only about 100 years in the North. Pure HEL? The Finnish capital of Helsinki in high season . Some airlines, such as Scandinavian Airlines, do take such fears 13 seriously. The airline does not have a row 13 on board. Meanwhile, Finnair and other regional carriers such as Norwegian and Estonian Air keep the 'unlucky' row 13. The number 13 said to represent disorder: There were 12 apostles in the Bible and there are 12 hours in a day, and 12 months in the calendar. But passengers on flight 666 to 'HEL' should have had a calm flight over the Baltic at this time of year. 'It's hopefully smooth skies,' Keidasto said on Guardian online. 'And if there's some passenger who is anxious about this 666, our cabin crew is always happy to help them.' The flight later landed safely.
highlights: Passengers on AY666 to Helsinki in . Finland not  too concerned - the plane was almost full . The daily flight AY666 from Copenhagen to Helsinki falls on Friday the 13th twice in 2013 . Friday the 13th is regarded bad . luck in many countries, but relatively new phenomenon in the North .
id: 0222e649a6eb58cd6584ab2738818a4679144538
chatgpt: Passengers on board AY666 to Helsinki were not too concerned despite the fact that their flight was scheduled on Friday the 13th. The daily flight from Copenhagen to Helsinki falls on this superstitious day twice in the year 2013. While Friday the 13th is regarded as bad luck in many countries around the world, it is a relatively new phenomenon in the Northern countries. The flight, operated by Finnish airline Finnair, was almost full with passengers of different nationalities. Some were aware of the superstitions surrounding Friday the 13th, while others shrugged it off as a mere coincidence. “I honestly don’t believe in superstitions. Nothing bad will happen, and we will arrive safely in Helsinki,” said John, a Danish businessman who was flying to attend a conference in Helsinki. Others, however, joked about the coincidence and posted selfies on social media with hashtags like #Fridaythe13th, #Flight666, and #Bringiton. Flight AY666, which is also referred to as the “devil’s flight,” has been a topic of media attention and superstition for years, especially since it falls on Friday the 13th. Interestingly, the flight has been flying for over a decade without any incidents. Finnair has not made any attempts to change the flight number, despite requests from superstitious passengers. The airline also does not find any bad luck associated with the flight, and considers it just like any other flight. “Finnair has operated the AY666 flight for over a decade, and we have never experienced any issues related to the flight number. We are proud to be flying our customers to their destinations safely and efficiently,” said a Finnair spokesperson. In conclusion, passengers on board AY666 to Helsinki did not allow superstitions to stand in the way of their travel plans. While Friday the 13th may be regarded as bad luck in many parts of the world, it is a relatively new phenomenon in the North, and Finnair continues to operate the flight without any issues or concerns.