article: WASHINGTON (CNN) -- President Barack Obama claimed the second major legislative victory of his young administration Wednesday, signing a bill to provide federally funded health care to an estimated 4 million children. President Obama says the SCHIP bill is a downpayment on his "commitment to cover every single American." The final version of the new law, which expands the State Children's Health Insurance Program (SCHIP) by roughly $35 billion over the next five years, passed a sharply polarized House of Representatives earlier in the day, with almost every Democrat voting in favor of the expansion and most Republicans opposing it. With the bill, Obama said at a White House ceremony, "We fulfill one of the highest responsibilities that we have -- to ensure the health and well-being of our nation's children." The president said the bill was a downpayment on his "commitment to cover every single American." The SCHIP expansion is Obama's second major legislative win in less than a week. The first was Thursday's approval of the Lilly Ledbetter Pay Equity Act, which makes it easier to sue employers for wage-based discrimination.  Learn more about the SCHIP program » . The expansion is also a sign of the strength of Washington's new Democratic majority. Former President George W. Bush vetoed two similar health care bills in 2007, arguing that the legislation would encourage families to leave the private insurance market for the federally funded, state-run program. Before the bill's passage, SCHIP covered almost 7 million children whose parents earn too much to qualify for Medicaid -- the federal health insurance program for the poor -- but who can't afford private insurance. The new law boosts total SCHIP funding to approximately $60 billion. The expanded program will be financed with a 62-cent-per-pack increase in the federal tax on cigarettes. "This is a day worthy of celebration. There can be no greater cause ... than protecting the well-being of our nation's children," New Jersey Rep. Frank Pallone, the legislation's primary House author, said shortly before the bill's final passage on a 290-135 vote. Passing the health program's expansion is "morally the right thing to do by our children," said freshman Rep. Tom Perriello, D-Virginia. "At a time when the cost of health care is crushing America's families ... this is an important lifeline." Opponents of the legislation argued that, among other things, it will allow undocumented immigrants to illegally access taxpayer-financed health care, and is insufficiently funded. "This will go out of control just like all the other [entitlement] programs have, and our children will pay," Rep. Jack Linder, R-Georgia, warned during the House debate Wednesday. Rep. Steve King, R-Iowa, ripped the bill as a "foundation stone for socialized medicine in the United States," arguing that raising the income limit for SCHIP eligibility will serve as the basis for a massive expansion of government-run health care. The Senate passed the expansion Friday in a 66-32 vote. All those voting against the bill were Republicans, though nine Republicans voted in favor of the measure.
highlights: NEW: President Obama signs State Children's Health Insurance Program into law . House approves the bill in vote that falls largely along party lines . SCHIP passed the Senate last week . SCHIP makes additional 4 million kids eligible for federally funded health insurance .
id: 642ef9066835ec36bc2bca620b4cee571fe8d1ff
chatgpt: President Barack Obama has signed the reauthorization of the State Children's Health Insurance Program (SCHIP) into law. The victory for the Obama administration comes after the House passed the bill in a vote that fell largely along party lines. The reauthorization of SCHIP received strong support from Democrats and was opposed by Republicans. The bill passed in the Senate last week and will make an additional four million children eligible for federally funded health insurance. According to the Congressional Budget Office, the program will cost $32.3 billion over the next five years. President Obama praised the passage of the bill saying that "health care is a right not a privilege," and that the reauthorization of SCHIP will provide insurance to millions of children who are currently uninsured. He also thanked members of Congress for their support of the bill. The SCHIP program, which was first created in 1997, provides health insurance coverage to low-income children who are not covered by private insurance or Medicaid. The program is funded by both the federal government and individual states. The reauthorization of SCHIP has been highly debated by lawmakers for several months. The bill was originally vetoed by former President George W. Bush in 2007, but was later signed into law by President Obama in 2009. The current reauthorization was set to expire in September but was extended until December 31st, 2020. Supporters of the SCHIP program argue that it is crucial for the health and well-being of low-income children. They argue that without the program, many children would not receive necessary medical care, and that SCHIP helps to ensure that children do not fall through the cracks of the healthcare system. Critics of the program argue that it is an unnecessary expansion of government and that it will lead to higher taxes for Americans. They also argue that the program will discourage families from purchasing private health insurance, and that it is a step towards a government-run healthcare system. Despite the opposition, the reauthorization of SCHIP passed both the House and Senate with strong support from Democrats. Republicans, however, were largely opposed to the bill, arguing that it will increase government spending and discourage private insurance. The signing of the SCHIP reauthorization is a significant victory for the Obama administration, which has made expanding access to healthcare a top priority. With the program now reauthorized, millions of low-income children across the country will have access to federally funded health insurance, ensuring that they receive the medical care they need to live healthy, productive lives. In conclusion, the reauthorization of the State Children's Health Insurance Program (SCHIP) has been signed into law by President Barack Obama. The bill was passed by the House in a largely party-line vote and had previously passed the Senate. Critics have voiced concerns over the expansion of government and higher taxes, while supporters have welcomed the extension of the program to provide coverage for an additional four million children. The program is seen as a significant win for President Obama's health care agenda, ensuring that low-income children have access to needed medical care.