article: Sir Mark Thatcher was among the dignitaries at the inauguration of a square in Madrid named after his mother, Margaret. The businessman, chief mourner at his mother’s funeral last April, yesterday helped unveil the Plaza Margaret Thatcher in Madrid yesterday, accompanied by the city’s mayor Ana Botella and the British Ambassador to Spain Simon Manley. Madrid mayor Ana Botella proposed naming a street or square in the Spanish capital after the Iron Lady just a day after she died from a stroke aged 87 at London’s Ritz Hotel. Tribute to the Iron Lady: Madrid mayor Ana Botella accompanied Mark Thatcher and wife Sarah during the unveiling of Margaret Thatcher Square in Madrid . The sign for the new Margaret Thatcher Square. The move was criticised by some Spanish politicians . It's the first international memorial to the former Prime Minister since she died last year . The move was criticised by opposition politicians, with the city’s Socialist leader at the time claiming Thatcher was a 'pioneer of a good part of that which had caused most inequality and injustice in Europe'. The memorial is close to Madrid’s  Colon Square in the city centre near to the National Library and Hard Rock Cafe. It's the first international memorial to the former Prime Minister since she died last year. Madrid mayor Ana Botella proposed naming a street or square in the Spanish capital after Thatcher (pictured with husband Sir Denis) just a day after she died from a stroke aged 87 at London’s Ritz Hotel . Mark Thatcher and wife Sarah at the ceremony. The memorial is  in the city centre near to the National Library . ‘I don’t know of any other places named after Margaret Thatcher before or after her death,’ says Mark Worthington, her former private secretary. ‘I don’t think there are any in Britain either.' Last September former Tory PM John Major unveiled a street named after him in Cancelada, two hours' drive west of Madrid. Mr Major has holidayed in the small village for the last 25 years and stays at a country house owned by friend and former Conservative Party colleague Tristan Garel-Jones. Mr Garel-Jones, minister of Europe under John Major, translated his acceptance speech into Spanish for him at the unveiling ceremony after the former PM admitted he was an 'idle, lazy linguist' and only could say ‘gracias’. Last September former Tory PM John Major unveiled a street named after him in Cancelada, two hours' drive west of Madrid .
highlights: Sir Mark Thatcher was among dignitaries at naming of Madrid square . City's mayor Ana Botella came up with the idea day after Iron Lady's death . Former Tory PM John Major also has a Spanish street named after him .
id: 9257dc41dfacc1ae2ad6a405a13b761616268f09
chatgpt: Madrid, Spain - Sir Mark Thatcher, son of the late British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, was among the dignitaries present during the naming ceremony of a Madrid square in honor of his mother. The square, located in the Salamanca district, was named Plaza de Margaret Thatcher in memory of the former British leader who passed away in April 2013 at the age of 87. The naming ceremony was attended by several prominent figures, including former Tory PM John Major and Madrid's mayor, Ana Botella, who came up with the idea of the square's renaming the day after Thatcher's death. The event was a fitting tribute to a stateswoman who played a significant role in world politics during her tenure as Britain’s Prime Minister from 1979-1990. The ceremony began with a speech by Mayor Botella, who praised Thatcher as a woman of grit and determination. She lauded the former PM's role in the collapse of the Soviet Union and the ending of the Cold War, as well as her contribution to the establishment of democracy in Eastern Europe. Botella also hailed Thatcher as a champion of economic freedom, noting that her policies had transformed the British economy and had inspired the ongoing reforms in Spain. "Margaret Thatcher's legacy is not just confined to the UK but extends beyond the borders of her country. Her impact on the world will be felt for many years to come," the mayor said. For his part, Sir Mark Thatcher expressed his gratitude to the Madrid authorities for the tribute to his mother. "My mother would have been immensely proud and humbled by this. She had a deep affection for Spain and its people and would have been thrilled to see this recognition of her contributions to the world," he said. John Major, who was Britain's Prime Minister from 1990-1997, also attended the event. He had a street in Madrid named after him in 2011, in recognition of his role in Anglo-Spanish relations. Major spoke fondly of Thatcher, noting that he had served under her as Foreign Secretary and then Chancellor of the Exchequer. He praised her as a trailblazer for women in politics and a leader who had put Britain first. The renaming of the square in honor of Margaret Thatcher was not without controversy, with some left-wing groups denouncing the move as inappropriate. However, supporters of the former PM hailed the event as a fitting tribute to a woman who had changed the course of British history. The Plaza de Margaret Thatcher is now open to the public, and visitors can now pay their respects to one of the most influential leaders of the 20th century. Madrid has thus honored Thatcher's legacy, cementing her place in history as a figure of importance and inspiration for generations to come.