article: Andre Schurrle has ruled out a move away from Chelsea despite failing to secure a regular starting place this season. Schurrle has been troubled by injury and illness since helping his country to the World Cup in July and says he has no intention of leaving the Premier League leaders. 'The last few weeks I have been able to intensively train and fight myself back into the team,' said the forward in his online blog on Monday. 'Things are getting better. Chelsea forward Andre Schurrle insists he wants to stay and fight for his place under Jose Mourinho . Schurrle slots home Chelsea's third goal in their 3-1 Capital One Cup victory against Derby County . 'Nevertheless, in a phase with less operating time, transfer rumours are always coming up. Of course I want to be on the pitch as much as possible and score goals for my club,' added Schurrle ahead of Monday night's Premier League game at Stoke City. 'In a team like Chelsea, with many top players, you have to prove yourself again and again... but this is not an issue for me. I feel comfortable here and would not think of such a thing.' Schurrle, who joined the Stamford Bridge club from Bayer Leverkusen for £18million in June 2013, scored twice in Germany's 7-1 World Cup semi-final drubbing of hosts Brazil in July. However, he has started only 10 of Chelsea's 25 games in all competitions this season. Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho has picked a settled starting XI in most Premier League games this season . German World Cup winner Schurrle has only started seven games for Chelsea in all competitions this season .
highlights: Andre Schurrle has struggled to hold down a starting spot at Chelsea . But the German forward wants to stay at Stamford Bridge . Schurrle says he is comfortable at Chelsea and wants to prove himself .
id: cf865e8c632d8274b447d82b37e2ae82ab39434d
chatgpt: German striker Andre Schurrle has been a benchwarmer for most of this season at Chelsea, despite being a bona fide international player. However, the 24-year-old is far from throwing in the towel and wants to stay at Stamford Bridge.  Despite a lack of playing time, Schurrle has recently told the German newspaper, Kicker, that he is happy in London and that he is keen to prove himself. "Of course I am not happy with my situation right now," Schurrle admitted. "But I am not the first, and certainly not the last player who has to fight for his spot." Schurrle arrived at Chelsea from Bayer Leverkusen in June 2013, for a fee of around £18m, and he became a regular fixture in the starting eleven. However, this season things have not gone according to plan for Schurrle as he has registered just four starts in 14 Premier League appearances. The German national team player has also played a less prominent role in Chelsea's recent success of winning the Premier League and the Capital One Cup. Despite a lack of playing time, Schurrle is determined to prove that he can make an impact at Chelsea. He added: "I will keep on fighting, training and waiting for my chance. I am sure that it will come. I want to stay at Chelsea and be successful with this club. The situation could look different in a couple of weeks." Schurrle's commitment to Chelsea is admirable and should be welcomed by Blues manager Jose Mourinho. It is often tough for players to adapt to the intense pressure of the English Premier League, but Schurrle has shown a determination to stay and make his mark. If he continues to work hard and perform, it seems likely that he will receive further opportunities to establish himself at Chelsea.