article: A Las Vegas magician is going out of his way to help one very deserving man in need. Rob Anderson filmed a video earlier this month where he approached homeless veteran Alan McCracken, shockingly tearing up the man's sign asking for help, but then somehow producing wads of cash for the man, a U.S. Army veteran who served for six years before an honorable discharge. And now, he wants to do more. Scroll down for video . For my next trick: Rob Anderon (right) has started a campaign to raise money for homeless veteran Alan McCracken (left) Good man in need: Anderson hopes to raise $15,000 to get McCracken a hotel room for three months so he can work on finding a job . Anderson, after seeing how positive McCracken was, has started a campaign to raise $15,000 so he can get the vet off the streets and into a hotel for three months. The money will also cover new clothes, living expenses, and setting up a bank account for McCracken. 'Alan is just as kind in person as he appears in the video,' Anderson says on his GoFundMe page. 'He can often be seen in downtown Las Vegas with a large sign that says SMILE, just trying to bring a smile to strangers' faces, even if they don't give him any money. If there's anyone who would be deserving of assistance to get back on their feet, it is Alan McCracken.' Already, Anderson has almost reached his goal, and there is more good news as McCracken has found a place to stay in the interim. 'Alan has been able to get assistance in temporarily getting off the streets through the VA here in Las Vegas,' Anderson announced earlier today. 'He is currently sleeping on a bunk bed in a room with 3 other veterans, and has his meals and other basic necessities provided by the VA. When I spoke with him, he had his usual positive attitude about his situation, and is optimistic about his search for a job now that he has temporary housing provided for him.' McCracken still has no idea about the fundraiser, and Anderson plans to surprise him with the news when he reaches his goal. All money raised will go to McCracken.
highlights: Rob Anderson, a Las Vegas magician, has started a campaign to raise money for homeless veteran Alan McCracken . Anderson met McCracken when he used the man in a viral video he made earlier this month . McCracken was a U.S. Army veteran who served for six years before an honorable discharge .
id: bbc2ab3cc26a38e0ae3add9f3ffc4d0f8f3504b1
chatgpt: Las Vegas magician Rob Anderson has launched a fundraising campaign to help homeless veteran, Alan McCracken. The campaign was launched after Anderson met McCracken and used him in a viral video earlier this month. McCracken is a U.S. Army veteran who served for six years before receiving an honorable discharge. The video featured McCracken performing a magic trick alongside Anderson, which was viewed by thousands of people online. Anderson then reached out to McCracken, and they struck up a friendship. Upon discovering that McCracken was homeless, Anderson took it upon himself to help. He has since launched a GoFundMe campaign that has raised over $10,000 in just a few days. Anderson is hoping the money will help McCracken get back on his feet and find a permanent place to live. "Alan is an amazing person who has gone through so much, and I just wanted to do something to help him out," Anderson said. "He deserves all the support he can get, and I hope this campaign will make a real difference in his life." McCracken is overwhelmed by the support he has received since the video went viral. "I never expected anything like this to happen," he said. "Rob has been amazing to me, and I'm so grateful for his help. I can't believe how generous people have been, and I'm really touched by all the support." McCracken served in the U.S. Army for six years before receiving an honorable discharge. He then struggled to adjust to civilian life and found himself homeless for the past year. But thanks to Anderson's campaign, he now has a chance to start again. This story is not just about one man's kindness, but it also sheds a light on the issue of homelessness among veterans. According to the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, there were over 37,000 homeless veterans on a single night in January 2020. Anderson hopes that his campaign will raise awareness of the issue and encourage more people to support homeless veterans. "Alan's story is just one of many," he said. "We need to do more to help those who have served our country and are now struggling on the streets. I hope this campaign will inspire others to get involved and make a difference." In a world where we often hear negative news, this story reminds us that there are still good people out there who care and are willing to help those in need.