article: By . Frank Coletta . He’s a Federal Liberal Party MP who represents one of Australia’s most diverse Sydney electorates and Craig Laundy has pulled no punches today by stating he is very much ‘pro-Palestinian’. In an interview with the Australian Financial Review, he has not only made his support of the Palestinian plight in Gaza very clear but has also urged his party to change ‘alter its views’. Mr Laundy’s electorate of Reid in Sydney is a diverse electorate, very much split along the lines of blue and white collar residents. It ranges from the affluent suburbs of Drummoyne, Five Dock and Abbotsford in the city’s inner west to Muslim dominated areas of Auburn and Lidcombe in the western suburbs. Scroll down for video . Self-confessed 'pro-Palestinian' MP Craig Laundy says too many of his Liberal Party colleagues 'hide behind words' rather than backing a solution to the conflict in Gaza. He told the AFR that his constituents (there is an 18% Muslim population in his area) are complaining about his party’s stance and often, suggesting that ‘they feel we have been too quiet on it (the war in Gaza)’. Mr Laundy, who won the seat by a slender . margin over his ALP counterpart at the 2013 federal poll, also took a . swipe at Labor MP Laurie Ferguson, for choosing the end of the holy . month of Ramadan to criticise Israel but claims Australia’s influential . role within the United Nations Security Council should be used to find . an answer to the ongoing territorial battle between the Palestinians and . Israel. Smoke billows from a building after an Israeli attack on a northern Gaza neighbourhood. The death toll in the region has continued to rise and up to 32 bodies were recovered from under rubble after heavy fighting in one area. Palestinian Hamas supporters take to the streets, chanting anti-Israel slogans. The Federal Member for Reid says both parties of guilty of ‘paying lip service’ to a possible resolution. He is a staunch  supporter of a ‘two-state solution’. While Mr Laundy is the only one to have spoken publicly, he does have some support from within but other Federal Liberal MPs have, so far, refused to be named. One senior MP, however, has also admitted Labor was ‘outplaying’ the Liberal Party on the issue. On the issue of statehood, Mr Laundy says it’s time that Australia joined forces with a growing number of representatives within the UN who are now voting ‘yes’ with Palestine.
highlights: MP claims he's facing a backlash from the Muslim population in Western Sydney . Wants his Federal Liberal colleagues to change their 'long-held views' on the battle in Gaza . Politicians are hiding 'behind words' and not taking action .
id: 90ea77812d8d6de18556cf61a35239b47153181f
chatgpt: A federal MP representing Western Sydney claims that he is facing a backlash from the Muslim community due to his party's handling of the ongoing conflict in Gaza. The politician, who wishes to remain anonymous, has accused his fellow Federal Liberal colleagues of holding "long-held views" that are not reflecting the sentiments of the constituents they represent. In a statement released by the MP, he expressed his dissatisfaction and disappointment towards his colleagues who he claims are "hiding behind words" and failing to take any meaningful action. "It's not enough to simply condemn the violence and express sorrow for the loss of life. We need to take tangible steps towards supporting those who are suffering in Gaza," he said. The MP further added that the Muslim population in his constituency is feeling increasingly marginalized and powerless due to the lack of action taken by politicians. "We need to show that we are willing to stand up for them and their concerns. If we don't, we risk losing their support and trust," he stated. The calls for action come in the wake of the Israel-Palestine conflict that has been escalating for multiple days. The violence in Gaza has resulted in the deaths of several people, including children, and has prompted responses from countries around the world. Despite the international community's efforts to mediate peace negotiations, the situation on the ground remains bleak. The MP from Western Sydney has urged his colleagues to take a firm stance on the issue and not shy away from making hard decisions. The MP stated that the Muslim population in his constituency is looking to their elected representatives for solidarity and support. "We cannot afford to let them down. It's time for our politicians to recognize the gravity of the situation and step up to the plate," he said. The MP has also called for a change in the Federal Liberal Party's stance towards the Israel-Palestine conflict. He expressed that the party's long-held views are no longer reflective of the changing demographics and concerns of the people living in Western Sydney. In conclusion, the MP from Western Sydney has called for concrete action from his fellow politicians on the issue of the Israel-Palestine conflict. He emphasizes the need for real tangible support for the Muslim community in his constituency and has urged his party to rethink its stance. The situation in the Middle East is dire and requires immediate attention from the international community. Failure to act now could have serious consequences for the people in Gaza and their loved ones around the world.