article: LOS ANGELES (CNN) -- A group of anonymous software developers said they will soon start selling a program that will allow iPhone owners to use the hugely popular device on cell phone systems around the world and not just with AT&T. Apple's iPhone is yet to go on sale outside the U.S. Apple's iPhone, released in the United States two months ago, was engineered to operate for the first two years only on the AT&T system through an exclusive arrangement between Apple and AT&T. It has not yet been sold outside of the U.S. Los Angeles software consultant Brett Schulte, who is not affiliated with the developers, demonstrated the software for CNN Friday evening. An iPhone that had the new software appeared to work on the T-Mobile system just seconds after Schulte replaced the AT&T SIM card with a T-Mobile SIM card. "It's completely software hacked," Schulte said. "There's no case opening required. It's not required to do any kind of disassembly." It took Schulte about two minutes to unlock the iPhone. The developers would not give CNN their last names, saying "We don't want to be hounded." The said they would start selling the software, which they haven't yet priced, as soon as their online payment and customer service systems are ready. They're also waiting for more information from their lawyers. Apple spokeswoman Jennifer Bowcock told CNN her company has no comment. AT&T spokesman Mark Siegel said he couldn't speculate on the legality of unlocking the phone, but he added, "When you sign up, you're signing a two-year contract. You're obligated to pay the bill." "When people buy the iPhone it's clear from our materials it's designed to operate exclusively on AT&T," Siegel said. Schulte, however, said it is possible to buy an iPhone without being contractually obligated to AT&T. The developers recently created a Web site -- iPhoneSIMfree.com -- but there is very little information on it and no direct way for anyone to purchase the software. Internet records showed they bought the domain name less than two weeks ago. Two members of the group, who identified themselves only as "John" and "Liu," told CNN in a phone interview that a core group of six people on three continents worked to unlock the iPhone as a hobby. They said they are fans of Apple products who thought the iPhone should be made accessible to people who cannot use AT&T. "I'm not in America and I can't use it," said Liu, who would not reveal the country in which he lives. "It's not fair." Asked if he thought modifying the iPhone was legal, he said "That's a very good question. I truly believe it is." John and Liu said they have not been contacted by either Apple or AT&T, but said that could change the moment their software goes on sale. Earlier this month, a teenager figured out a way to unlock the iPhone, but his method required disassembly of the unit. E-mail to a friend .
highlights: Software developed enabling Apple's iPhone to be used on any phone network . Device can currently only be used on AT&T network in the U.S. Anonymous developers plan to start selling program soon .
id: f8c6a9b20bb5e7485023a40f10b2f9de6ced47c0
chatgpt: Anonymous developers have reportedly created a revolutionary software that allows Apple's iPhone to be used on any phone network. This breakthrough comes as great news for many iPhone users, as the device can currently only be used on AT&T network in the U.S.  The yet-to-be-named software has been catching the attention of tech enthusiasts who are eagerly anticipating its release. If this software proves to be successful, it may force AT&T to change its exclusive contract with Apple that has frustrated many iPhone users for years.  The team of developers has announced that they are planning to start selling the program soon. The program, which is compatible with both the iPhone and iPad, will reportedly be priced at a reasonable rate to make it accessible to a wide range of users.  The new software will be particularly beneficial for those who live in areas where AT&T coverage is weak or non-existent. This has been a long-standing issue for many users, and this software may finally provide them with the freedom to use their device without being restricted to a single network.  The software is expected to increase the popularity of the iPhone even further, particularly as more people will be able to use the device on their preferred network. This could make the iPhone the go-to device for many customers who were hesitant to sign up for a new contract with AT&T.  It remains to be seen how AT&T will respond to this development. In the past, the company has been reluctant to allow customers to use the iPhone on other networks, citing contractual obligations. However, if enough people switch to other networks, AT&T may be forced to reconsider its stance.  Some analysts have raised concerns about the potential negative impact this software could have on Apple's business model. The company's exclusive partnership with AT&T has helped it maintain its control over the iPhone's hardware and software, which has been crucial for the device's success. However, with this new software, Apple may face challenges in maintaining this control.  Nevertheless, many customers are excited about the potential of this new software, and many are already discussing the benefits it could bring. The developers behind the program are expected to reveal more details about its release in the coming weeks, which will likely generate even more buzz around this groundbreaking software.  This news comes at a time when the smartphone market is becoming increasingly competitive, with new devices being released on a regular basis. Apple has been one of the leading companies in this space, and the potential of this new software may help it to maintain its position.  In conclusion, the announcement of a new software that allows the iPhone to be used on any phone network is a significant development that will change the way many people use their iPhones. It could also have a major impact on the smartphone market as a whole, especially if it forces other companies to change their approach to exclusive contracts. The name and pricing information about the software are yet to be revealed, but the excitement around it is already building.