article: A grandmother of five made more than 5,000 jars of marmalade to raise £10,000 to help poor people all over the Third World. For the last 16 year, Gloria Irons has been giving away jars of her home-made fruit spread in return for donations to the Catholic Agency for Overseas Development (CAFOD). The 70-year-old said her marmalade has even been taken to far-flung African countries such as Rwanda and Ethiopia for the locals to enjoy. Gloria Irons from Norwich has been giving away her jars of homemade marmalade in return for donations to the Catholic Agency for Overseas Development (CAFOD) 'I just love doing it and I'll continue as long as I can,' said Mrs Irons, of Norwich. Even breaking her wrist did not stop the retired carer, as she roped in her supportive husband Colin and supervised the marmalade making. 'I can make 24 jars in two hours now, including washing and sterilising the jars. 'It got a bit tricky when I broke my wrist but Colin helped me out. 'It all started by accident. I was going to a fete and I had forgotten to bake anything. 'I grabbed some jars of marmalade I had made and they sold like hot cakes.' Her closely-guarded recipe for the orange variety proved an instant hit and began selling as quickly as she could make it. A CAFOD worker took one jar to Rwanda, where Mrs Iron's group of churches, St George's, Our Lady Mother of God, and St Boniface Church, were supporting a community in Musha. 'I only gave it to her as a joke to take - I didn't expect her to. It was lovely to see the people with my marmalade in photos.' Made with love: Mrs Irons says she wants to help those less fortunate than her . Although the recipe changes slightly for Christmas punters, with some additional whisky in tinsel-decorated jars, there is another crucial ingredient. 'I just put love into it. 'Through CAFOD, I have learnt a lot about the poverty in other countries. 'I want to help those less fortunate. 'They have so little and we have so much. 'We've raised money for different appeals over the years. 'One that sticks in my mind was the horrendous floods in Mozambique. We heard about a community who lived close to the river banks. 'Their homes were completely washed away. 'After the floods, CAFOD helped the community to build new homes, higher up the hills away from the river. 'I can remember this old boy sitting in his new tin hut; the icing on the cake for him was that he now had a tin roof. 'He said he felt like a king - and all he needed now was a wife. 'It's amazing to see that kind of sense of humour after all that had happened. It makes you feel quite humble.'
highlights: Gloria Irons from Norwich gives her produce away in return for donations . Church-goer's fruit spread also been sent to African communities . Grandmother-of-five's husband Colin helped out when she broke her wrist .
id: 6d30557d32c25a90ad12a90042d62128e76083db
chatgpt: Norwich resident Gloria Irons has been making waves in her community for her unique approach to giving back. Instead of selling her produce as many local farmers do, Irons offers her fruits and vegetables to others in exchange for donations. The grandmother-of-five’s generous attitude has gained her a loyal following in the area. Irons attributes her giving spirit to her strong Christian faith. She is a regular church-goer and believes in spreading love and kindness to those around her. Her husband, Colin, shares her beliefs and has been instrumental in helping her run her small farm. When Irons recently broke her wrist, Colin stepped up to continue caring for the plants and delivering produce to those who had donated to their cause. The Irons’ have also taken their compassion beyond the borders of their community. Their fruit spread, made from the produce grown on their farm, has been sent to African communities where food is scarce. The couple hopes that the spread can help provide some much-needed nourishment to those in need. Gloria’s generosity has not gone unnoticed. Several community members have reached out to congratulate her on her efforts and offer their support. Local business owners have even offered to sell Gloria’s produce in their stores with all proceeds going to charity. Despite the outpouring of support, Irons remains humble and committed to her giving spirit. “I just want to help others in any way I can,” she says. “I am so grateful for my community and the support they have shown me and my husband.” For those looking to take a page out of Gloria Iron’s book, there are many ways to give back to your community. Volunteering at a local soup kitchen or food bank is a great way to help those who are struggling to put food on the table. Donating clothes and household goods to a shelter or thrift store can also benefit those in need. Additionally, supporting small businesses and farmers like Gloria Irons can have a positive impact on your community and beyond. As Gloria Irons’ story shows us, giving back doesn’t have to be complicated or expensive. Sometimes, the most impactful acts of kindness come from a simple desire to help those around us. By spreading love and generosity, we can create a better world for ourselves and those we share it with.