article: A woman who drowned her two daughters while in the middle of a bitter custody battle with her ex-husband is trying to get her murder conviction overturned. Elaine Campione of Toronto, Canada, told her daughters to 'blow bubbles in the bathtub' and then held their heads underwater until they died. Now, she is trying to convince a judge she is not criminally responsible for the 2006 murders due to a mental disorder. Monster: Elaine Campione (left) told her daughters to 'blow bubbles in the bathtub' and then held their heads underwater until they died to get revenge on her ex-husband Leo (right) Gone to soon: After she drowned her daughters, Serena, 3, and Sophia, 19 months, Elaine put them in princess dresses and curled their hair . According to the Toronto Sun, it was determined by both sides during Campione's trial that she was mentally ill, but she was also aware that what she was doing was mentally wrong. The mother even filmed as she drowned the girls and then put them in white dresses and curled their hair, then put their hands together and laid them both on her bed. At this point she looked at the video camera and said to her husband, 'Here, are you happy now?' She then added, 'The children are gone. How does that make you feel?' She would then wait an entire 33 hours before notifying authorities, telling them that she killed Serena, 3, and Sophia, 19 months, because 'my babies don’t belong to him, they belong to me.' Horror: Elaine videotaped the killing and aftermath, waiting 33 hours to call police . Second chance: Now Elaine wants her murder convictions overturned as she claims she was not aware that what she was doing was morally wrong . Now, her legal team is trying to argue that she truly believed she was saving her two daughters from her ex-husband, Leo, by murdering them. 'She believed they were unsafe on earth and that by sending them to heaven, she was providing them with a safe haven where they could have a happy life together,' said he appeal lawyers Joseph Di Luca and Erin Dann. A jury in 2010 believed that Campione knew what she was doing was wrong, and convicted her of two counts of first-degree murder. Even she seemed completely aware, describing herself as a 'monster' to police officers after committing the murders. Should she win on appeal, who could be released and simply serve a short period committed to a psychiatric hospital.
highlights: Elaine Campione of Toronto, Canada, told her daughters to 'blow bubbles in the bathtub' and then held their heads underwater until they died in 2006 . She videotaped the entire thing, and then put the girls in princess dresses and curled their hair before waiting 33 hours to call police . She was convicted of two counts of first degree murder for the deaths of Serena, 3, and Sophia, 19 months in 2010 . Now she wants her conviction overturned, arguing she is not criminally responsible because she was not aware what she did was morally wrong .
id: 01999cef731b5a054997fdd2d245239285442e9f
chatgpt: Elaine Campione of Toronto, Canada, is seeking to have her conviction overturned for the murders of her two young daughters, Serena, 3, and Sophia, 19 months, in 2006. Campione was found guilty of two counts of first-degree murder in 2010 after she drowned her children in the bathtub and then waited 33 hours to call the police. According to court documents, Campione told her daughters to "blow bubbles in the bathtub" and then held their heads underwater until they died. She even videotaped the entire thing, and then put the girls in princess dresses and curled their hair before calling the police. Now, Campione argues that she should not be held criminally responsible for her actions because she was not aware that what she did was morally wrong. Her lawyers are basing her appeal on the defence of not criminally responsible due to mental illness. In her 2010 trial, it was revealed that Campione had a history of mental health issues, including depression and anxiety. She had reportedly struggled with the stress of being a single mother and had been prescribed medication to help manage her symptoms. Campione's lawyers argue that her mental health issues played a significant role in her decision to kill her children. They claim that she was suffering from a delusional disorder and psychotic episode at the time of the murders, which impaired her ability to make rational decisions. However, the Crown argues that Campione was fully aware of the consequences of her actions and should be held fully accountable for the deaths of her children. The defence of not criminally responsible due to mental illness is a contentious issue in Canadian law. It can only be used if the accused can prove that they were suffering from a mental disorder at the time of the crime and that disorder prevented them from understanding the nature and consequences of their actions. Campione's case will be heard by the Ontario Court of Appeal, where a panel of judges will decide whether or not to overturn her conviction. The case has sparked outrage and disbelief among many Canadians, who are struggling to comprehend how a mother could harm her own children in such a brutal and malicious way. While the debate over Campione's mental state continues, the lives of Serena and Sophia were tragically cut short, leaving a lasting impact on their family and the community around them.