article: (CNN) -- Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger apologized to the club's fans and said he had been "hurt" after his side suffered their worst ever defeat against Manchester United on Sunday. The Gunners were beaten 8-2 at Old Trafford, with a Wayne Rooney hat-trick, a brace from England winger Ashley Young and goals from Danny Welbeck, Park Ji-Sung and Nani sealing a comprehensive win for the English Premier League champions. "I can only apologize for the score," Wenger told Arsenal's official web site. "It hurts very much. "The players go away for two weeks [on international duty] and maybe that is a good thing. "When they come back we'll have to prepare. Big scores are humiliating and difficult to swallow but I don't think they have a special meaning. They are always under special circumstances." Later Monday, the north London club announced that fans who attended the match would receive a free ticket to another Arsenal away game in the EPL. "Sunday's result was obviously disappointing for everyone connected with the club. Our traveling fans were magnificent throughout and we want to recognize their fantastic support. We will be writing to them shortly with the details," read a statement. The defeat leaves Arsenal -- who were without forward Gervinho and defensive duo Bacary Sagna and Thomas Vermaelen for the United defeat -- with just one point from their opening three matches and languishing in 17th place in the table. The defeat comes after a controversial start to the season for the London side following the sale of star duo Cesc Fabregas and Samir Nasri to Barcelona and Manchester City respectively. Despite the 61-year-old French manager signing four new players -- including Ivory Coast's Gervinho and the young trio of Carl Jenkinson, Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Joel Campbell from Charlton, Southampton and Saprissa -- the former Monaco coach has been criticized for not investing in experienced players. However, Wenger insisted he would spend money if the right players could be found. "We have to find the right players and if we do we will sign them," he told the BBC ahead of the current transfer closing on September 1. "We have the money and if we find players to strengthen the team we will do it. If we don't do it, it is because we haven't found them. "I try to make the right decisions and the two players we sold [Fabregas and Nasri], I brought them to the club. In 15 years I have brought some good players. You know me, so you should give me some more time to see if I have got it completely wrong." Arsenal's next league match will see them play host to newly-promoted Swansea City on September 10.
highlights: NEW:  Arsenal to offer fans who traveled to Old Trafford a free ticket . Arsene Wenger has said he is "hurt" after Arsenal's 8-2 defeat to Manchester United . Wenger also apologized to fans after Arsenal's worst defeat in over a century . Arsenal are without a win in their opening three league games, with just one point .
id: 59bdac202d99a1d7f8a5db268fb204f43ec12f9c
chatgpt: Arsenal F.C is offering fans who traveled to Old Trafford a free ticket after the team suffered their worst defeat in over a century. The club's manager, Arsene Wenger, expressed his hurt after the team's 8-2 loss to Manchester United in a Premier League fixture. In a press conference held after the game, Wenger, with a pained expression on his face, apologized to fans for the shoddy display put up by his team, stating, "We apologize for our fans who traveled up here. What we produced is not Arsenal, that's for sure.". The Gunner's loss to the Red Devils marks their third defeat in the opening three games of the new Premier League season, with the team having only managed to secure a single point thus far. Despite having started on the front foot, Arsenal quickly fell apart defensively, with Manchester United running rampant throughout the game. The United forward, Wayne Rooney, put up a man of the match display, scoring a hat trick and bagging two assists in the game. Wenger, who is feeling the heat from fans calling for his resignation, admitted that his team played poorly, saying, "It was a very sad day for us because we never turned up from the first minute onwards." He added, "I'm confident that we can come back and show how good we are." The apology and the free ticket offer are part of Arsenal's efforts to make amends with fans for their poor start to the new season. The club has been struggling to find its footing since the start of the season, with fan expectations already high after the Gunners managed to win the FA Cup last season. The offer of a free ticket will provide some consolation to the fans who traveled all the way to Manchester to support their team. It will also be seen as a goodwill gesture that could help to rebuild the relationship between the club and its supporters. Although the offer of the free ticket will be well-received by fans, the Gunners will need to improve their performances on the pitch to win back the confidence of their supporters. Wenger remains optimistic, saying, "We have to regroup and come back with a stronger performance. I believe we have the quality to overcome this difficult situation." Arsenal will need to do just that if they are to avoid slipping further down the table and keep their Champions League hopes alive. The club's management and players will need to pull together and work harder to get back to winning ways.