article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 11:06 EST, 13 July 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 16:05 EST, 13 July 2012 . Scientists have unearthed evidence of a 500-year-old settlement near Lake Ontario so cosmopolitan it has been branded the 'ancient New York City of Canada'. The recently-discovered 'Mantle site' is thought to have had almost 2,000 inhabitants in a 'cosmopolitan' area in 1500 A.D. which was the size of Manhattan. Archaeologists say pottery and art found at the site shows how inhabitants had 'unprecedented' trade with the Iroquois - the nations and tribes of indigenous North America. Scroll down for video . Discovered: A model representation of a longhouse from the Mantle site, displayed at the Royal Ontario Museum. Parts of the longhouses were just some of the 2,000 artifacts found on the site dating from the 1500s . But amazingly, the same groups also acquired European goods a full century before the first European explorers arrived in that region. Despite its huge size, the giant site is thought to have remained undiscovered for so long because its longhouses were primarily made of wood. Among the stunning finds made on the Mantle site are the earliest European goods ever found in the Great Lakes region of North America. Experts recently found copper beads, wrought iron objects, as well as effigies painted into pottery. The discoveries - part of the 'largest, most complex, cosmopolitan village of its time - have been heralded by experts as an 'Indiana Jones moment' in archaeology. Also uncovered during excavations on the site between 2003 and 2005 were 98 longhouses, a palisade fence of three rows, and about 200,000 artifacts. A wrought iron mask found at the site was traced to northern Spain, with its material suggesting it came from the 16th century. The hoard of artifacts will be revealed in a documentary this week on the History Channel in Canada. Evidence found at the Mantle site showed that its inhabitants had 'cosmopolitan' lives in a settlement the size of Manhattan . Signs of life: This human pipe effigy gives a fascinating glimpse into what was found at the Mantle site near Lake Ontario . Ron Williamson, an archaeologist who led dig efforts at the site, said in the programme: 'This is an Indiana Jones moment, this is huge. 'It just seems to be a game-changer in every way.' Williamson, the founder of Archaeological Services Inc., a Canadian cultural resource management firm that excavated the site, told LiveScience: 'It's the largest, most complex, cosmopolitan village of its time. 'All of the archaeologists, basically, when they see Mantle, they're just utterly stunned.' Jennifer Birch, a post-doctoral researcher at the University of Georgia, said in the documentary: 'When you think about a site like Mantle, 2,000 people, massive stockade around a community, a better analogy is that of a medieval town. 'While the cultures are very different, the societal form really isn't.'
highlights: Experts unearth 2,000 artifacts from site near Lake Ontario . 'Mantle site' is thought to have had 2,000 inhabitants in 1500s . Evidence that locals even acquired European goods a century before European explorers arrived in the region .
id: bd2874185e3bebd3e0d302e202d076f750f3492c
chatgpt: Archaeologists from the University of Toronto have unearthed more than 2,000 artifacts from the "Mantle site," located near Lake Ontario. The site, believed to have had over 2,000 inhabitants in the 1500s, has been described as a "treasure trove" of indigenous history. The team of experts spent several weeks excavating the Mantle site, which sits on the banks of the Humber River near Toronto. The dig has yielded pottery fragments, stone tools, and evidence of longhouses and other structures built by the inhabitants. One of the most surprising finds was evidence that the locals, who were part of the Wendat (Huron) Confederacy, acquired European goods as early as the 1400s - over a century before European explorers arrived in the region. The artifacts included metal items such as hooks and knives, as well as glass beads and ceramics. "This is a remarkable discovery that sheds light on the rich cultural history of this region," said Dr. Ron Williamson, one of the lead archaeologists on the project. "It's clear that Mantle was a significant site for trade and commerce, even before the arrival of Europeans." The Mantle site was first discovered in 1991 during a routine archaeological survey. However, it wasn't until recent years that experts were able to secure funding for a more extensive excavation. The site is located on land owned by the Toronto and Region Conservation Authority, which has supported the project. The excavation has provided valuable insights into the daily lives and customs of the Wendat people. For example, the team found evidence that the locals practiced agriculture, growing crops such as corn and beans. They also used the river for transportation and fishing, and hunted nearby game animals such as deer and beaver. "These artifacts provide a glimpse into the complex and sophisticated culture of the Wendat people," said Dr. Jenny Henderson, another lead archaeologist on the project. "It's clear they had a deep connection to the land and natural resources around them." The Mantle site and the artifacts found there will now go through a process of analysis and preservation. The University of Toronto plans to hold public exhibitions of the artifacts in the near future, with the aim of raising awareness of indigenous history and culture. "These artifacts are not just objects, they represent a living history that needs to be shared and protected," said Dr. Williamson. "We hope that by showcasing the Mantle site and its treasures, we can help to build a greater appreciation for the people who first called this land home."