article: (CNN)  -- The suspect in last week's deadly shooting at a Binghamton, New York, immigrant center believed he had been harassed for years by undercover police officers, according to a letter received by a New York television station and purportedly written by that suspect, Jiverly Wong. Jiverly Wong included photos of himself along with a letter, his gun permit, and driver's license. Police said they were studying the two-page letter, neatly written in broken English, to determine its authenticity. But the package that arrived Monday at News 10 Now in Syracuse also contained photographs of Wong with two handguns, his gun permit and his driver's license. "There's several things in there that indicate to myself and the district attorney that suggest mental health issues as well as there may be some religious connotation," Binghamton Police Chief Joseph Zikuski told 10 News Now, "but until we get a chance to have mental health professionals, have some religious people look at it to determine what it really means, I'm really not going to comment on it any further at this time." Zikuski added that the emergence of a letter from the shooting suspect was not a surprise to law enforcement. The package was postmarked April 3, the day of the shooting at the American Civic Assocation in Binghamton where Wong parked his car blocking a back entrance and entered through the front door, shooting two receptionists and then more people in a classroom. By the time he was done, 13 people -- and Wong himself, killed by a self-inflicted gunshot wound -- lay dead. Four others, including one of the receptionists, were wounded. iReport.com: Is it time for gun control? But the letter was dated more than two weeks earlier, March 18, indicating a troubled Wong had considered the act for some time.  Learn about other mass shootings in recent history » . "I am Jiverly Wong shooting the people," the letter begins followed by an apology that "I know a little English." What follows is details of Wong's beliefs that undercover police had taunted him, tortured him and spread rumors about him wherever he went. The police, he said, forced him to leave California, where'd he'd lived from the early 1990s until 2007, and were trying to force him to leave the country. They entered his room while he slept, he said, watching him sleep, touching him while he slept. And 32 times, he said, police drove in front of him and abruptly stopped. But "I never hit the car," he said. At the end of the letter, Wong complained that he cannot "accept my poor life" and that he assume the role of judge and "cut my poor life." He demanded that an "undercover cop" be held responsible for whatever happened and ended with "You have a nice day."
highlights: Letter purportedly from suspect is sent with photos, driver's license, gun permit . Wong: I cannot "accept my poor life," so I will act as judge and "cut my poor life" Note was dated two weeks before shooting in Binghamton, New York . Suspect said he believed police taunted him, tortured him, watched him sleep .
id: 145bbd0c0cb9e488faed69c57ee44ddfeedb8f30
chatgpt: Investigators in Binghamton, New York have uncovered a letter that is believed to have been written by the suspect responsible for the recent shooting that took place in the town. The letter reportedly includes photos, a driver's license, and a gun permit, which authorities believe belonged to the suspect. The letter, which was dated two weeks before the shooting, was signed by a man named Wei Liang Wong. In it, Wong reportedly expressed his resentment towards the police, accusing them of taunting him, torturing him, and even watching him sleep. Wong wrote that he could not "accept my poor life" and that he would act as judge and "cut my poor life". Police believe that the letter was written by Wong as part of his plan to carry out the shooting. According to authorities, Wong entered the American Civic Association building in Binghamton on April 3, 2009, and opened fire on those inside, killing 13 people and injuring several others. He then turned the gun on himself and took his own life. The discovery of the letter sheds new light on the motive behind the shooting. While officials had initially been unsure of what prompted the attack, the letter suggests that Wong had been planning the shooting for some time and had been driven to take action as a result of his perceived mistreatment by the police. The contents of the letter have sparked outrage among members of the local community and law enforcement officials alike. Speaking to reporters, Binghamton Police Chief Joe Zikuski described Wong's actions as "heinous" and "evil", adding that there was no justification for what he did. Meanwhile, members of the American Civic Association expressed their shock and sadness at the tragedy. In a statement, they said that "this senseless act has left us all with heavy hearts and a sense of loss that is beyond words." The letter also raises broader questions about mental health and gun control laws in the United States. While Wong's claims of police harassment have not been substantiated, his apparent descent into violent behavior highlights the need for better mental health services and support for those who may be at risk of harming themselves or others. The incident in Binghamton is just one of many mass shootings that have occurred in the United States in recent years, and it underscores the urgent need for tighter gun control laws. Easy access to firearms has been cited as a major factor in the high levels of gun violence in the country, and policymakers will no doubt be looking for ways to address this issue in the wake of this latest tragedy. As the community in Binghamton and the wider public mourn the loss of life in this devastating incident, the letter purportedly written by Wei Liang Wong serves as a chilling reminder of the dangers of unchecked anger and the urgent need for greater accountability and action in the face of mental health crises and gun violence.