article: By . Jill Reilly . PUBLISHED: . 07:59 EST, 18 June 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 09:47 EST, 18 June 2013 . A couple have managed to save their family home by writing steamy e-novels. Jack and Jasinda Wilder, from Detroit, started writing in their basement in a desperate attempt to raise funds after they lost their income. They have now sold nearly a million e-books and one of their racy novels even hit the number one spot on Amazon. Success: Jack and Jasinda Wilder, from Detroit, started writing in their basement in a desperate attempt to raise funds after they lost their income . Personal publishing house: Writing in their basement they have now sold nearly a million e-books . Difficult time: Jasinda, a music and theater teacher, saw her income cut when a school program was cancelled and Jack had to leave a teaching program when their youngest of their five children contracted a virus . The couple, who only want to be known by their pen names, reckon they were a month away from losing their home, reported CBS News. Jasinda, a music and theater teacher, saw her income cut when a school program was cancelled. Then her husband Jack had to leave a teaching program when their youngest of their five children contracted a virus. Desperate: The couple, who only want to be known by their pen names, reckon they were a month away from losing their home . Moving up: Their romance novel called 'Falling Into You' has appeared on the New York Times Best Seller list . Concerned: The couple were worried about how they were going to provide for their children as their income diminished . In desperation, the Wilders went down to the basement of their house and started frantically writing. They self-published their first e-book and waited nervously for a respose from readers. It proved to be a success and the couple soon earned enough to meet their $1,200 monthly mortgage . payment. 'So we just started writing like mad,' Jasinda said. 'And I think in like six months we put out 20 titles.' 'We decided we weren't gonna leave our house,' she added. 'I think we showered three times.' With each book, their sales climbed higher and the couple were ecstatic when their romance called Falling Into You - about a girl whose first love dies suddenly - jumped onto the New York Times Best Seller list. Climbing: The couple's book, left which topped the Amazons best-sellers list. It has not quite reached the dizzy heights of Fifty Shades of Grey, right, but it's on its way .
highlights: Jack and Jasinda Wilder, from Detroit, started writing in their basement . Desperate attempt to raise funds after they lose their income . They have now sold nearly a million e-books on Amazon .
id: 55db5047bbda203b1b3f4b22925b549178a48537
chatgpt: A couple from Detroit, Jack and Jasinda Wilder, started off writing in their basement in a desperate attempt to raise funds. The couple had lost their income and needed a way to supplement their earnings. Their decision to take up writing, however, would lead them down a path to becoming self-published authors and eventually selling nearly a million e-books on Amazon. Initially, the Wilders had little experience when it came to writing. They were not trained writers, nor had they any connections within the publishing industry. For them, it was merely a means to an end. In an attempt to make ends meet, the couple started to write romance novels that they self-published on Amazon. At first, things were slow, and their book sales weren't anything to write home about. However, slowly but surely, their following started to grow. Readers enjoyed their books, and word-of-mouth began to spread. Soon, they were selling more books and expanding their audience. The Wilders found their niche in the romance genre and continued to self-publish on Amazon. The success of their books was not only due to their writing ability, but also due to their marketing techniques. They had a strong social media presence and created a loyal fan base by interacting with their readers and offering free books and sneak peeks. As their success grew, industry giants started to take notice of the Wilders' incredible achievements. They were offered publishing deals, but the couple decided to stay self-published on Amazon. Jack Wilder explains, "We appreciate our independence, and we love the control we have over everything we do." The couple's journey to becoming self-published authors has been not only financially successful but also emotionally fulfilling. Jack Wilder says, "Writing has given us a sense of purpose, and we're finally doing something we love." Jasinda Wilder adds, "It's incredibly gratifying to know that our words have touched so many people." The Wilders' story is a testament to the fact that hard work and perseverance can pay off, even in the world of self-publishing. With a strong work ethic and unwavering determination, this couple was able to create a successful business from the comfort of their own basement. As they continue to write and produce new works, the Wilders' fan base continues to grow. Their loyal readers eagerly await their next release, and their success story continues to inspire others who dream of pursuing their passion.