article: By . Ruth Styles . PUBLISHED: . 07:45 EST, 30 October 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 07:45 EST, 30 October 2012 . Almost half of single women have regularly had sex with an ex boyfriend while looking for a new lover, a new survey has revealed. The poll of 1,000 men and women found that the majority of girls who resort to sex with the ex do so because they 'miss physical intimacy.' A further 31 percent admitted it was because they hoped to reignite a relationship with a former flame. Former flames: Cheryl and Ashley Cole (left) and Demi Moore and Ashton Kutcher (right) in happier times . An additional 43 percent of women also admitted to regularly sleeping with an ex while on the lookout for a new partner. An even higher 47 percent of men confessed to doing the same. And they aren't alone. A-listers Demi Moore and Ashton Kutcher famously reunited after their divorce before going their separate ways again, as did Cheryl Cole and her former husband, Chelsea footballer, Ashley. Dating site SeekingArrangement.com which conducted the research said that the top five reasons for getting back into bed with an ex-partner also included having too much to drink, flirting on Facebook and other social media sites, and bumping into each other on a night out. One of the women polled, Nikki Howarth, 26, said she had slept with previous boyfriends while she was single - but warned that it can lead to more heartbreak. She said: 'It’s something most girls have done. They say, ‘never go back’ but it  can be difficult when you have been very close to a guy and you are struggling to find someone new. 'I have sometimes regretted doing it in the past – particularly when I have been keener on the guy than he was on me. Beer goggles? 26 percent of women said having too much to drink was the reason they reunited with their ex . 'Sleeping with them again just leads to more heartache – because there is no chance of the relationship working out in the long-term and you are just left to reflect on what you have lost.' Nikki, who is currently dating a wealthy American businessman, said revisiting past relationships can work if both partners want the same thing. 'If no one is getting hurt on either side, I don’t see what is wrong with ‘sex with the ex’,' she said. 'It can be a lot of fun  - who doesn’t want a bit of physical intimacy when they have been single for a while. 'You often go to the same pubs and clubs as your ex because that is where you met in the first place. 'If you part amicably there is no reason why you shouldn’t both end up going to the same places again. That’s when can end up in bed again after a night out – the beer goggles have a lot to do with it!'
highlights: 47 percent of single women regularly have sex with their ex partners . 'Missing intimacy' is the most common reason, followed by wanting to restart a relationship . Facebook flirting and having too much to drink also cited as triggers .
id: 342ec11f0910f4cc7f23fa80c14a7308c81973f9
chatgpt: A recent study conducted by a popular dating website reveals that almost half of single women are having regular sex with their ex-partners. The study polled over 1,000 women and found that 47 percent of them admitted to being intimate with their former flames. The study also revealed that among these women, the most common reason for engaging in such behavior was missing intimacy. Many of these women found it difficult to go without the physical and emotional connection they once had with their ex-partner, leading them to seek it out once again. Furthermore, the study found that 34 percent of these women were hoping to restart a relationship with their ex-partner. Despite the fact that the relationship had already ended, these women still held out hope that they could rekindle the romance. Interestingly, the study also found that Facebook flirting played a role in the rekindling of old flames. As much as 22 percent of those who participated in the study admitted that they started flirting with their ex-partner through Facebook, eventually leading to more intimate communication and then meeting in person. Having too much to drink was also cited as a trigger for engaging in such behavior. Many of the women admitted that they were not in the best emotional state while under the influence of alcohol, leading them to act impulsively and reconnect with their ex-partner. Experts believe that this behavior is not necessarily a bad thing. According to relationship coach, Lisa Shield, reconnecting with an ex can be a step towards healing and moving forward. She says that being intimate with someone who knows you so well can be comforting and help to build your self-esteem. However, other experts warn that rekindling a relationship with an ex can be fraught with danger. The potential to get hurt again is always there and there are often good reasons why the relationship ended in the first place. Experts advise using caution when considering the option to reignite an old relationship and to try to avoid getting caught up in cyclical behavior. This study provides a unique insight into the world of dating and relationships, and the reasons for why some women choose to revisit their ex-partners. Ultimately, it provides us with a better understanding of the complexities of relationships and the desire for human connection.