article: By . Elliott Bretland . Follow @@EllBretland . West Ham fell to their second defeat of their pre-season tour of New Zealand as the Hammers were beaten 3-1 by Sydney. Sam Allardyce's side were 2-0 down at half-time before wideman Matt Jarvis saw his left-wing cross deflect off Sydney captain Nikola Petkovic and into the net five minutes after the restart. ‘The football was not good enough to get results, but we’re experimenting and working on more open attacking play and it hasn’t worked well from a defensive point of view,’ said Allardyce. Tough to take: West Ham lost 3-1 to Sydney during their summer pre-season tour of New Zealand . Deflection: Matt Jarvis' cross deflected off Sydney captain Nikola Petkovic and into the back of the net . West Ham United: Adrian, Demel, O'Brien, Reid, Collins, Noble, Diame, Nolan, Downing, Jarvis, Cole. Subs: Jaaskelainen, Howes, Cresswell, Fanimo, Potts, Poyet, Whitehead, Vaz Te, Zarate. Scorer: Petkovic OG, 50 . Sydney FC: Janjetovic, Ryall, Jurman, Petkovic, Gameiro, Ibin-Isei, Ognenovski, Antonis, Dimitrijevic, Abbas, Brosque. Subs: Necevski, Bojic, Trantis, Carle, Gligor, Timotheu, Naumoff, Muata-Marlow, Gersbach, Burgess. Scorers: Gameiro, 4, 64, Brosque, 26 . The A-League side controversially . extended their lead on 64 minutes as Corey Gameiro netted after the . referee failed to spot a handball. West Ham had gone behind after just four minutes when Sydney broke on the counter following a Hammers free-kick. Ali Abbas found Gameiro in space down the left and the Australian frontman slotted the ball past West Ham goalkeeper Adrian to net his first of the game. The Sky Blues doubled their advantage on 25 minutes as Alex Brosque converted Bernie Ibini's forward ball. However, West Ham replied soon after the interval as Jarvis' cross from the left deflected off Petkovic and over the head of goalkeeper Vedran Janjetovic. Meanwhile, Hammers defender Guy Demel was forced off 13 minutes into the match after tweaking his hamstring and was replaced by summer signing Aaron Cresswell. Opener: Guy Demel (left) watches on as Corey Gameiro slots the ball past Adrian to give Sydney the lead . Head down: Alex Brosque volleys the ball home to double Sydney's advantage over West Ham . Game over: West Ham defender James Collins is unable to stop Gameiro scoring his second goal of the match .
highlights: West Ham end tour of New Zealand with 3-1 defeat to Sydney . Sam Allardyce's men trailed 2-0 at half-time before Matt Jarivs' deflected cross gave Hammers hope five minutes after interval . However, Sydney striker Corey Gameiro extended A-League side's lead on 64 minutes . Defender Guy Demel had to be substituted after tweaking hamstring .
id: c9a281e18b5fdf66e4e3d3943be63ea30722ac0c
chatgpt: West Ham United finished their tour of New Zealand on a sour note with a 3-1 loss against Sydney FC. Sam Allardyce's men were already two goals down at halftime when they stepped onto the pitch to fight for a salvaged result. Despite the odds stacked against them, the Hammers started the second half on a positive note with Matt Jarvis' deflected cross, which gave them hope of a comeback. Five minutes into the second half and the score was 2-1, but their aspirations were soon torn apart when Corey Gameiro extended Sydney's lead to 3-1 on the 64th minute. West Ham never quite managed to recover from there, and their hopes of salvaging the result were dealt a further blow when defender Guy Demel was forced off the pitch due to a hamstring injury. The result means that Allardyce's men finish their tour of New Zealand with mixed results. They started with a 2-1 win over Wellington Phoenix, drew 2-2 with Sydney FC, and then finished with a loss. Despite the defeat, there were some positives for the Hammers in their tour of New Zealand. It gave the team a chance to test their tactics and preparation for the upcoming season, and several players managed to showcase their skills. One such player was Matt Jarvis. The winger’s cross that resulted in the team’s only goal was a prime instance of his attacking instincts, as his shot was deflected into the net by a Sydney defender. The Hammers will now head back to the United Kingdom to continue their preparations for the upcoming season. It remains to be seen whether Allardyce will make any further alterations to his squad, but it is clear that there will be work to do if they are to avoid a repeat of last season’s close call with relegation. Overall, the tour of New Zealand was an opportunity to test West Ham’s strengths and weaknesses in unfamiliar surroundings. Despite the loss to Sydney FC, the team will take many valuable lessons from the trip as they gear up for the challenges that lie ahead in the Premier League.