article: Freda Murphy probably didn't think she needed to rely on a holy intervention to get the floor of her Birmingham home fixed. But that's exactly what she got. When the mother-of-five took a picture of her Erdington bathroom for insurers, she was stunned to discover the outline of a face she believes to be Jesus, with a tear falling from the right eye, present. But the spooky imprint is far from the first unexplained happening to occur at her 100-year-old home. Scroll down for video . Freda Murphy claims an image of Jesus appeared in a photograph she took at her Birmingham home . Mr Murphy says she can make out eyes, a nose, mouth, long hair and a beard in the imprint which appears in the photograph she took of her bathroom floor . Ms Murphy has been so rattled by things that go bump in the night, she’s called in a spiritualist. During her 19 years at the house, the 52-year-old and her family have encountered ghosts, heard babies cry in the night, and have even been prodded in their sleep. A baby is believed to have died at the property during the war. Ms Murphy said, on one occasion 'a mist, like a cloud, appeared above my head while I was hoovering. So much has gone on here. A lot of people have been frightened.' But she said the image of Christ is the strangest of the strange encounters the family have experienced. Ms Murphy explained: 'We’d just had the floor laid down and I was taking a picture for my solicitor. Ms Murphy says her family have encountered ghosts, heard babies crying and even been prodded in their sleep, in their haunted home . 'The floor was totally clear. When I looked at the image, it sent a shiver down my spine. I could makeout eyes, a nose, mouth, long hair and beard. A lot of people have said it looks like Jesus.' In another scene straight from a horror movie, Ms Murphy's sick soon claimed to have had a very personal encounter with the unknown. Ms Murphy said: 'As he lay in bed, massive beams of light bounced off the walls. He said he also felt something touching him.' She said the spiritualist had confirmed the family's suspicions about their house being haunted, saying, 'there was an awful lot of activity going on in the house'. Ms Murphy added: 'No one can explain it. And no one can tell us what it means.' Despite the scary happenings, Ms Murphy said she was 'not scared any more' and her family, including her children who are aged between 14 and 30, aren't going to move.
highlights: The spooky image appeared in a photograph taken for insurers . The family has also encountered ghosts at their Birmingham home . A spiritualist said there was 'an awful lot of activity going on' at the property .
id: 8267aae587d453ba1b2aa796910866335482ab4c
chatgpt: A family in Birmingham, UK, has been left terrified after a spooky image appeared in a photograph taken for insurers. The picture, which was taken during a routine inspection of the property, seems to show a ghostly figure lurking in the background. According to the family, this is not the first time they have encountered ghosts in their home. They reportedly called in a spiritualist who confirmed that there was "an awful lot of activity going on" at the property. The family, who have asked not to be named, say they have experienced a range of spooky incidents since moving into the house seven years ago. These include doors slamming shut on their own, objects moving by themselves, and strange noises such as footsteps and whispers. The photograph was taken by an inspector from the family's insurance company, following a claim for water damage. The family say they did not notice the spooky figure in the background until they were reviewing the images later. "It was really creepy," one family member told reporters. "We showed it to our friends and they all noticed the figure straight away. It's definitely not something we expected to see." The family's experiences have attracted the attention of paranormal investigators and ghost hunters, who are keen to explore the property for themselves. However, the family say they are not keen on the idea and just want to be left alone. "We're all terrified," another family member said. "We don't know what's going on in this house, but we know it's not good. We just want to find a way to get rid of whatever it is." The spiritualist who visited the property said that there was "a lot of negative energy" present and that the family needed to take steps to protect themselves. This could involve cleansing rituals, such as smudging with sage or using protective crystals, as well as keeping the home clear of clutter and negative emotions. The family say they are willing to try anything to rid their home of the spooky goings-on. They have even considered moving out, but are worried that the problem may follow them to their new home. This is not the first time that Birmingham has been in the news for spooky goings-on. The city is home to a number of reportedly haunted locations, including the famous "black monk" of HMP Birmingham and the spooky corridors of Aston Hall. For now, the family are still living in their haunted home, trying to cope with the spooky incidents that seem to be a regular occurrence. Whether they will be able to rid themselves of their unwanted housemates remains to be seen.