article: By . David Kent . Neymar's recovery from the back injury he suffered at the World Cup is continuing apace as the Barcelona forward takes a holiday with girlfriend Bruna Marquezine in Spain. The couple are relaxing on the beaches of Formantera as Neymar - complete with back support - completes his rehabilitation. Neymar . was ruled out of his country's dismal final two matches at their home . tournament after injuring his back in the quarter-final against . Colombia. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Neymar break down in tears revealing wheelchair fear . Bit of support: Neymar shows off the brace he is wearing as he recovers from injury . Chilling out: Neymar and his girlfriend Bruna are joined by a group of pals on a boat . Happy holidays: The couple were also spotted in Formentera, Spain . Fans' favourite: Neymar stopped by selfie hunters and well-wishers on the beach . Paddle: Bruna having a dip in the sea . His side went on . to be humiliated 7-1 against eventual champions Germany before limping . to a 3-0 defeat in the third-place play-off against Holland. Neymar . will link up with new striker Luis Suarez at Barcelona, with the . Spanish media reporting that he'll form a partnership with the . Uruguayan, with talisman Lionel Messi playing in the No 10 role. The forward signed for Barcelona last summer, where he went on to score nine goals in 26 La Liga appearances. Snapped: Fans stop to take pics of the superstar as he walks past . We're all in the same boat: Neymar and his crew go for a sail . All at sea: The couple head out to sea on their boat . Watch that back! Neymar looks unsure as he is snapped climbing out of the boat .
highlights: Neymar relaxes on holiday with girlfriend Bruna Marquezine . The couple are in Spain as he continues recovery from back injury . Set to link up with new signing Luis Suarez on his Barcelona return .
id: 49237ae8cec56b2eb08ea4317c340e5f8d4b2017
chatgpt: Brazilian football superstar Neymar, who suffered a serious back injury during the World Cup 2014, is taking full advantage of his time off to relax and recover with his girlfriend Bruna Marquezine in Spain. The couple have been spotted on a picturesque beach enjoying some quiet time together.  Neymar looks to be making the most of his downtime as he continues his road to full recovery. His holiday comes at a crucial moment in his career as he is set to link up with Barcelona's new signing, the Uruguayan striker Luis Suarez, when he returns to the team. The 22-year-old forward has been undergoing intensive physiotherapy to treat the back injury he sustained during the Brazil vs Colombia game, which forced him out of the tournament.  The injury was a major blow to Neymar and his team in their quest for World Cup glory. Despite being ruled out, Neymar remained supportive of his teammates and remained in the country throughout the tournament as a show of solidarity.  However, it's good to see Neymar enjoying his time off and making the most of his recovery period with his girlfriend Bruna. The couple, who have been dating on and off since 2013, seemed happy and relaxed as they strolled on the beach and enjoyed each other's company.  Neymar is one of the brightest stars in football at the moment and has attracted millions of fans around the world for his impressive skills and flashy style of play. He joined Barcelona in 2013 and has since become one of the team's most important players.  With the addition of the Luis Suarez, who moved to Barcelona from Liverpool during the summer transfer window, the team is set to become even stronger. Suarez is regarded as one of the best strikers in the world and is set to form a formidable partnership with Neymar and Lionel Messi.  We wish Neymar a speedy recovery and hope he returns to the pitch soon, fully fit and ready to take on the world. For now, we can enjoy some peace of mind out of the football field, seeing Neymar relaxed and happy on his beach holiday with his girlfriend, Bruna Marquezine.