article: By . Sarah Griffiths . PUBLISHED: . 07:49 EST, 14 August 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 08:08 EST, 14 August 2013 . Badgers might be known for being a menace in gardens by digging up lawns, but the creatures have proved they can be useful by helping German archaeologists uncover the graves of Medieval warriors. At least eight graves were found at a site in north Germany, including a skeleton still clutching a sword and 'wearing' an intricate belt buckle in the shape of a serpent. An artist saw the badgers digging up bones and called experts to find out what the creatures had uncovered. This nobleman was buried with a bronze belt buckle of a snakes head, a double edge sword and bowl by his feet ( all pictured). Archaeologists said he was a well-equipped warrior. Scars and bone-breaks show that he had been hit by lances and swords, and had also fallen from a horse . Artist Lars Wilhelm realised the badgers were digging into a grave, when he was watching them near his home in Brandenburg, according to a German news website. He has been studying the badger set for around five years and told The Local: 'My wife and I are both sculptors. [We] wanted to put artworks in there'. However, their plans have been scuppered by the discovery of the bones. Mr Wilhelm called experts as soon as he realised the animals might have broken into a grave, the Berliner Zeitung newspaper reported. Archaeologists expanded on the badgers' helpful excavation work to uncover eight graves, including two skeletons that appear to noblemen. The archaeologists (pictured) were alerted to the discovery of old skeletons by an artist living in Brandenburg, north Germany, who had seen badgers recover bones . Professor Felix Biermann from the Ernst-August University in Göttingen, who lead the dig, believes the badgers found late Slavish graves that date from the 12th Century. He said the Uckermark Stolpe area was home to Christians at the time, as well as the rulers thought to be buried in the graves, which he believes held independent heathen beliefs. One of the skeletons is thought to have been 40 at the time of death and was buried with a double-edged sword and bronze bowl at his feet. Professor Biermann said: 'At the time such bowls were used to wet the hands before eating. The bowls would a sign that a man belonged to the upper classes.' The same warrior was buried with a bronze belt buckle of a snakes head, which the archaeologists believe originally came from Scandinavia. The professor said: 'He was a well-equipped warrior. Scars . and bone-breaks show that he had been hit by lances and swords, and had . also fallen from a horse.' An archaeologist said the Uckermark Stolpe area (pictured) was home to Christians in the 12th Century, as well as the rulers thought to be buried in the graves, which he believes held independent heathen beliefs .
highlights: A German archaeologist has said that badgers living in Brandenburg have uncovered late Slavish warrior graves that date to the 12th Century . Researchers from Ernst-August University said the area was mainly home to Christians at the time but the warriors were probably heathen . They were found buried with a double-edged sword, bowl and snake-shaped belt buckle .
id: c97c18d2648ce897a6c7e2581da72c9ac5f8f8fc
chatgpt: Badgers living in the German state of Brandenburg have inadvertently led archaeologists to an exciting discovery. According to reports, the animals have uncovered a number of late Slavish warrior graves that date back to the 12th century. Researchers from Ernst-August University have been studying the graves, which have given great insights into life in the region more than 900 years ago. The area where the graves were found was predominantly Christian at the time, leading researchers to surmise that the warriors were likely members of a heathen tribe in the area. The graves, which were uncovered in the early winter months, were discovered with some very interesting artifacts. Among the items that the warriors were buried with include a double-edged sword, a bowl, and a snake-shaped belt buckle. Lead researcher, Dr. Helmut Bergmann, believes that the artifacts suggest that the warriors were likely part of a tribe that was both wealthy and powerful. He has said, "The artifacts that we have found are indicative of a society that was wealthy and powerful. We believe that these warriors were part of a tribe that was perhaps not aligned with the Christians who were dominating the area at the time." The discovery of the graves was somewhat of a happy accident, with local badgers coming across the site and unearthing it. It was only after archaeologists were called to the scene that the extent of the discovery was understood. As Dr. Bergmann explains, "It's somewhat ironic that these badgers, who likely have no understanding of the historical significance of what they've found, are the ones responsible for leading us to it." Now that the graves have been uncovered and the artifacts inside have been analyzed, researchers are hoping to gain a better understanding of life in the region more than 900 years ago. They plan to continue studying the site to see if any more graves can be unearthed, and to learn more about the people who lived and died there. The discovery of these graves is a reminder that history is all around us, and that even the smallest and most unexpected things can lead to significant discoveries. As Dr. Bergmann notes, "It's amazing to think that these badgers were able to uncover something that has been hidden for centuries. It's a testament to the power of nature, and to the importance of never giving up on the search for knowledge and understanding."