article: The latest norovirus outbreak aboard the Princess Cruises' Crown Princess has infected 172 people, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. At least 158 of 3,009 passengers and 14 of 1,160 crew members came down with the virus aboard the Crown Princess during a 28-day cruise that docked in Los Angeles on Sunday. This ship had sailed from Los Angeles to Hawaii and Tahiti. Are cruise ships floating petri dishes? Onboard rapid norovirus testing resulted in positive results of the virus, the CDC investigation update confirmed. "Over the last few days, the ship began seeing an increased number of gastrointestinal illnesses, caused by norovirus (commonly referred to as the stomach flu)," said Princess Cruises spokeswoman Susan Lomax, via email. "In response, we have enacted our stringent disinfecting protocols developed in conjunction with the U.S. Centers for Disease Control (CDC), which includes an extensive deep cleaning of the ship and the terminal in Los Angeles on Sunday before the ship embarks on its next voyage." The CDC statement confirmed the ship has implemented CDC sanitation procedures to slow the disease's spread. The cruise line also made announcements to notify onboard passengers of the outbreak, encouraging hand hygiene and case reporting. Passengers about to board the ship were also supposed to be notified. At least 122 of 3,161 passengers and 30 of 1,176 crew members aboard the Crown Princess were sickened on an April sailing, according to the CDC. The federal agency blamed norovirus and E. Coli for the outbreak. Norovirus is known for being quite contagious. It causes nausea, vomiting and diarrhea and is believed to have infected passengers on a number of cruise ships this year. "As it is the cold and flu season, when the stomach flu circulates on land, we encourage all of our guests to be diligent in following the widely accepted practices of frequent hand washing with soap and water and the use of hand sanitizers," said Lomax. Is your cruise safe? In February, 114 passengers and 10 crew members took ill on the Holland America cruise ship MS Veendam during a weeklong voyage. In January, more than 600 people on cruise ships sailing in the Caribbean fell ill from the virus, the CDC reported. How the Navy avoids norovirus . Norovirus infects many people on land, but health officials track it on cruise ships, leading to more frequent reporting of cases, the CDC said. It is passed in person-to-person contact and can spread more easily in closed quarters.
highlights: 158 passengers and 14 crew members come down with norovirus . Princess Cruises' Crown Princess was on a nearly-month long trip . U.S. health officials track it on cruise ships, leading to more frequent reporting .
id: f43e23d6c969dbb049af1e7b5645f4afe42fdad6
chatgpt: 158 passengers and 14 crew members aboard the Princess Cruises’ Crown Princess have contracted norovirus, according to reports. The ship had been on a nearly month-long trip before health officials tracked the virus on board. The outbreak has led to more frequent reporting on cruise ships by US health authorities, as concerns grow over the spread of the highly contagious norovirus. The cruise industry has been plagued by norovirus outbreaks for years, but this latest outbreak has raised fresh concerns among health officials. Norovirus is a highly contagious disease that causes severe vomiting and diarrhea, and it is spread very easily in crowded environments like cruise ships. Princess Cruises has said that it is working closely with health officials to monitor the outbreak and to take all necessary precautions to prevent its spread. The company has also instituted enhanced sanitation procedures to help stop the spread of the virus. The Crown Princess is a massive cruise ship, with 3,080 passengers and 1,200 crew on board. The ship sailed from Los Angeles on a 28-day trip, traveling to Hawaii and Tahiti before returning to its home port. The norovirus outbreak was first detected on the 10th day of the journey, and since then, the number of cases has continued to grow. Passengers who have been infected with the virus have been isolated in their cabins, and crew members are taking extra precautions to prevent the spread of the disease. Despite these efforts, several new cases have been reported in recent days, indicating that the situation is not yet under control. Norovirus outbreaks are not uncommon on cruise ships, but this latest outbreak has led to renewed efforts by health officials to monitor and track the spread of the disease. Cruise lines are being required to report any outbreaks of norovirus to health authorities, and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) has increased its surveillance of cruise ships in an effort to prevent the spread of the disease. As the cruise industry continues to grow, concerns about health and safety on board have become increasingly important. Norovirus outbreaks can be disastrous for cruise lines, as they can damage the company's reputation and hurt sales. As a result, cruise lines are investing heavily in new technologies that can help prevent the spread of the disease, including better sanitation equipment and improved air filtration systems. Despite these efforts, norovirus outbreaks on cruise ships continue to occur. The outbreak on the Crown Princess is just the latest example of how the disease can spread rapidly in crowded environments. With health officials now monitoring cruise ships more closely, it remains to be seen how effective these measures will be in preventing future outbreaks.