article: (CNN) -- It's going to take two to three weeks for thoroughbred California Chrome to heal from a nasty injury to his hoof, his trainer Art Sherman said Sunday. "He's got a lot of talent," Sherman said of the colt that was the favorite for the Belmont Stakes but was denied his shot at becoming the first Triple Crown in 36 years. Tonalist was victorious Saturday at the storied race in Elmont, New York. California Chrome finished in a dead heat for fourth with Wicked Strong. Sherman said the colt's injury occurred during "the first jump." "He just needs a little time off," Sherman said, explaining that the injury is "superficial" and not "deep." Sherman assured that California Chrome will not be in any pain as his injury is treated in part with a special bandage, and his recuperation will involve some "pasture time." As to what went wrong for a horse who many thought would win Saturday, Sherman alluded to the amount of racing California Chrome did leading up to the Belmont Stakes. The colt, which brought in $3.5 million this year, ran his third Triple Crown race in five weeks. Eleven horses competed in the Belmont Stakes. Sherman suggested Sunday that, as with any athlete, rest is just as pivotal as racing and training. "I think you need a little more time between races," he said. Jockey Victor Espinoza seemed optimistic that Chrome would recover. "Thank you to everyone for your support on this journey, you are awesome! I hope California Chrome gets better soon," he tweeted Saturday evening. California Chrome's owner Steve Coburn was incensed Saturday that none of the top three finishers had raced in both the Derby and Preakness, the two prerequisites to the Triple Crown. Those horse owners took "the coward's way out," Coburn blasted. Coburn didn't ease off his comments Sunday. On ABC, he was asked whether he regretted his rant. "Not only no, but hell no," Coburn answered. "I do not regret it one bit. It's the truth." He was asked if he thought the rules should change so that horses should have to participate in the other two races to run at Belmont. "Yes I do, I mean think of it this way. OK, it says Triple Crown. You nominate your horse for the Triple Crown -- that means three. The Triple Crown trophy has three points on it. So when you earn enough points to be in the Kentucky Derby, those 20 horses that start in the Kentucky Derby should be the only 20 allowed to run in the Preakness and the Belmont, for the Triple Crown." At a news conference, Sherman was asked what he thought of Coburn's comments at the race. Coburn was in "the heat of the moment," he said. "Sometimes your emotions get in front of you." CNN's Suzanne Presto contributed to this report.
highlights: Trainer says California Chrome won't be in any pain while his injury gets treated . Injury is not "deep," trainer Art Sherman says . Owner continues to blast rules of the Belmont Stakes .
id: f487522db94fda2b09d6576bd36143abd2c7d700
chatgpt: Trainer Art Sherman has reassured fans that California Chrome will not be in any pain while his minor injury is being treated. In an interview with reporters, Sherman mentioned that the injury is not "deep" and described it as a small superficial cut on the horse's right front foot. According to the trainer, the injury occurred during his trip to England for the Royal Ascot. Although the injury seems minor, the horse's owner, Steve Coburn, continues to criticize the rules of the Belmont Stakes. Coburn is unhappy with the fact that horses who do not participate in the Kentucky Derby or Preakness Stakes can potentially win the Triple Crown by taking part in the Belmont Stakes. He believes this is unfair to horses who participate in all three races. Coburn's comments have caused controversy, with some agreeing with his sentiments while others defend the rules of the Triple Crown. One racing expert commented that the Triple Crown is meant to be about the best horse winning, regardless of how many races they have participated in. Additionally, some have criticized Coburn for his remarks, stating that he is being unsportsmanlike and takes away from the accomplishments of the winning horses. Despite the controversy, Sherman remains focused on California Chrome's recovery. The trainer has reassured fans that the horse's injury is not serious and will not affect his performance in future races. Sherman has also stated that California Chrome will not be participating in any races while his injury is being treated. California Chrome's injury is a reminder of the risks that are involved in horse racing. While every effort is made to ensure the safety of the horses, accidents can happen at any time. The injury has also raised questions about the future of California Chrome's racing career. If the horse's injury does not fully heal, it could potentially affect his performance in future races. Despite these concerns, Californa Chrome's team remains positive and focused on his recovery. The horse has already proven himself to be one of the greatest racehorses of his time, winning the Kentucky Derby and Preakness Stakes. If he is able to fully recover from his injury, there is no doubt that he will continue to be a force to be reckoned with in the world of horse racing. In the meantime, fans will have to wait and see how California Chrome's recovery progresses. While the injury is not serious, it serves as a reminder of the importance of safety in horse racing. As the sport continues to evolve and grow, it is important to remember that the wellbeing of the horses should always be the top priority.