article: (CNN) -- The man believed to have killed a police officer Monday before an explosion rocked the New Hampshire duplex where the shooting happened did not have a criminal record -- not even a motor vehicle record -- prosecutors said Tuesday. Investigators believe that Michael Nolan, 47, shot and killed police officer Steve Arkell before losing his own life in a fire and explosion that followed. The Brentwood, New Hampshire, Police Department was in mourning Tuesday, even as investigators tried to understand how one officer's response to a domestic disturbance call ended this way. Monday was the first time that police were called to the home shared by Michael Nolan and his father Walter Nolan, 86, said Jane Young, chief of the New Hampshire attorney general's criminal bureau. Young said officer Arkell responded to a call at the home Monday afternoon, where the younger Nolan was allegedly swearing at his father. When Arkell arrived, he met with Walter Nolan in front of the house and was granted permission to enter, Young said. After the officer entered, three volleys of gunfire were heard, and another emergency call was made by a neighbor to report the shots, Young said. A second officer arrived and entered the residence, where "he noticed that there was a wall that had been sprayed with bullets, and he saw officer Arkell on the floor, on his back," Young said. The officer was met with gunfire and he retreated to call for backup. As authorities built up a presence around the house, a fire was spotted by the front, followed by an explosion that was captured live on air by CNN affiliate WCVB-TV. A witness told police that arguing had been heard from the Nolan home before, but police had not been called. Young said investigators may never know what prompted the argument because of the father's diminished mental state and difficulty communicating. The incident is being investigated by the state and federal authorities, according to Foster. The 48-year-old Arkell was married and the father of two teenage girls, affiliate WMUR reported. New Hampshire Gov. Maggie Hassan ordered that flags in the state be flown at half-staff in honor of Arkell. "I join all Granite Staters in mourning the loss of Brentwood police officer Steve Arkell, who died ... doing his job, protecting his community," she said. Brentwood is a town of about 4,200, located 50 miles north of Boston. CNN's Ed Payne, Janet DiGiacomo and Susan Candiotti contributed to this report.
highlights: Prosecutors believe Michael Nolan shot and killed a police officer . Nolan himself is believed to have died in an ensuing fire and explosion . There is no criminal record for Nolan -- not even a motor vehicle record .
id: ebbfe558edb659ab20925e345b704b82cf3138b1
chatgpt: In a tragedy that has sent shock waves throughout the community, prosecutors believe that Michael Nolan was responsible for the deadly shooting of a police officer. According to sources close to the investigation, Nolan is believed to have died in an ensuing fire and explosion, which occurred shortly after the shooting. The incident occurred in a residential neighborhood, and nearby residents reported hearing loud explosions and gunshots. Nolan was a relatively unknown figure in the community, and there is little information available about him at this time. Authorities have stated that they have no criminal record for Nolan, not even a motor vehicle record. The shooting of the police officer is believed to have taken place while the officer was responding to a call in the area. Details of the incident are still emerging, and authorities have not yet released the identity of the officer who was killed. The community has been left reeling in the wake of the tragedy, and residents have expressed their shock and horror at the events that have taken place. Many are calling for an investigation into how the incident was able to occur in the first place. Some have speculated that Nolan may have had a history of mental illness or substance abuse, though these claims have not been confirmed by authorities. Others have questioned whether there were any warning signs or red flags that should have prompted intervention before the shooting. As the investigation continues, authorities are urging anyone with information about the incident to come forward. They have also asked the community to remain calm and vigilant, as they work to determine what lead up to the tragedy. Local officials have expressed their condolences to the family and loved ones of the slain officer, and have pledged to do everything in their power to bring the perpetrator to justice. The shooting has prompted a renewed focus on the need for increased safety measures for law enforcement officers. Many have called for improved training and resources for officers in the field, and for greater investment in programs that support the mental health and well-being of police officers. As the community mourns the loss of one of its own, many are looking for answers and seeking to make sense of the senseless violence that has rocked their community. In the days and weeks to come, investigators will be working tirelessly to uncover the truth behind this heartbreaking tragedy.