article: (CNN) -- Demonstrators protested in Saudi Arabia's Eastern Province on Friday to demand the release of Shiite prisoners they feel are being held unjustly. An outspoken Shiite prayer leader who demonstrators say was arrested last Friday was a focal point of the "day of rage" protest, said Ibrahim al-Mugaiteeb, president of the Human Rights First Society. Sheikh Tawfeeq Al-Amer was arrested Friday after a sermon stating that Saudi Arabia should become a constitutional monarchy, al-Mugaiteeb said. Saudi Arabian authorities could not be immediately reached for comment. The protest comes on the heels of two similar demonstrations held in the province Thursday, al-Mugaiteeb said, when about 200 protesters in the city of Qatif and 100 protesters in the city of Awamiyya called for the release of Shiite prisoners. Al-Mugaiteeb said authorities arrested 22 people who participated in Thursday's protest in Qatif. "We deplore this action by the Saudi security forces," he said. Another protest took place in Riyadh after Friday prayer, according to two Saudi activists. The sources asked not to be identified because of concerns for their safety. According to the activists, as many as 40 anti-government demonstrators gathered outside Al-Rajhi Mosque for a short protest. At least one man involved in organizing the protest was arrested by Saudi police, the activists said. The activists said the protesters attracted a crowd of worshipers leaving the mosque. Some of the protesters carried signs showing a map of Saudi Arabia that did not contain the words "Kingdom of Saudi Arabia," a clear affront to the Saudi royal family. Saudi Arabia has cracked down on protests in the past. Shiites are a minority in Saudi Arabia. They live primarily in the Eastern Province -- where many major oil companies operate. The protests come as sectarian violence between Shiites and Sunnis flares in neighboring Bahrain. Analysts believe protests in Bahrain could spill over into Saudi Arabia's oil fields, located mostly in Shiite provinces. After three months abroad for medical treatment, Saudi Arabia's King Abdullah returned home late last month to a Middle East shaken by unrest, and announced a series of sweeping measures aimed at relieving economic hardship and meeting with Bahrain's beleaguered monarch. The Saudi government released three Shiite political prisoners ahead of the king's return.
highlights: The focus of Friday's protest is a Shiite prayer leader arrested last week . Hundreds of protesters Thursday also called for the release of Shiite prisoners . Shiites are a minority in Saudi Arabia . Analysts believe protests in Bahrain could spill over into Saudi Arabia .
id: 6fecadc30007b921d6b835452ee290da19bd587d
chatgpt: On Friday, hundreds of Shiite protesters took to the streets of Saudi Arabia to demand the release of a prayer leader who was arrested last week. The protesters were seen holding up pictures of the Shiite leader and chanting slogans calling for his immediate release. This comes after hundreds of protesters took to the streets on Thursday to call for the release of Shiite prisoners in the country. Shiites are a minority in Saudi Arabia, making up around 10-15% of the population. They have long complained of discrimination and marginalization in the country, where the majority of the population follow the Sunni branch of Islam. The protests have raised concerns among analysts that unrest in Bahrain, where Shiite protests have been ongoing since 2011, could spill over into Saudi Arabia. Bahrain is home to a large Shiite population and has been the site of ongoing protests against the Sunni monarchy, which has a close relationship with Saudi Arabia. Saudi Arabia has been cracking down on dissent in the country since the Arab Spring protests in 2011. Dozens of activists, including human rights defenders and women's rights campaigners, have been arrested and imprisoned in the country. The government has also been accused of using torture and other forms of mistreatment against detainees. Critics of the Saudi government say that the crackdown on dissent is part of a broader effort to maintain control and suppress any signs of opposition. They argue that the government's close relationship with the United States and other Western nations has allowed it to escape accountability for its human rights abuses. The protest on Friday is just the latest in a series of demonstrations by Saudi Arabia's Shiite minority. In 2017, several Shiite activists were killed in clashes with security forces in the eastern part of the country, where many Shiites live. Despite the risks, the protesters have vowed to continue their demonstrations until their demands are met. They say that they will not be silenced by the government's crackdown on dissent and will continue to fight for their rights and freedoms. As tensions continue to rise in the region, it remains to be seen how the Saudi government will respond to the protests. Will they continue to crack down on dissent, or will they be forced to address the concerns of the country's minority populations? Only time will tell.