article: (CNN) -- Maria Sharapova's preparations for the Australian Open suffered a blow when she was forced to pull out of the season opening tournament in Brisbane Tuesday with a right collarbone injury. The World No.2 was due to play Australian wildcard Jarmila Gajdosova in the second round, but said she had "ran out of time" in her battle to recover from the problem. "I have a bit of inflammation in my collarbone," she told the official tournament website. The 25-year-old Russian said she had sent scans to her doctor in New York to assess the injury, which forced her out of an exhibition tournament in South Korea last week. "He told me I couldn't really do much overhead training for about a week," revealed Sharapova. "So to be fair, I haven't really given myself a chance to pretty much hit any serves or anything over my head. Just been practicing groundstrokes," she added. The reigning French Open champion will also skip next week's WTA tournament in Sydney to recover in time for the start of the Australian Open on January 14. Sharapova was also forced to pull out of last year's Brisbane tournament, but went on to reach the final of the Australian Open, where she was beaten by Victoria Azarenka of Belarus. Azarenka is the top seed in Brisbane and will play her second round match against Sabine Lisicki of Germany Wednesday. Gajdosova will play lucky loser Lesia Tsurenko of Ukraine, who replaces Sharapova in the draw. In second round action Tuesday, Serena Williams needed exactly one hour to reach the quarterfinals with a crushing 6-2 6-2 win over France's Alize Cornet in the night session. The 15-times grand slam winner was, like Sharapova, an injury doubt before the start of the season, but has shrugged off a foot problem to look in ominous early season form. She hit 25 winners, including six aces, to overpower Cornet. But former champion and sixth seed Petra Kvitova was sent crashing 6-4 7-5 by Russia's Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova. Fifth-seeded Italian Sara Errani also lost in three sets to 2012 runner-up Daniela Hantuchova 4-6 6-1 7-5. U.S. Open champion Andy Murray is the top seed in the ATP event in Brisbane and begins his campaign Thursday against qualifier John Millman . The Australian beat Japan's Tatsuma Ito 6-4 6-1 to earn the prestigious clash. Uzbekistan's Denis Istomin beat eighth seed Martin Klizan of Slovakia 6-1 6-2 in another upset. At the Hopman Cup in Perth, Venus Williams continued her fine form as the United States beat France 2-1 for their second victory in the mixed team event. Jo-Wilfried Tsonga beat John Isner 6-3 6-2 to put France ahead before Williams fought off Mathilde Johansson 3-6 7-5 6-4 to draw the U.S. level. The seven-time grand slam champion, elder sister of Serena, then paired with Isner to beat Johansson and Tsonga 6-7 6-2 10-8 in a tight deciding rubber.
highlights: Maria Sharpapova forced out of Brisbane International . Right collarbone injury has not cleared up in time . Serena Williams marches into last eight with straight sets win . John Millman earns second round clash with Andy Murray .
id: f3ef3ec86ec7e41813ca9f5bf33c94fa0120aceb
chatgpt: Australian Open preparations for Maria Sharapova have been disrupted as the former world No. 1 was forced to withdraw from the Brisbane International. The Russian tennis player revealed that a right collarbone injury has not cleared up in time for her to take part in the tournament, which begins on January 6. Sharapova had been due to make her comeback in Brisbane, where she was also set to open her preparations for the Australian Open – the first Grand Slam of the year – which begins on January 20. However, the injury has forced her to rethink her schedule as she looks to recover in time for the start of the Australian Open. Sharapova had been hoping to use the Brisbane International as a springboard ahead of the Australian Open, where she is a five-time finalist and former champion. However, the injury means the 32-year-old has now been forced to miss the tournament for the second year in a row. Meanwhile, Serena Williams marched into the last eight of the Brisbane International with a straight-sets win over Tsvetana Pironkova. The 23-time Grand Slam champion, who is on a mission to equal Margaret Court's all-time record of 24 Grand Slam titles, looked in fine form as she defeated the Bulgarian 6-1, 6-4 in just over an hour. Williams will now face either Madison Keys or Danielle Collins in the quarter-finals on Friday, with the winner likely to face defending champion Karolina Pliskova in the last four. In other results on Wednesday, Australia's John Millman earned a second-round clash with Andy Murray after defeating Frenchman Ugo Humbert in straight sets. The win came two days after Millman defeated world No. 14 Karen Khachanov in the first round. Murray, who is making his long-awaited return to singles action after hip surgery, will provide a stern test for Millman in what is sure to be a hotly-contested match on Thursday. The Brisbane International continues on Thursday with a number of intriguing matches, including world No. 2 and defending champion Karolina Pliskova taking on American Alison Riske in the second round. Also in action will be former French Open champion Jelena Ostapenko, who takes on fifth seed Petra Kvitova in what promises to be an exciting encounter. Despite Sharapova's withdrawal, the Brisbane International is still set to be a fascinating tournament, with some of the world's top players in action ahead of the Australian Open. With plenty of top-quality matches still to come, tennis fans will be hoping for an entertaining and competitive tournament in the coming days.