article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 09:31 EST, 1 October 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 09:32 EST, 1 October 2012 . Concerned parents in South Carolina are up in arms after their children returned from school with fliers encouraging them to participate in a beauty pageant. The pageant at Indian Land Elementary School was to find a warrior king and queen to 'represent their school all year long during school events.' Winners would be judged on their 'facial beauty, sparkling personality, and overall appeal,' read the flier, and there would be extra prizes for 'best smile, best hair and best eyes.' Indian Land Elementary: Parents were outraged after their kids were sent home with a flier about a beauty pageant . Protest: Angry parents took to Facebook to voice their concerns about a local beauty pageant . Parent David Dodson was so angered by the pageant that he started a Facebook page to protest. The ‘Say “No!” to Indian Land Elementary Warrior School Pageant’ page featured an image of Honey Boo Boo, the infamous seven-year-old television star who loves beauty pageants, with a red line through her to illustrate their objection to the pageant. 'We try to teach our children that there's much more than someone's outside appearance,' David Dodson told Channel 9. 'I think that kids get enough pressure today to look a certain way, to act a certain way, without bringing something like this in, that is being promoted and is tied to the school, I don't think that's right.' The protest proved popular with other parents and within three hours, the page had received 100 likes and messages of support from other concerned parents. School pageant: A flier advertising the event was sent home with the students . Honey Boo Boo: The reality TV star may love beauty pageants, but parents in Indian Land were concerned about their school entering such a contest . One parent posted that her daughter had come home crying because she didn’t think she was going to be beautiful enough to enter, let alone win, the contest. Organizers have acted quickly following the outraged reaction from parents and the event, which was due to take place on October 20, has now been cancelled. Event organizer Tracy Hyland has been involved in pageants with her daughter for more than 20 years and is a national certified pageant judge. 'As a parent - watching my child go across the stage - it's wonderful,' she told WBTV.com. 'Let's think about the other activities children do - football, dance, soccer, swimming, ice-skating - all of those things are judged.' She says that she received approval from the principal to use the school's name and the pageant was intended to raise funds to buy playground equipment.
highlights: Children sent home with flier advertising pageant to find a warrior king and queen . Prizes offered for 'best smile, best hair and best eyes' Angry protests included a Facebook site using a photo of Honey Boo Boo with a red line crossed through . Event has since been cancelled . Organizer claims pageants are no different from being judged for sports or dancing .
id: 98fe757efd5be5b63fd265baa288c001876fca5f
chatgpt: Controversy erupted in the small town of Millfield, Ohio this week after a local elementary school sent students home with a flier advertising a pageant seeking a warrior king and queen. The event, which was slated to award prizes for the "best smile, best hair and best eyes," sparked an outcry among parents. The uproar was amplified by a Facebook site featuring a photo of Honey Boo Boo with a red line crossed through it, calling for a boycott of the pageant. The site quickly garnered hundreds of likes and shares, with many parents condemning the pageant as "inappropriate" and "objectifying." Organizer Brenda Thompson, who has been staging similar pageants for more than a decade, defended the event as harmless fun. "It's not any different from being judged for sports or dancing," she told local news outlets. "It's just a way for kids to feel special and have some fun." But the backlash was too much for Thompson, who ultimately decided to cancel the pageant. "I didn't realize it would cause such a stir," she said. "I just wanted to do something nice for the kids." Some parents, however, remain unconvinced. "I don't want my child to grow up thinking that their worth is measured by how they look," said Millfield mom Jennifer Reed. "There are plenty of other ways for them to feel special and have fun." Others praised the cancellation as a victory for feminist values. "It's about time we started pushing back against these kinds of outdated and harmful beauty standards," said local activist Rachel Hernandez. "We need to teach our kids that they're worth more than just what they look like." It remains to be seen whether this incident will have a lasting impact on the world of children's pageants. Such events have long been controversial, with critics arguing that they sexualize young girls and reinforce harmful gender stereotypes. For some parents, however, pageants remain a beloved tradition. "My daughter loves doing pageants," said Millfield dad Mike Anderson. "It's a chance for her to show off her talents and feel good about herself. I don't see anything wrong with that." As the debate over pageants continues, one thing is clear: the issue of kids and beauty standards is not going away anytime soon. From social media to the classroom, parenting and beyond, the pressure to look a certain way is a pervasive part of our culture. How we respond to it remains an open question.