article: Los Angeles (CNN) -- A woman identified as a Saudi Arabian princess has been accused of holding a domestic servant against her will at her condominium in Irvine, California. Meshael Alayban, 42, faces one felony count of human trafficking. Court details released Thursday say Alayban is one of the wives of Saudi Prince Abdulrahman bin Nasser bin Abdulaziz al Saud. Alayban appeared in an Orange County court in Santa Ana on Thursday, and the judge continued the arraignment until July 29. In the courtroom, Alayban was kept inside a cage-like holding space and spoke with her attorney through the wire webbing. Alayban is being held in the Orange County jail in lieu of $5 million bail. She faces a maximum sentence of 12 years if convicted. Official: Human trafficking probe at Saudi diplomat's home . Police say the servant is a 30-year-old woman, originally from Kenya, who managed to escape Tuesday and flag down a bus. A passenger helped her contact the Irvine Police Department. Investigators say the alleged victim had contracted to work with Alayban's family in Saudi Arabia in March 2012. Her salary was set at $1,600 a month for working eight hours a day, five days a week. But once she arrived in Saudi Arabia, the servant says, her passport was taken from her. She also says she was paid only $220 a month and forced to work 16 hours a day, seven days a week. Alayban's attorney, Paul S. Meyer, indicated in a statement, however, that the incident is essentially a labor dispute. Meyer told the court during the bail hearing that "the police report confirms that there was no physical abuse, no physical restraint, and that the complaints were about hours worked and wages paid," according to his statement. "We intend to fully investigate all facts, and expect that the truth will resolve this matter," Meyer's statement said. Police say Alayban's family traveled to the United States in May with the alleged victim and four women from the Philippines under similar contracts. Armed with a search warrant, Irvine detectives and immigration and homeland security agents later found the four other women in the condominium, a news release from police and the Orange County District Attorney's Office says. Police say all five women are in good health, and at this time, there are no indications of physical abuse. This is the first forced labor human trafficking case to be prosecuted in Orange County under California's Proposition 35, which passed in November and increased the penalty for human trafficking. Read more: Hong Kong man convicted of human trafficking in Canada . CNN's Stella Chan contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: Princess's lawyer indicates incident is a labor dispute over wages and hours . NEW: Her attorney points out "there was no physical abuse, no physical restraint" Meshael Alayban faces one felony count of human trafficking . Her alleged victim is a 30-year-old Kenyan woman who worked for her, police say .
id: ec54efce0761109bd3ffd61975def1e0921442e1
chatgpt: In a recent development to the case of Meshael Alayban, the Saudi princess who had been charged with human trafficking, her lawyer has indicated that the incident is in fact a labor dispute over wages and hours. The princess’s attorney has also pointed out that there was no physical abuse or restraint involved. According to police reports, the alleged victim in the case is a 30-year-old Kenyan woman who had been working for the princess. The victim claims that she had been forced to work long hours with very little pay and was not allowed to leave the house. After escaping from the princess’s residence, the woman went to the police and informed them of her situation. The case has drawn international attention, with many concerned about the issue of human trafficking and forced labor. The fact that the case involves a member of a royal family has only added to the interest in the case. The defense’s argument that this is a labor dispute over wages and hours is an interesting one. It is not uncommon for domestic workers to be paid very low wages and have very little control over their lives. However, the fact that the victim in this case was allegedly not allowed to leave the house makes the situation much more serious. It remains to be seen how the case will develop, but the fact that the princess’s lawyer is arguing that it is a labor dispute could have an impact on the outcome. If the defense is able to convince the jury that this is simply a matter of a disagreement over pay, then the charges of human trafficking may be dropped. However, the prosecution is likely to argue that the victim in this case was held against her will and was essentially a slave. If they are able to present evidence to support this claim, then the charges against the princess will be much more serious. This case highlights the issue of labor exploitation and forced labor, which is a serious problem around the world. Many domestic workers are brought to countries like the United States under false pretenses and are then forced to work long hours under terrible conditions. This is a problem that needs to be addressed, and cases like this one can help to bring attention to the issue. Overall, the case of Meshael Alayban is shaping up to be a complex and interesting one. The fact that it involves a member of a royal family, as well as allegations of human trafficking and forced labor, only adds to the intrigue. It remains to be seen how the case will develop, but one thing is certain: it is a case that will be closely watched by people around the world.