article: Hours before Robert Xie allegedly murdered five members of the Lin family he shared a dinner with three of them, a court has heard. Lian Bin 'Robert' Xie, 50, is accused of murdering his brother-in-law Min 'Norman' Lin, 45, Mr Lin's wife, Yun 'Lily' Li Lin, 44 and their sons Henry, 12, and Terry, 9 in the early hours of July 18, 2009 in their home in Sydney's northwest. Robert Xie arrives at the NSW Supreme Court in Sydney on Tuesday, where is on trial for the murder of five members of his family . He is also alleged to have killed Lily's sister, Yun Bin 'Irene' Yin, 39. Xie, who has pleaded not guilty, is facing a retrial after his trial earlier this year was cut short. In opening the crown case for a second time at the Supreme Court on Tuesday, prosecutor Mark Tedeschi QC said Xie was 'motivated by intense bitterness and hatred' when he went to their North Epping home and turned off the electricity. Walking around silently, it is alleged he went into Min and Lily's bedroom first and murdered them in their beds. He then killed the third adult, Irene. All three adults had 'very substantial deformation of their faces', with the assault upon them occurring while they were asleep or just waking up, Mr Tedeschi told the jury. Having killed those that represented the largest 'threat', the crown says Xie then went into the bedroom the two boys Henry and Terry shared. Here a struggle did break out. 'The boys were not in their beds ... from the way the room was found there had been a furious struggle,' Mr Tedeschi said. Mr Tedeschi the evidence would establish that there was 'one primary weapon used to subdue and cause the most horrendous injuries to the five victims'. Scroll down for video . Kathy Lin, the of accused murderer Robert Xie arrives at court on Tuesday . This weapon, he alleged was 'hammer-like' and involved a rope being tied around the wrist of the assailant. 'Not a single solitary neighbour heard anything to the horror that went on.' Hours before Xie allegedly carried out the murders, the court heard he had dinner at the Lin grandparents' home with his wife Kathy and her newsagent brother Min. The two boys Henry and Terry were also at dinner. The trial continues. Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
highlights: Lian Bin 'Robert' Xie denies murdering five members of his family . Court told he bludgeoned three adults to death - before turning on the children . It's alleged he was motivated by 'bitterness and hatred' He had dinner with brother-in-law Min and his three children the night before victims' bloodied bodies found . All victims killed in their sleep or 'as they were waking' and were found with 'substantial deformation of their faces' Hearing in Supreme Court is a retrial after first proceedings halted .
id: e55150ce2ac378023eaaf7da6ce06bbb7955161e
chatgpt: Lian Bin 'Robert' Xie, a Sydney man, has pleaded not guilty to the murder of five members of his family. The 55-year-old is being retried after a previous hearing was halted. Xie is accused of bludgeoning three adults to death before turning on the children. It is alleged that he was motivated by 'bitterness and hatred'. The court heard that Xie had dinner with his brother-in-law, Min Lin, and his three children, aged 9, 12 and 15, the night before the victims' bloodied bodies were found. All the victims were killed in their sleep or as they were waking, and were found with substantial deformation of their faces. The prosecution alleges that Xie had a "deep-seated" resentment towards the Lin family and committed the murders out of revenge. The defence maintains that Xie is innocent and that there is no evidence linking him to the crimes. Xie's trial has been eagerly watched by members of the public, keen to hear the details of a case that has been described as "horrific". The allegations have stunned Australia, with the murders of entire families being almost unheard of in the country. The original trial lasted more than a year and a half, but was aborted after the jury was unable to reach a verdict. The retrial, which began on Monday, is expected to last for several months. The Supreme Court has allowed Xie's defence team to call a number of witnesses, including experts in DNA analysis and handwriting analysis. The prosecution has also called a number of witnesses, including forensic experts and family members of the victims. The court heard that Xie had no criminal record and was a respected member of the community. He had been married to Kathy Lin, the sister of Min Lin, for over 16 years. The couple had two children together and lived next door to Min Lin and his family. The Lins were immigrants from China and had been in Australia for more than a decade. Despite the horrific allegations, Xie has maintained his innocence throughout the trial. He has repeatedly stated that he had nothing to do with the murders and that he loved his family. It remains to be seen whether the court will agree with him. The trial is continuing.