article: By . Jack Crone for MailOnline . A gay couple who claim they were kicked out of a cab on a busy Chicago freeway last year just for sharing a kiss are suing the taxi company that employed the driver. Matthew McCrea and Steven White filed the lawsuit against Sun Taxi in Cook County Circuit Court, Illinois, on Monday, claiming afterwards that 'there is still discrimination' towards gay people and 'people that are against us'. The pair already filed a complaint last year with the Illinois Department of Human Rights against the taxi company and the driver, Jama Anshur. Scroll down for video . Suing:  Matthew McCrea (right) and Steven White (left) filed the lawsuit against Sun Taxi in Cook County Circuit Court, Illinois, on Monday . Anshur was fined $1,540 by the Chicago Department of Business Affairs and Consumer Protection and was also fired over the incident, which took place on May 30 2013. Mr McCrea and Mr White had flown from L.A. to Chicago O’Hare International Airport and were heading back to Mr McCrea’s apartment when they jumped into the taxi. After sharing what they say was a short kiss, Anshur became adamant they exit the cab, claiming 'you can't do this -this is public transportation'. When they protested, he began 'driving recklessly and swerving into traffic', reports the Chicagoist. He ejected them on the Kennedy Expressway in the pouring rain at around midnight prompting the couple to call the police. One-second kiss: In an interview after the incident, the couple demonstrated what the kiss was like that got them thrown out of the taxi on to a busy freeway . When officers arrived, the driver, who was waiting in a grocery store in Park Ridge, said they were 'making sex' in the back of his cab  - a claim strongly denied by Mr McCrea and Mr White. The couple say their kiss was a second in length and was something any heterosexual couple could do without drawing any negative repercussions. Anshur has since claimed: 'I told them to stop, it was raining. I couldn't drive with something like that. I have to drive safely because it's raining,' ABC News reports. Pick up: The men were collected in a taxi outside Chicago O’Hare International Airport (above -  cab pictured is from a different company and in no way associated with the incident) In a recent interview with WGN TV, Steven White said: 'Even in states like Illinois, where gays and lesbians are protected by the law, there is still discrimination and there are people that are against us. 'So I think it's just bringing more attention to the issue.' The pair are suing for an undisclosed amount of money. Sun Taxi company were unavailable for comment today.
highlights: Matthew McCrea and Steven White kicked out cab for 'second-long kiss' Couple ejected on to busy Kennedy Expressway on wet night in Chicago . Driver, Jama Anshur, fined around $1,500 over the incident and lost his job . Now pair are filing lawsuit against company claiming 'issue needs attention'
id: 8b43dfd4ce0d542bdfbfbf35beacb410188c1224
chatgpt: Chicago couple, Matthew McCrea and Steven White, were kicked out of a cab for sharing a "second-long kiss", an action that resulted in their ejection onto the busy Kennedy Expressway on a wet night. Now, the couple is filing a lawsuit against the cab company, claiming that the incident needs attention. The cab driver, Jama Anshur, was fined around $1,500 and lost his job over the incident, which occurred in May 2019. Both McCrea and White are seeking damages from Sun Taxi, the company that employed the cab driver. According to the couple, they were on their way home from a night out when they shared a quick kiss in the back of the cab. Almost immediately, they allege, Anshur pulled over and demanded that they leave the vehicle. The couple was then forced to exit onto the expressway, among speeding cars and driving rain. While they managed to call for another cab and eventually make it home safely, they claim that the experience was traumatic and should not have occurred in the first place. In a statement, the couple argued that their experience shows the ongoing problem of discrimination against LGBTQ individuals. The lawsuit represents an effort to hold Sun Taxi accountable for the alleged discrimination perpetrated by their employee. According to the couple, the incident constitutes a violation of Chicago's consumer fraud laws, as well as a breach of contract between the couple and the cab company. The case highlights the ongoing struggle of LGBTQ individuals to gain legal protections against discrimination. While many states and municipalities have enacted protections for LGBTQ individuals, there is still no federal law that explicitly prohibits discrimination on the basis of gender identity or sexual orientation. As a result, many activists argue that incidents like that faced by McCrea and White are not isolated events, but rather reflect broader societal problems around the treatment of LGBTQ people. The couple's attorneys have stated that they are prepared to take the case as far as necessary to gain justice for their clients. Sun Taxi has not yet commented on the lawsuit or the events that led to its filing.