article: By DAMIAN SPELLMAN, PRESS ASSOCIATION . All 92 Barclays Premier League and Sky Bet Football League clubs have been contacted by campaigners in a bid to tackle sexist abuse in the game. Women in Football, backed by the Football Association, has written to every club with recommendations to highlight a series of issues which occur particularly on matchdays. The organisation conducted a survey earlier this year which found that 66 per cent of women employed in football had witnessed sexism in the workplace. A spokesperson for the WiF Board said: 'Women in Football believe that every female employee in the football industry has the right to go about their working lives without being targeted for discriminatory abuse or sexual harassment. Women in Football have issued guidelines to all Premier and Football League clubs about sexism in the game . 'WiF hope that by working with football authorities and clubs, we can bring about a greater understanding of the barriers that women in the industry routinely face. 'We urge all those involved to take these first steps towards acknowledging the experiences of their female employees, and adopting proactive measures to tackle the issue of sexism in the game.' The advice to clubs includes briefing stewards and security staff on match days as to what to look out for and how to deal with it; highlighting the importance of reporting sexist abuse and discrimination; publicising the reporting mechanisms by which complaints can be made; and featuring interviews or profiles of inspirational female employees in matchday programmes to demonstrating a club's commitment to equal opportunities for women. WiF has been logging incidents this season and has recorded complaints of crowd abuse aimed at female employees, including medical staff, match officials and media representatives, at all levels of the game. An FA spokesperson said: 'The FA takes all forms of discrimination seriously and tackling sexism is integral to our work. We encourage reporting of sexism wherever possible either directly via the FA, via the Kick It Out app or other avenues, such as Women in Football. 'We're currently in the vanguard of some exciting work around gender equality, raising the profile of women in key roles across the game and championing women's leadership roles. 'Working collaboratively with the football bodies and organisations like Women in Football, the Muslim Women's Sports Foundation and Kick It Out, will ensure this work has substance and impact.'
highlights: Women in Football issued recommendations to highlight issues relating to sexism that take place in the game, particularly on match days . A WiF survey found 66 per cent of women in the sport had witness sexism . FA spokesperson said it takes all forms discrimination seriously and tackling sexism is 'integral to our work'
id: 5ee46b0c87b8def705722f5aef5766b6439f4e92
chatgpt: The Women in Football (WiF) organization recently issued recommendations aimed at highlighting the issue of sexism in football, particularly on match days. According to a survey conducted by WiF, a staggering 66% of women involved in the sport have witnessed instances of sexism. The recommendations were developed as part of a wider campaign to tackle sexism in football and to draw attention to the prevalence of this issue. WiF has been a vocal advocate of gender equality in the sport and has been working with industry leaders to effect change. The recommendations include a call for increased training on gender diversity for matchday and club staff, as well as for clubs to take a zero-tolerance approach to sexist behaviour at games. The organization is also urging broadcasters and commentators to be mindful of their language and ensure it does not marginalize women in any way. WiF Managing Director, Jane Purdon, has described the recommendations as a much-needed step forward in the ongoing fight for gender equality in football. She said, "we are committed to raising awareness of the issue and working with industry leaders to create a culture where women can excel in the sport without fear of discrimination or harassment." The Football Association (FA) responded to the recommendations by stating that it takes all forms of discrimination seriously and is committed to tackling sexism. A spokesperson for the FA said, "We welcome these recommendations from Women in Football and recognise that tackling sexism is integral to our work. We will continue working with WiF and others across the game to make football a welcoming and inclusive environment for everyone." WiF has been making great strides in the fight for gender equality in football but there is still much work to be done. The organization has been working with clubs and industry leaders to promote the recruitment and retention of women in football, and to provide greater support for women at all levels. This latest initiative is just one of many ways WiF is seeking to raise awareness of the issue and effect real change in the sport. With the backing of industry leaders and the support of fans and players alike, there is hope that a more inclusive and diverse football community can be created. Overall, the recommendations are an important step forward in the fight against sexism in football, shining a light on an issue that has long been neglected. It is clear that more needs to be done to create a more inclusive and diverse football community but with initiatives like this, progress can be made.