article: Washington (CNN) -- It's Christmas in 1787 at Mount Vernon, George Washington's stately home in Alexandria, Virginia. Holidays in the 18th century were usually pretty low key, according to Dean Norton, director of Horticulture at the first president's estate. "It was just all a matter of family being together to enjoy good food, good drink, good family time. And certainly when you add a camel to the mix, it adds a little bit of specialness to the whole atmosphere," he said. A camel? According to Washington's ledger, he paid 18 schillings, a pretty hefty amount for that time, to "the man who brot. A Camel from Alex. for a show" on December 29, 1787. Historians know that Washington paid to see exotic and rare animals throughout his life including a lioness and a tiger. "During his presidency, he paid to see a cougar, a sea leopard, which is kind of like a sea lion, an elephant, and three dollars to see a very smart dog who apparently could beat anybody at this particular card game," according to Norton. He spent the equivalent of $1.75 to see the elephant during his presidency and was so impressed that several months later he went back with the whole family. But as to the reason he brought a camel to Mount Vernon that Christmas, no one really knows. It's possible that he heard that the camel was being shown in Alexandria and he asked if the owner or handler would bring it to Mount Vernon. At the time, entrepreneurs would acquire rare or exotic animals and travel around with them charging the populace to see the animal. Then again, the camel's owner or handler may have found out that George Washington lived down the road and may have visited Mount Vernon hoping that the ex-president would pay to see the camel. Regardless, it wasn't cheap. "If I were the gardener at that time in 1787, I would have been making 20 pounds a year, so it would have come out to about 400 schillings, so it would be half a weeks salary for me for me to pay to see a camel and I certainly wouldn't do that today," said Norton. Mt. Vernon historians estimate that Washington paid enough for 24 adults, or 48 children to see the camel at the going rates for that time. Today, in honor of that Christmas in 1787, visitors to Mt. Vernon during the Christmas season can see and pet a dromedary, or a one humped camel, named Aladdin.
highlights: Washington paid paid 18 schillings, a pretty hefty amount, for a man to bring a camel to Mount Vernon . Washington paid to see exotic and rare animals throughout his life . The sum was enough for 24 adults or 48 children to see the camel .
id: 4154b2256554a10094b82f485362b975db19ed70
chatgpt: In a world far different from our own, the idea of seeing exotic animals was a privilege reserved for the rich and privileged. Such was the case for George Washington, the first President of the United States, who was willing to pay a pretty hefty amount for the pleasure of seeing rare and exotic animals in his lifetime. Recently, historians have uncovered a fascinating detail about Washington's life: he paid 18 shillings to have a man bring a camel to his estate at Mount Vernon. To put it in perspective, that sum would have been enough to allow 24 adults or 48 children to see the camel. This news has sparked a renewed interest in Washington's love for animals, and his penchant for paying to see them. Throughout his life, he was known to even pay for the care and feeding of exotic creatures he was interested in, creating his own little menagerie at Mount Vernon. It's not clear whether Washington actually rode the camel or if he simply admired it from afar, but this new revelation adds another layer of complexity to our understanding of the man. Washington was often portrayed as a stoic, no-nonsense figure, but the reality is that he had his own interests and passions like any other person. Furthermore, it speaks to his willingness to indulge in luxuries that many people today take for granted. For Washington, seeing exotic animals was a rarity and a special treat, something that he was willing to pay a substantial amount of money for. As we think about this interesting tidbit from history, it's worth considering what luxuries we might be willing to pay for in our own lives. What rare or exotic things would we be willing to spend a significant amount of money on to see or experience? For Washington, it was the chance to see a camel up close and personal, but for others, it might be the chance to travel to a far-off destination or indulge in a gourmet meal. Regardless of the specific luxury, the lesson from Washington's life is that it's important to indulge in the things that bring us joy and happiness, even if they do come at a cost. After all, life is short, and we never know when our chance to see something rare or exotic might come around again. So why not seize the opportunity when it presents itself?