article: Hong Kong (CNN) -- State-run media in China has lambasted Apple Inc. for "unparalleled arrogance" over alleged complaints about customer service in China. The Wednesday opinion piece in the Chinese state-run newspaper, the People's Daily, is one of a series of attacks against the U.S. tech giant by Chinese media since a closely watched consumer affairs show aired on the Chinese state broadcaster CCTV on March 15. CCTV alleged that Apple provides inferior service to Chinese customers, such as a warranty policy that is different from other countries. "If you insist on challenging Chinese customers' love and patience, and continue to be heedless, then your business will eventually decline no matter how glamorous or successful your brand is," said the editorial, one of several articles published this week in the People's Daily critical of Apple. Apple declined to comment on the editorial. In a previous statement made Saturday after the CCTV exposé aired, Apple said that its practices in China are "completely legal." "We have been working to exceed consumers' expectations, and we highly value every customer's criticism and suggestions," the statement said. "Apple's Chinese warranty is more or less the same as in the U.S. and all over the world." Apple also says it provides a 90-day guarantee on repairs, which is three times longer than required under Chinese law. The People's Daily editorial also called for China to regulate the practices of foreign businesses and to protect its own consumers and the domestic market. Apple wasn't the only foreign company targeted in the CCTV broadcast. Volkswagen announced last week it would recall nearly 385,000 cars in China after the CCTV program questioned the safety of the direct shift gearbox in some Volkswagen models. READ MORE: Volkswagen to recall 384,181 vehicles in China . After the CCTV broadcast aired, Chinese celebrities posted comments on social media sites in support of the program. Children's literature writer Zheng Yuanjie wrote, "I hope the missing part on Apple's logo isn't their conscience," according to the South China Morning Post. But a comment from the Weibo account of Taiwanese-American actor, Peter Ho, that included the words "To be published around 8.20pm" raised suspicions that the Chinese stars had been recruited to post negative comments. READ MORE: Chinese TV caught asking celebrities to bash Apple . Ho later deleted the comment and claimed his account had been hacked. Social media sites in China have been flooded with criticism against the negative media reports about Apple, claiming that the press is avoiding more serious problems affecting the country. Analysts say that the smear campaign could be linked to Apple's expansion in the Chinese market. China is Apple's fastest growing market and second largest after the U.S. Apple's sales in the greater China region, which includes Hong Kong and Taiwan, rose 67% last year to $6.93 billion from $4.08 billion in 2011.
highlights: Chinese media accused Apple of providing inferior service to local customers . Netizens suspect celebrities were recruited to criticize Apple on social media . Apple says its practices in China are "completely legal" A leading Chinese newspaper lambasted Apple's "unparalleled arrogance" over complaints .
id: 84f9f37a7e15870719177821a6605e2a04973c78
chatgpt: Apple, the American technology giant, has run into trouble again, this time in China. Chinese media have accused Apple of providing inferior service to its local customers, sparking a wave of anger across the country. Netizens, or internet users, have been quick to suspect that celebrities were recruited to criticize Apple on social media, with many pointing out that the timing of the criticism was suspiciously coordinated. Some have suggested that the celebrities may have been "paid off" to criticize Apple. Despite the backlash, Apple has insisted that its practices in China are "completely legal." However, this has done little to satisfy the Chinese government, which has been growing increasingly critical of foreign companies operating within China's borders. A leading Chinese newspaper, the Global Times, lambasted Apple's "unparalleled arrogance" over the complaints, pointing out that the company has long been accused of treating Chinese consumers poorly. The newspaper also criticized Apple for its lack of respect for Chinese culture and traditions, accusing the company of taking Chinese consumers for granted. The criticism comes at a time when tensions between China and the United States are particularly high, with both countries engaged in a trade war that has seen tariffs imposed on billions of dollars' worth of goods. Some observers have suggested that Apple's troubles in China may be connected to wider efforts by the Chinese government to reduce its dependence on foreign technology and promote domestic companies. Apple is not the first foreign company to run into trouble in China. Earlier this year, Swedish fashion retailer H&M faced a furious backlash after it expressed concern about reports of forced labor in China's Xinjiang region. Chinese consumers boycotted the brand, with many accusing it of being "anti-China." Despite the criticism it has received in China, Apple remains one of the world's most valuable companies, with a market value of over $2 trillion. The company's success is built on its reputation for innovative products and exceptional customer service, but it appears that this reputation is being called into question in China. The Chinese market is a critical one for Apple, accounting for around a fifth of the company's global revenue. The company has invested heavily in China in recent years, opening stores and building relationships with suppliers and vendors. Apple has always prided itself on its commitment to corporate social responsibility, but it appears that this commitment is being tested in China. If the company wants to maintain its position in the Chinese market, it will need to take the concerns of Chinese consumers seriously and work to improve its relationship with them. In conclusion, Apple's troubles in China are a worrying sign for the company, which has long relied on the Chinese market for growth. It remains to be seen whether the company will be able to weather the storm and win back the trust of Chinese consumers, but one thing is clear: the days of foreign companies taking China for granted are over.