article: By . Luke Augustus for MailOnline . Follow @@Luke_Augustus29 . Roberto Martinez has admitted he is unsure when Ross Barkley will make a return to first-team action. Barkley missed Everton's opening Premier League 2-2 draw at Leicester on Saturday after suffering a knee injury in training. The England international's knee is still swollen and Martinez says the club can't make an estimate on his recovery until that has reduced. Inconclusive: Everton boss Roberto Martinez says he is unsure when Ross Barkley will return to action . Top talent: Barkley (left) injured his right knee in training prior to the start of the season . Big blow: Martinez says Barkley will undergo a further scan on his knee injury in the next couple of days . Barkley is currently in a knee brace and will undergo a further scan on the injury in the next couple of days. Speaking to the club's official club website Martinez said: 'His knee has reacted really well to treatment. 'I don't know where the figure of five months [in the papers] came from but obviously the extent of the injury is a little unsure at the moment because we don't know how the next two weeks are going to develop. 'It's a medial ligament injury and we know that Ross, in terms of the power and the strength that he has in his body, he could easily react to treatment a lot better than other players. 'The length that Ross will be out is a little uncertain at the moment and it could be anything between the eight weeks that we mentioned or a little further. Until the end of the week, or probably the next 10 days, we won't know how the knee is progressing and how quickly Ross can be back.' Sorely missed: Barkley's injury ruled him out of Everton's 2-2 Premier League draw at Leicester on Saturday .
highlights: Roberto Martinez admits he's unsure when Ross Barkley will be fit again . Barkley is currently out of  with a right knee injury picked up in training . Everton boss Martinez says Barkley will undergo a scan in a couple of days .
id: c42f0fb0123ecf16b28128a538a4d0a74d1bf31d
chatgpt: Everton midfielder Ross Barkley is set to undergo a scan in the coming days as he continues his recovery from a right knee injury. Speaking to reporters, Everton manager Roberto Martinez admitted that he was uncertain about when Barkley would be fit to return to the field. Barkley sustained the injury during a training session and has been out of action since. The 27-year-old has missed a number of important games for Everton, including their recent matches against Manchester United and Aston Villa. Although Martinez was unable to provide a specific timeline for Barkley's recovery, he did confirm that the midfielder would undergo a scan in the next few days. The results of this scan will help the Everton medical team determine the severity of the injury and develop a plan for Barkley's rehabilitation. Despite the uncertainty surrounding Barkley's return, Martinez seemed optimistic about the midfielder's recovery. "Ross is a very strong character and he's working hard to get back to fitness," Martinez said. "We'll give him all the support he needs to get back on the field as soon as possible." Barkley has been one of Everton's key players in recent years, and his absence has been keenly felt by the team. The midfielder has made over 200 appearances for the club, scoring 32 goals in the process. His injury is a blow for Everton as they look to climb the Premier League table and compete for a European spot. However, Martinez is confident that the team will be able to continue to perform well in Barkley's absence. "We have a strong squad and we're confident in the players we have," he said. "We'll continue to work hard and play to our strengths, and we're looking forward to having Ross back as soon as possible." Barkley's scan is expected to take place later this week, and the Everton medical team will provide an update on his condition once the results are available. Fans of the club will be hoping for positive news, as they look forward to seeing their star midfielder back in action.