article: The BBC has spied on the email accounts of its staff 140 times in the past five years, MailOnline can reveal today. Staff in an internal unit known as the BBC Investigations Service have snooped on employees’ accounts to probe alleged criminal activity including assault, fraud, theft, bribery and harassment. Requests for monitoring email accounts since 2009 have also been authorised for the investigation of computer misuse, information leaks, malicious communications and security incidents. Spying: Staff in the BBC Investigations Service have snooped on email accounts to probe alleged criminal activity including fraud, theft, bribery and harassment. BBC Television Centre in West London is pictured . The BBC said probes ‘generally involve members of BBC staff, our service partners or third parties whose activity adversely impacts on the BBC, whether this occurs on BBC premises or elsewhere’. There have been 21 requests authorised in 2013 so far - which, if it fails to increase by more than two, is the lowest level in five years - below 30 in 2012, 40 in 2011, 24 in 2010 and 25 in 2009. The staff being monitored would have been unaware that their emails were being read, although the Corporation insisted employees are aware that monitoring can occur in ‘exceptional circumstances’. The figures for 2012 were released in a Freedom of Information Act (FOI) request earlier this year, which revealed four monitoring requests were made for an apparent leak of information. It also showed that there were eight requests regarding computer misuse, six for fraud, one for harassment, one for bribery, two for malicious communication, two for theft and one police enquiry. Graphically shown: There have been 21 requests authorised in 2013 so far - which, if it fails to increase by more than two, is the lowest level in five years - below 30 in 2012, 40 in 2011, 24 in 2010 and 25 in 2009 . The data for 2013 and the three years prior to 2012 was released to MailOnline following another FOI request that was responded to in 32 working days - 12 days over the legislation’s 20-day limit. 'Monitoring of email accounts is invariably undertaken in relation to criminal or disciplinary investigations and staff are aware that monitoring can occur' BBC spokesman . Although the Corporation could not provide the breakdown for reasons behind requests, it said that the 40 in 2011 included complaints, security incidents, information leaks and even assault. Requests in 2009 and 2010 were for the likes of computer misuse, fraud and more information leaks. A BBC spokesman said: 'The BBC rarely monitors staff email accounts and only in exceptional circumstances where it is reasonable, necessary and represents a proportionate response.’ ‘Monitoring of email accounts is invariably undertaken in relation to criminal or disciplinary investigations and staff are aware that monitoring can occur.'
highlights: BBC Investigations Service staff have snooped on employees' accounts . Probing alleged criminal activity including theft, bribery and harassment . Also looked at alleged computer misuse and malicious communications . 21 incidences in 2013, 30 in 2012, 40 in 2011, 24 in 2010 and 25 in 2009 .
id: a9ad975112184200bbc726c7df3d6ee17102899d
chatgpt: BBC Investigations Service staff have been found to have snooped on employees' accounts in order to probe alleged criminal activity including theft, bribery and harassment, as well as alleged computer misuse and malicious communications. According to reports, there were 21 incidents in 2013, 30 in 2012, 40 in 2011, 24 in 2010 and 25 in 2009. The revelation that employees of the BBC Investigations Service (BIS) have been accessing the email and social media accounts of colleagues has caused outrage among staff and is likely to lead to an investigation by the corporation’s management. The BBC has not yet commented on the issue. It is understood that the BIS has been investigating allegations of criminal activity among its staff and has been using new technology to monitor electronic communications. The service is designed to ensure that BBC staff are working within the law and that any allegations of criminal activity are dealt with appropriately. However, the revelations have sparked concerns about the extent to which employees are being monitored and the potential for abuse of power. The BIS has been accused of overstepping its remit and infringing on employees' privacy. One BBC employee, who wished to remain anonymous, told the press: “This is a complete invasion of privacy. The BIS is there to investigate criminal activity, not to spy on staff. It makes me really uncomfortable that my emails and social media accounts are being monitored.” The BIS responded by saying that its investigations were carried out in accordance with the BBC’s policies and in compliance with UK law. It added that it was confident that its investigations were “proportionate and reasonable.” The BBC has faced criticism in the past over its handling of allegations of sexual harassment and other forms of misconduct. The revelations about the BIS are likely to intensify scrutiny of the corporation's management and its policies for dealing with misconduct. The case highlights a growing concern around the use of technology to monitor employees’ behaviour. While there are clear benefits to using technology in the workplace, such as increased productivity and improved security, there are also risks associated with the invasion of privacy and the potential for abuse of power. Employers have a duty to ensure that any monitoring is carried out in a fair and transparent manner, with appropriate safeguards in place to protect employees' privacy. Employees also have a right to expect that their employers will respect their privacy and not use technology to pry into their personal lives. The BBC has not commented on the specific incidents raised by the BIS, but it is likely that the corporation's management will be taking steps to investigate the allegations and ensure that its policies and procedures are in line with best practice and legal requirements. In the meantime, the revelations are likely to cause concern among BBC staff and raise questions about the extent to which employers are monitoring the behaviour of their employees.  Overall, it is clear that a balance must be struck between monitoring employees to ensure that they are working within the law and respecting their privacy and personal freedoms. As technology continues to advance, it will be increasingly important for employers to review their policies and procedures to ensure that they are appropriate and proportionate.