article: Muhammad Ali is widely renowned as the best boxer to have ever lived - 'The Greatest' in fact - and he has inspired children around the world to take up the sport. Perhaps the most impressive professional boxer he inspired is former world champion Mike Tyson, who was feared around the world for his tenacity in the ring. Tyson, who was never far from controversy during his career, reveals the influence which Ali had on his life during the soon-to-be-released documentary film 'I Am Ali'. A film about Muhammad Ali's life, 'I Am Ali', is to be released on November 28 in the UK . Mike Tyson reveals that Ali inspired him to take up boxing when he met him in a youth detention centre . Tyson says that Ali was so inspirational that he would listen into his phonecalls just to hear his hero speak . Ali (right) eats some of his 57th brithday cake while standing next to Tyson in January 1999 . When spending time in a 'reformatory' - a youth detention centre - in the Bronx, New York, Tyson reveals that he was told he was in for a 'surprise'. After watching the film 'The Greatest', which stars Ali as a dramatised version of himself, Tyson and the other children were paid a surprise visit by the man himself. Describing the incident in the film, Tyson explains: 'It's a moment of my life where I just said: "Wow that's awesome. How can I be like that?" 'So I got involved with boxing and I met Cus D'Amato (a boxer and trainer) and Cus was very acquainted with Ali. He would talk to him on the phone and he'd call him up and talk to him. Ali looks on after knocking down Joe Frazier during one of third three famous match-ups . Tyson insists that he was immediately struck by Ali, a 'wow moment' in his life, and thought he was 'awesome' 'Sometimes I would pick up the phone and have a sneaky listen then put it down just so I could hear what they were talking about. 'It was different from my environment (in the Bronx). Everything was fighting, war and the concept of war - it was just the whole thing was different.' The film, which accesses Ali's personal audio journals and uses interviews from people close to the now 72-year-old to tell his life story, will be released in cinemas, on DVD and digital download in the UK on November 28. The former boxer, nicknamed 'The Greatest', runs along a track during a training session in his prime . Former world champion Tyson (right) during his fight with Trevor Berbick in November 1986 . I Am Ali is in cinemas and available on DVD and Digital Download on November 28.
highlights: Documentary film 'I Am Ali' to be released in UK on November 28 . Film uses Muhammad Ali's personal audio journals and interviews with people close to the former boxer in order to tell the 72-year-old's life story . Mike Tyson reveals how Ali inspired him to take up boxing as a youngster . Ali visited Tyson in a youth detention centre and he seemed 'awesome' Tyson would listen into phone conversations just to hear Ali's voice .
id: de3c9197084ee4778eac28c743f6e570d0a0543e
chatgpt: The much-awaited documentary film 'I Am Ali' is set to release in the UK on November 28. The film is a unique take on the life story of the legendary boxer Muhammad Ali, as it uses his personal audio journals and interviews with people close to him. The film features interviews with some of Ali's closest family members and friends, including his daughter Maryum, former wife Khalilah Camacho-Ali, and brother Rahman Ali. The film also includes footage of Ali's fight with George Foreman in the famous "Rumble in the Jungle" bout in 1974. One of the most interesting aspects of the film is the revealing insights into Ali's personality and his relationship with other famous boxers, including Mike Tyson. Tyson, who was inspired by Ali to take up boxing as a youngster, reveals in the film how Ali impacted his life. According to Tyson, Ali visited him in a youth detention centre and left a profound impression. "He seemed awesome to me. He was just different from the rest of the boxers," recalls Tyson. "When I heard Ali's voice, I would listen into the phone just to hear his voice." Tyson also speaks about how he was moved by Ali's courage both inside and outside of the ring. "I never saw anybody like Ali. The way he would just take it to you, he had such courage." The film covers various phases of Ali's career, including his time as an amateur athlete, his Olympic gold medal win, his conversion to Islam, his three world heavyweight championships, and his retirement from boxing after being diagnosed with Parkinson's disease in 1984. The film offers a fascinating look into the life of one of the greatest boxers of all time, and the man behind the legend. The use of personal audio journals and interviews with those who knew him well provides an intimate and deeply emotional portrayal of Ali's life. The documentary has been in the works for some time, and the director of the film, Clare Lewins, has had the support of the Ali family throughout the production process. The family has also assisted in accessing Ali's personal archive, which has helped to create this unique and honest portrayal of the boxing icon. "I Am Ali" is a must-watch film for all boxing fans, sports enthusiasts and anyone interested in the remarkable story of one of the most iconic figures of the 20th century. The film provides an in-depth look at Ali's life, struggles and triumphs, and reminds us of the enduring legacy of this boxing legend.