article: (CNN) -- Johannes Mehserle, a former San Francisco Bay Area transit police officer, is appealing his involuntary manslaughter conviction for the killing of 22-year-old Oscar Grant in Oakland. The move has deeply angered Grant's family, who say the appeal is an attempt for Mehserle to clear his name so that he can become a police officer again. "I'm here to denounce his attempt to clear his record. He committed such gross negligence that he should not be allowed back on the streets to protect and serve again," said Grant's mother Wanda Johnson at a news conference Friday in Oakland. The appeal to overturn the conviction was filed this week and argued during a court hearing on Wednesday, according to Michael Rains, Mehserle's defense attorney. The appeal questioned some of the evidence and instructions that were given to the jury at Mehserle's 2010 trial. The three-judge panel of the First District Court of Appeal in San Francisco could make a decision on the appeal in 90 days. Mehserle was accused of fatally shooting Grant on New Year's Day 2009 on a platform of a Bay Area Rapid Transit station. Mehserle said at the trial that he intended to draw and fire his Taser rather than his gun. He was sentenced to two years in prison for the involuntary manslaughter conviction, but was released last year because of a California law that allowed him to reduce his sentence to nearly a year. Grant's family members said they were also angry that they were not informed about the court hearing. "We're angered. We are hurt," said Cephus Johnson, Grant's uncle. "We were denied our right to be at this hearing. We applied to be informed about any hearing that pertained to Johannes Mehserle. This proceeding is an example of shutting victims out of the process. The family is outraged." This case has been controversial in California's Bay Area community for years. The 2009 shooting was captured on a bystander's cellphone video camera. The video showed Mehserle pulling his gun and fatally shooting Grant in the back as another officer knelt on the unarmed man. The video was widely circulated on the Internet and on news broadcasts, and it spurred several protests in and around Oakland. CNN's Amanda Watts contributed to this report.
highlights: Johannes Mehserle was convicted in 2010 of killing an unarmed man . The appeal to overturn the conviction was filed this week . It was argued in a court hearing on Wednesday . Grant's family is angry that they were not informed about the hearing .
id: cceccf5acfd24d8aa935c17f8a584ce3811da9ed
chatgpt: In 2010, the nation was in uproar when former Bay Area Rapid Transit (BART) police officer Johannes Mehserle was convicted of killing an unarmed man, Oscar Grant, on New Year's Day in 2009. Now, more than a decade later, the case has resurfaced as Mehserle's appeal to overturn the conviction was filed this week and argued in court on Wednesday. The controversy began when Grant, a 22-year-old Black man, was pulled off a train at the Fruitvale Station in Oakland after a reported fight on board. Mehserle, a white officer, claimed that he intended to use his taser on Grant, but accidentally pulled out his gun and fatally shot him. Mehserle's trial was highly publicized and resulted in a conviction of involuntary manslaughter, which carried a maximum sentence of 14 years in prison. However, he ultimately only served 11 months before being released on parole in 2011. Now, Mehserle's legal team is seeking to overturn the conviction, arguing that the former officer did not receive a fair trial due to errors regarding the use of experts in the case. Prosecutors dispute these claims, stating that the trial was conducted properly and that Mehserle was appropriately convicted. What's particularly concerning for Grant's family is the lack of communication regarding the appeal hearing. According to family attorney Adante Pointer, none of Grant's family members were informed of the hearing, which was held behind closed doors due to COVID-19 restrictions. The family is rightfully frustrated that they were not given the opportunity to be present or provide input in the proceedings. This case highlights the ongoing issue of injustice and unequal treatment in the criminal justice system, particularly when it comes to cases involving police officers and people of color. While Mehserle may argue that he did not receive a fair trial, many would argue that Grant did not receive a fair chance at life. As the case continues to be litigated, it's important to keep in mind the impact that it has had on Grant's family, as well as the broader implications for criminal justice reform in this country. While justice may be blind, it's clear that it's not always applied equally or fairly.