article: By . Louise Boyle . The mother of a 16-day-old baby, who died one day after her family missed a scheduled home visit from the Department of Children and Families, said on Wednesday that she and her husband are good parents and would never harm their child. Bailey Irish was not breathing when she . was brought to HealthAlliance Hospital on April 26 by her parents Travis . Irish, 26, and Charis Irish, 24. She was pronounced dead shortly before 8am. A cause of death has not been established and no criminal charges have been filed. Mrs Irish, of Fitchburg, Massachusetts, said that she and husband Travis are 'heartbroken' over the death of her newborn daughter. Bailey Irish's 24-year-old mother Charis said on Wednesday that she is 'heartbroken' over the death of her 16-day-old daughter last Saturday . Young family: Charis Irish in hospital after the birth of daughter Bailey Irish last month (her elder son is also pictured) Ms Irish told the Boston Globe: . 'We love our children and would never neglect or abuse our children in . any way. Anyone who is close to us would vouch for that.' The District Attorney is investigating the baby girl's death. Family services have taken the Irishs' 18-month-old son into their care. The agency had planned a home visit for . Friday, the day before Bailey Irish died, but the family was not home . and it was rescheduled for April 28. The DCF last visited the family on March 26, according to the Telegram. 'DCF received a 51A report and is investigating this tragic death, ' spokesperson Cayenne Isaksen wrote in a statement. 'We . are cooperating fully with law enforcement in their active . investigation. The family has been receiving support and services from . DCF since October 2012.' A 51A is a report of suspected neglect or abuse. Skipped appointment: The DCF went to the home of Charis and Travis Irish (pictured with son) last Friday but they were not home. Their newborn Bailey Irish was pronounced dead in hospital the following day . Community support: A fundraising page has been established to help the family with funeral costs for their daughter . The baby's father Travis Irish issued a plea for help in the form of donation towards her funeral costs on social media last week. A fundraising page has been established for the purpose called Bailey's Wings. 'Bailey was taken too soon from us. This family is going through enough with the loss of their sweet angel,' it reads, adding that the pain the family is in is too 'unbearable to think about.'
highlights: 16-day-old girl pronounced dead on April 26 in hospital; cause of death has not been established . Her mother Charis Irish, 24, said: 'We love our children and would never neglect or abuse our children in . any way' The DCF had visited the family the day before baby's death but they were not home . The family had been receiving support from the agency since since 2012 . DA is now investigating the baby's death and child services have removed the couple's 18-month-old son from the home .
id: 1f63aa185a9ca2bd929d0959dd91da60b11f2148
chatgpt: A 16-day-old baby girl was pronounced dead on the 26th of April, 2021, in a hospital. The cause of her death has not yet been established, and an investigation is underway by the District Attorney's (DA) office. The family has been receiving support from the Department of Children and Families (DCF) since 2012, and the couple's 18-month-old son has been removed from their home by child services. The mother of the deceased infant, Charis Irish, 24, has stated that she and her partner would never neglect or abuse their children in any way. The family was visited by the DCF on the day before the baby's death, but they were not home. It is unclear why the DCF was visiting the family. This heartbreaking incident has raised concerns about the level of support provided to families by agencies like the DCF. The agency has been criticized in the past for failing to adequately protect vulnerable children in their care. It is essential that we address the root causes of neglect and abuse and provide families with the resources they need to provide safe and nurturing environments for their children. The DA's investigation will undoubtedly shed more light on the circumstances surrounding this tragic event. The removal of the couple's 18-month-old son from the home is a precautionary measure to ensure his safety while the investigation is ongoing. It remains to be seen whether or not the family will face any charges in the case. In the meantime, our hearts go out to the family and loved ones of the deceased infant. Losing a child is an unimaginable tragedy that no family should ever have to endure. It is our hope that authorities will get to the bottom of this tragic event and take the necessary steps to ensure that no other family has to suffer a similar loss. As this story continues to develop, we will keep you informed of any updates or developments. In the meantime, we encourage anyone with information regarding this case to contact the authorities as soon as possible. We must work together to protect our most vulnerable populations and hold those who harm them accountable for their actions.