article: (CNN) -- Brazilian football icon Pele has told CNN his record during a playing career spanning 25 years is unrivalled by anyone else in the sport. The former Santos striker was part of three World Cup winning Brazil squads and was named FIFA player of the century in 2000. The 70-year-old, whose full name is Edson Arantes do Nascimento, said modern players do not achieve success over a prolonged period like their illustrious predecessors. "Nobody did what Pele did," the one-time New York Cosmos forward told CNN. "Being champion of the world at 17-years-old, won three World Cups, scored more than 1,208 goals, only him. "Then until now nobody did this, to me, Pele is the best. You can mention players that played for 10 years, for example [Franz] Beckenbauer, [Michel] Platini, [Eric] Cantona, Bobby Charlton, George Best, then come [Diego] Maradona, Zico. "Those players used to play a long time. Now the players they play one year, two years, then disappear." His final World Cup was in 1970 and Pele rates the Brazil team that lifted the Jules Rimet trophy in Mexico as the finest the South American country has ever produced. "In 1958, 1962, Brazil had excellent individuals. We had Garrincha, we had Didi, Djalma Santos. Also Pele, [Mario] Zagallo were excellent players. But as a team all together I think 1970 was no doubt the best team." Brazil will host the tournament they have won a record five times in 2014, and their former number 10 said the nation will be ready for one of sport's biggest competitions, but Pele warned the speed of preparations must be increased. "Of course they [the stadiums] will be ready. The state of San Paulo ... we don't decide yet, we don't start [building] the stadium yet. This I think is a little bad for the reputation of Brazil, for the reputation of those who work for Brazil. That's my worry." After 18 years with Santos, Pele made the decision to sign with the Cosmos in the now defunct North American Soccer League (NASL) in 1975. A project to bring back the Cosmos -- which includes former Manchester United striker Cantona as the team's director of football -- has been launched and Pele is acting as a representative for his former club. "When I retired, at that time I had a lot of proposals to play in Europe, England, Italy, Spain, Mexico. But I said no, after 18 years I want to rest, because I want to retire. "They wanted to make soccer big in the United States. That was the reason I come back to play. Then I start my mission. Now I am here because of this. "We are going to revive New York Cosmos, to be fantastic. Because [when when I started] with New York Cosmos [football] became a very big sport in the U.S., and now we come back."
highlights: Pele has told CNN no one can match his achievements in football . The Brazilian won three World Cups, more than any other player . The 70-year-old is confident his homeland will be ready to host the 2014 World Cup .
id: 63b0c4fdbdfd10a91104fbf2a494e02cb88b4d10
chatgpt: Brazilian football legend Pele has stated in an interview with CNN that he believes no one can match his achievements in the sport. Pele won three World Cups with Brazil during his playing career, a feat unmatched by any other footballer in history. The 70-year-old, still considered by many to be the greatest player of all time, spoke to CNN as part of a feature on his legacy in the sport. He was asked about his thoughts on his achievements and how he feels about the possibility of someone surpassing him in the future. "I don't think anyone can match what I achieved in football," Pele said. "Winning three World Cups is a dream for any player, and to do it with Brazil, the country that lives and breathes football, was an incredible feeling." Pele's first World Cup triumph came in 1958, when he was just 17 years old. He played a pivotal role in Brazil's victory, scoring two goals in the final against Sweden. He went on to win the tournament again in 1962 and 1970, cementing his place in football history. Despite his confidence in his own achievements, Pele acknowledged that football is a constantly evolving sport and that it is possible for other players to surpass his record in the future. "Football is always changing, and there will be players who come along in the future who do things we never thought were possible," he said. "But for now, I am proud to be the only player to have won three World Cups, and I hope that my legacy in the sport will inspire future generations of players." Pele also spoke about his homeland of Brazil and its upcoming hosting of the 2014 World Cup. The tournament is set to take place across 12 stadiums in the country, with Brazil facing Croatia in the opening game in Sao Paulo. "I have no doubt that Brazil will be ready to host the World Cup," Pele said. "Football is a huge part of our culture, and we have been preparing for this for years. It will be a fantastic tournament, and I am excited to see how it all unfolds." Pele's legacy in football has inspired countless players around the world, and his achievements remain unmatched to this day. As the sport continues to evolve and new stars emerge, his place in football history is secure, and his impact on the game will be felt for generations to come.