article: By . Mark Prigg . Google's attempt to register the word 'Glass' as s a trademark for its electronic glasses has been stalled by the United States' Trademark Office. The firm is involved in a long-running row over the word, with experts claiming it is too generic to be patented and the USTO rejecting Google's application. Google, on the other hand, claims the word applies to its entire glass product, which includes frames, and not just the glass component. A trademark examiner raised two objections, one of which was that the trademark was too similar to other trademarks containing the word 'glass', which could lead to confusion for consumers. While Google has already registered the term 'Google Glass' as a trademark, a report in the Wall Street Journal this week revealed that the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office has objected to the 'Glass' trademark application, submitted last year. According to the report, a trademark examiner raised two objections, one of which was that the trademark was too similar to other trademarks containing the word 'glass', which could lead to confusion for consumers. The other objection was that the word 'glass' was merely descriptive, ans that such generic terms cannot be trademarked under US federal law. Google's trademark attorneys wrote a 1,928-page letter to the government in response to the Trademark Office's decision to stall the trademark application. However, the letter from Google's lawyers contained around 1,900 articles about Google Glass, with the remainder of the letter disputing the trademark examiner’s objection that using the word 'glass' as a trademark would confuse consumers and the assertion that it was merely a descriptive word. It also singled out other firms that have the word glass in their logo. The Trademark Office has yet to make a final ruling on the application. The USTO document concluded that 'Glass' would be 'be understood as describing a feature of some the goods, namely, that some of the goods will incorporate display screens and/or lenses that are or will be made of, inter alia, glass.' Although Google is not required to trademark the word in order to use it for its glasses device, if the company is not to able to register ‘Glass’ as a trademark, it will make it much harder to counter trademark infringements. Similarities between Google Glass and other existing trademarks, including Write on Glass, Glass3D and Teleglass, are also likely to confuse consumers, it is believed. The Trademark Office has yet to make a final ruling on the application.
highlights: Claims the word glass is too generic to trademark . Firm wanted to trademark word and its futuristic font . Google has already registered the term 'Google Glass' as a trademark . Back to Mail Online home . Back to the page you came from .
id: 0f4fdaf4432c59f3c94235a0138491bfc7f33bd4
chatgpt: A US firm has lost its bid to trademark the word 'Glass', according to documents filed with the US Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO). The firm, which has not been named, also wanted to trademark its futuristic font, which it believed would add to the uniqueness of the brand. However, the USPTO rejected the application on the grounds that the word 'Glass' is too generic to be registered as a trademark. The company argued that its use of the word was distinct from other uses of the term, citing the futuristic font as a distinguishing factor. However, the USPTO determined that the word 'Glass' was too broad to warrant trademark protection, particularly given its common use in everyday language. The firm's proposed trademark application faced another hurdle: Google had already registered the term 'Google Glass' as a trademark for its now-defunct smart glasses product. While the two companies' products differed significantly, the use of the word 'Glass' was deemed too similar to justify another trademark registration. This decision comes as a reminder for businesses to carefully consider the distinctiveness of their proposed trademarks. As the usage of certain terms becomes prevalent in everyday language, the distinctiveness of those terms also wanes. In a world where companies' power is reflected in their trademarks, it pays to be as unique as possible. Companies that can establish a distinctive brand identity are likely to enjoy stronger brand recognition, better customer loyalty, and might even be more successful in fending off competitors. Indeed, a quick look at some of the most recognisable brands shows that they all have unique, identifiable trademarks. From Apple's well-known Apple logo to Coca-Cola's scripted lettering, these brands have been carefully cultivated to establish a unique and instantly recognisable identity. It remains to be seen whether the unnamed firm will continue to try to establish a unique identity for its product, or whether they will choose another path of branding that is more unique and distinctive. Returning to the Mail Online homepage or the page that you came from, it's clear that this development serves as a stark reminder for companies to think carefully about their choice of trademark. As the world of brands and intellectual property rights continues to evolve, it's becoming increasingly clear that being different and unique can set firms apart in a crowded marketplace.