article: Sanaa, Yemen (CNN)Shiite rebels took responsibility Saturday for the abduction of the Yemeni President's chief of staff in downtown Sanaa. Ahmed bin Mubarak, top aide to President Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, was abducted by gunmen Saturday morning, security officials said. Houthi rebels "were forced to seize Mubarak and this was an important step to cut the way of any coup attempt on the peace and transition deal," said a statement by the rebels' political faction, Ansarullah. Hadi appointed bin Mubarak premier back in October, but the rebels rejected the nomination. A senior media adviser to the Houthi movement in Yemen, Osama Sari, told CNN that the presidential chief of staff had been detained by the Houthis as a message to the President. Sari added this was because the President wanted to introduce a new constitution without the approval of the Houthis. A Yemeni official close to the presidential administration also told CNN that the presidential chief of staff had been detained by armed men linked to the Houthi tribe. The official said they believed the detention was linked to disagreement over the constitution. "This is force for political gain, a ridiculous show of muscle flexing," the official said. The abduction comes amid rising tensions in the Arabian Peninsula country following the rise of Shiite Houthi rebels. Houthis swept into the capital last year, sparking battles that left more than 300 dead in a month. In September, Houthis signed a ceasefire deal with the government. Since then, its members have installed themselves in key positions in the government and financial institutions. Adding to Yemen's turmoil is al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, a terror group that has been exploiting and stoking the instability. On Saturday, the Houthi media outlet, Al Maseerah, repeated the group's claim of responsibility. The rebels further elaborated on their motives for the abduction in their statement. "Surely there are series of steps the resistance forces will conduct to stop those powers from negligence and to stop their criminal activities against the people, today and in the future," the rebels' statement said, posted on Facebook. "President Hadi must understand the sensitivity of the current situation and not be an umbrella for corrupt and criminal powers," the statement added. The UK ambassador to Yemen and the U.S. Embassy in Sanaa called for bin Mubarak's immediate release. "Very concerned about the kidnapping of Dr Ahmed Bin Mubarak. Few have done more to support the 2011 Revolution and ideals," Jane Marriott, the British ambassador to Yemen, said on Twitter. The "Revolution" refers to months of demonstrations and crackdowns that led to civilian deaths in 2011. Toward the end of that year, then-President Ali Abdullah Saleh resigned, and powers were transferred to then-Vice President Hadi. Hadi was elected President in February 2012.. He was the only candidate on the ballot. CNN's Nick Paton Walsh contributed from Yemen. CNN's Jason Hanna also contributed to this report from Atlanta. Michael Martinez wrote and reported from Los Angeles.
highlights: Houthi rebels say abduction sends a message to Yemeni President . President seeks a new constitution without the approval of the Houthis, rebels say . "This is force for political gain, a ridiculous show of muscle flexing," Yemen official says .
id: 81c95e150f79076555243d8d0204e9f0e9369dfa
chatgpt: In a brazen act of defiance against Yemeni President Abdrabbuh Mansur Hadi, Houthi rebels have abducted one of his close associates, sending a strong message to the leader that they will not sit idly by and allow him to push forward with his plans for a new constitution without their approval. According to reports, the abducted individual, who has not been named, was taken while traveling between Aden, the temporary capital of Yemen, and the southern port city of Mukalla. It is believed that the kidnapping was carried out by Houthi militants, who have been involved in a long-standing conflict with the Yemeni government. The rebels have said that the abduction is a show of force intended to signal their displeasure with President Hadi's efforts to introduce a new constitution that would weaken their political influence in the country. The constitution, which was first proposed in 2015, has been fiercely opposed by the Houthis, who fear that it will lead to their marginalization in Yemeni politics. "This is a clear message to President Hadi that we will not accept a new constitution that does not include our input," a Houthi spokesperson said in a statement. "We will use whatever means necessary to protect our rights and ensure that our voices are heard." The abduction has been condemned by the Yemeni government and its allies, who have described it as a "ridiculous show of muscle flexing" by the Houthis. Many fear that the incident could lead to a further escalation of violence in the country, which has been ravaged by a brutal civil war since 2014. "The Yemeni people deserve better than this," a Yemeni official said in a statement. "Instead of abducting innocent civilians, the Houthis should be working to find a constructive and peaceful solution to the political crisis in our country." The abduction comes just days after Houthi rebels launched a missile attack on a Saudi Arabian oil facility, leading to a brief spike in global oil prices. The incident has raised concerns about the stability of the region and the potential for a wider conflict. Despite the ongoing hostilities, President Hadi has said that he remains committed to the introduction of a new constitution that will pave the way for free and fair elections in Yemen. He has also called on the international community to support his efforts to bring an end to the conflict and restore stability to the country. "I will not be deterred by these acts of violence," President Hadi said in a recent address to the nation. "We will continue to work towards a peaceful and prosperous future for all Yemenis, and we will not rest until we have achieved our goal." As tensions continue to mount in Yemen, many are calling for a renewed effort to find a diplomatic solution to the conflict. With the lives of millions of Yemenis hanging in the balance, it is hoped that all parties can come together to find a way forward that will bring an end to the violence and allow the country to begin the long process of rebuilding.