article: (CNN) -- The parents of Trayvon Martin joined thousands of Americans at more than 100 scheduled vigils in cities nationwide demanding Saturday what they described as justice for their 17-year-old son, who was shot dead last year. "It's overwhelming," Tracy Martin told CNN at a rally in Miami attended by hundreds of supporters, many of whom chanted, "No Peace! No Justice!" "It sends a message to the nation that we're not going to sit back and let our children be killed and don't say anything about it." Surveying the crowd, he said, "This is what keeps us going -- all of these people that are out here to support us: white, black, brown. There's a mixture of people. Everybody is out to support not only Trayvon, but their children as well." Last week, a jury in Sanford, Florida, found neighborhood watch volunteer George Zimmerman not guilty of second-degree murder in the 2012 killing outside Tracy Martin's house. Zimmerman, a white Hispanic, said he fired in self defense after Trayvon Martin attacked him. The unarmed teen was carrying a soda and a bag of candy. On Friday, President Barack Obama said Trayvon Martin "could have been my son ... could have been me, 35 years ago." He also encouraged more attention to racial profiling and "stand your ground" laws. Obama: 'Trayvon Martin could have been me' Tracy Martin said Saturday the president's remarks "touched our heart." "We admire the president for stepping up and doing that because it sends a message to the world that this could have been anybody's child and there's no exceptions as to whose child it could have been," he said. "We have to do something to corral the senseless violence." Martin predicted he would never recover from the death, but said, "We're moving forward now." During his remarks to the crowd, Martin teared up, saying about his son, "He did nothing wrong and we're not going to let them persecute him the way that they have." In New York, Trayvon Martin's mother Sybrina Fulton was to be joined by her surviving son Jahvaris Fulton and the Rev. Al Sharpton. "God is healing my heart this very moment," Sybrina Fulton said in a tweet. "But as I watch so many people come together, he reminds me that we have a lot of work to do." Sharpton and the National Action Network are urging the Justice Department to consider criminal civil rights charges against Zimmerman. In Los Angeles, where violence broke out after the verdict in Zimmerman's favor, the tone was upbeat and peaceful on Saturday. Hundreds of people had assembled by 9 a.m. outside the federal courthouse to underscore their message "that, as a community, we need to come together and we need to support justice for Trayvon," said Donna Wade, one of the demonstrators. "That we need to do it in a peaceful manner." Are you at a rally? Share photos, video . Journalist David Simpson contributed to this report.
highlights: Obama's comments "touched our heart," says Tracy Martin . "God is healing my heart," says Trayvon Martin's mother . "It sends a message to the nation," says Trayvon Martin's father .
id: 9953a1532a1908f7bede106f5b42eae23d01fe44
chatgpt: Former President Barack Obama’s recent comments about the death of Trayvon Martin have garnered strong responses from those who knew him. Martin's parents, Tracy Martin and Sybrina Fulton, say that the former president's words helped them to heal. In a recent podcast interview, Obama reflected on the death of Martin, who was shot and killed by George Zimmerman in 2012. Obama said that although the verdict in Zimmerman’s trial was fair, he believed that a larger conversation about race and firearms was needed. Tracy Martin, Trayvon’s father, spoke out about Obama’s comments in a statement to the media. “We were moved by President Obama’s words,” he said. “It touched our heart to hear him speak about Trayvon and the impact that his death had on our family.” Sybrina Fulton, Trayvon’s mother, also addressed the former president’s comments in a recent interview. “God is healing my heart,” she said. “President Obama’s words gave me hope that Trayvon’s legacy will not be forgotten.” Fulton added that she believed that Obama's comments sent a message to the nation about the need for change. “Trayvon’s death was a tragedy, but it was also a wake-up call,” she said. “We need to work together to make sure that no family has to go through what we’ve been through.” Tracy Martin echoed his ex-wife's sentiments, saying that he believed that Obama’s words would spur a larger conversation about race and the justice system. “We need to talk about the fact that young black men are more likely to be shot and killed by police officers than any other group,” he said. “These conversations are uncomfortable, but they’re necessary if we ever hope to change things.” Since the death of Trayvon Martin in 2012, his family has become vocal advocates for social justice reform. Both Tracy Martin and Sybrina Fulton have founded organizations in their son’s name, and they continue to speak out about issues related to race and firearms. The shooting death of Trayvon Martin and the subsequent not guilty verdict for George Zimmerman sparked outrage and protests around the country. The case has become a symbol of the deep racial divide in America, and it has also raised questions about the vigilante justice and the right to bear arms. President Obama has been a vocal advocate for gun control and social justice reform throughout his presidency. His comments about Trayvon Martin and the need for a larger conversation about race and firearms are in line with his previous statements on these issues. In his podcast interview, Obama also spoke about the need for empathy and understanding in difficult times. “It’s important to recognize that people are hurting,” he said. “We need to listen to each other and work together to find solutions.” Tracy Martin and Sybrina Fulton both expressed their gratitude for Obama’s words and promised to continue their work in their son’s name. “Trayvon’s legacy is about fighting for justice and equality for all people,” Tracy Martin said. In the wake of the protests and outrage sparked by the death of George Floyd and other black men and women at the hands of police officers, the words of Trayvon Martin's parents and former President Obama are more relevant than ever. The call for change and a larger conversation about race and justice in America continues to grow louder, and with it, the hope for a better future for all.