article: Three-month-old chocolate Labrador Fleur (pictured) was mauled to death by a Staffordshire bull terrier in August . A three-month-old chocolate Labrador puppy was savaged to death by an out-of-control Staffordshire bull terrier in front of two young girls - leaving them 'traumatised'. Magistrates have ordered the destruction of Benji, after he escaped from his owners' garden and mauled the 15-week-old chocolate Labrador. Fleur was being walked by her owners - two girls aged 11 and 14 – in Slinfold, West Sussex, when the aggressive dog bounded over and attacked her. The puppy was taken to a vet for treatment after the attack in August last year, but died of her injuries the next day. She had only been with the family for seven weeks after being given to the young girls as an early Christmas present. The girls' father, who does not want the family to be identified, said: 'Children fall in love with things very quickly, and having their own puppy was their life. They were so proud of their little puppy. 'My 11-year-old is very shaken and very reluctant to leave the house. They are feeling a lot of guilt but they did nothing wrong.' He said they had been left terrified by the shockingly brutal attack, which saw Fleur being shaken around like a 'rag doll.' Police had previously warned Benji's owner, Julie Cooksley, 61, that she must keep control of her pet after the animal had attacked another dog. She was fined £250 and ordered to pay £215 in costs and compensation when she appeared at Crawley Magistrates' Court. The owner has 21 days from the sentencing to appeal against the decision. Inspector Di Lewis, the head of the Sussex and Surrey dogs unit, said: 'We asked the magistrates to make an order for the destruction of the Staffordshire bull terrier as it was clear it had attacked other pets and could do so again. The puppy was taken to a vet for treatment after the attack, but died of her injuries the next day . 'The dog killed the puppy and left its young owners traumatised by what they had seen and we felt it should be destroyed to protect the public and other animals. 'We do not make any such requests lightly but consider all the circumstances including whether the incident could be a one-off and whether the dog involved could do the same thing again. 'We encourage all owners to seek training for their dogs to ensure they are always kept under control. 'It is also important to make them familiar with other people and dogs. 'Unfortunately in this instance we believed that the dog could attack other animals or people in the future and the magistrates agreed with us.'
highlights: Three-month-old chocolate Labrador Fleur was mauled to death in August . She was being walked by her young owners - two girls aged 11 and 14 . Magistrates have ordered the destruction of Staffordshire bull terrier Benji . Police had warned Benji's owner, Julie Cooksley, 61, about behaviour .
id: b96822f1f9b4c1945a5c3ae02b68bb5ea5b45b01
chatgpt: In a shocking incident, a three-month-old chocolate Labrador named Fleur was mauled to death in August. The adorable pup was being taken for a walk by her young owners, two girls aged 11 and 14, when tragedy struck. The culprit behind this tragedy, Staffordshire bull terrier Benji, has been ordered to be put down by magistrates. The incident occurred in August in a Nottinghamshire park when the young owners were out walking Fleur. Suddenly, Benji appeared out of nowhere and started attacking Fleur. Despite the girls' best efforts to intervene, Fleur suffered severe injuries and passed away at the scene. It was a heart-wrenching sight for everyone who was present that day. Upon investigation, police discovered that Benji's owner, Julie Cooksley, 61, had previously been warned about her pet's aggressive behavior. Despite the warnings, Cooksley had not taken any steps to prevent any such attacks from taking place. Cooksley was brought before the magistrates where she pleaded guilty to the offence under the Dangerous Dogs Act. The magistrates issued an order stating that Benji should be destroyed immediately to prevent further harm. The owners of Fleur have been left heartbroken by the incident. They said that Fleur was more than just a pet, she was a beloved member of their family. They also expressed their disappointment that such a tragedy had occurred due to the negligence of Benji's owner. The incident has once again brought into the spotlight the issue of dangerous dogs and their owners. The Dangerous Dogs Act was introduced in 1991 to protect the public from such dogs. The act makes it an offence to breed, sell, or own certain types of dogs like Pit Bulls, Japanese Tosa, Dogo Argentino or Fila Brasileiro. The act also covers all dogs which are considered to be a danger to the public. Owners are required to keep their dogs under control, failure to do so can result in the seizure and destruction of their pet. It is important to note that the act makes it the owner's responsibility to ensure their dogs do not harm anyone, even if the attack takes place on private property. The incident is tragic, and our hearts go out to the young owners of Fleur who have lost their beloved pet. It is a reminder to all dog owners that it is their responsibility to ensure their pets are under control at all times. They should also take action to prevent aggressive behavior in their pets to avoid any such tragedies from happening.