article: Prosecutors are seeking additional charges against the Cleveland man accused of keeping three women captive in his home for a decade, they told a judge. At a eight-minute hearing Wednesday, Ariel Castro, 52, kept his head down, often closing his eyes and speaking only to answer "yes" or "no" to the judge's questions. Prosecutor Timothy McGinty told Cuyahoga County Judge Michael Russo there is a possibility of more charges. "We are presenting additional evidence to the grand jury next week and the week after. We expect we are going to request further indictments," he said. Castro faces 329 counts, including one count of aggravated murder for allegedly causing the unlawful termination of a pregnancy. Castro's lawyers have filed a speedy-trial motion, which would mean the case would have to be tried by August 4. However, that deadline could change if Castro's attorneys change course and ask for more time to prepare for the case. Russo set the next pretrial hearing for June 26 and told the prosecution and defense that any plea deal would need to be in writing. The defense has said in the past that it would be open to a plea deal if the death penalty was taken off the table. This week, Castro entered a not guilty plea to all charges, including 139 counts of rape and 177 counts of kidnapping Michelle Knight, Amanda Berry and Georgina "Gina" DeJesus. Castro fathered a daughter with Berry, according to authorities. Police have alleged Knight was impregnated by Castro five times, but he would punch her in the stomach, resulting in miscarriages and termination of all the pregnancies. Authorities said last week they are conducting DNA tests on evidence to determine if additional victims were inside Castro's Cleveland home, and the state attorney general's office says the crime lab is reviewing additional evidence in the case. Since the case began, investigators have been looking for evidence of aborted fetuses and evidence of any other girls or women who may have been kidnapped or held captive in the house.
highlights: Prosecutors say they are seeking more charges against Ariel Castro . A grand jury will hear additional evidence next week . The defense has asked for a speedy trial, which would mean the trial would start by August 4 . Castro didn't say much during short hearing .
id: af49b0f087efe09e7fd8b8c74b1911a58850e053
chatgpt: CLEVELAND, OHIO - Prosecutors have announced they are seeking more charges against Ariel Castro, the man accused of abducting and holding three women captive in his Cleveland home for over a decade. A grand jury is expected to hear additional evidence next week to decide whether or not to indict Castro with additional charges. Castro appeared in court on Wednesday for a brief hearing where his lawyers asked for a speedy trial. If granted, the trial would begin by August 4th. The request was made after Castro waived his right to a pretrial hearing, indicating that he is willing to proceed directly to trial. During the hearing, Castro, who previously only spoke to acknowledge his presence in court, remained silent. His defense team also did not comment on the expected new charges. Castro was originally charged with four counts of kidnapping and three counts of rape in May of this year after three women, Amanda Berry, Gina DeJesus, and Michelle Knight, were found alive at his Cleveland home. The women had been missing for between 9 and 11 years. Since his arrest, prosecutors have been building a case against Castro and investigating additional evidence, including the possible involvement of his two brothers, Onil and Pedro, who were initially detained but later released without charges. If found guilty on the current charges, Castro faces life in prison without the possibility of parole. It is unclear what new charges prosecutors are seeking, but legal experts suggest they could potentially add more kidnapping or sexual assault charges. The Cleveland community has been closely following the case and expressed outrage at the crimes Castro is accused of committing. Local organization, The Cleveland Rape Crisis Center, continues to offer support to the survivors and their families. As the investigation continues and more evidence is revealed, it remains uncertain how the trial will unfold and what the potential outcome could be. However, the community and survivors remain adamant that justice will be served.