article: (CNN) -- The United States declined Monday to surrender an undisclosed number of detainees during the handover of a prison to Afghan control, a spokesman for the American-led coalition in Afghanistan said. The handover of Parwan prison at Bagram Air Base was the linchpin in a larger agreement that outlines the gradual transfer of power from U.S. forces to Afghanistan as American troops prepare to withdraw. A coalition official told CNN the United States is holding on to several Afghan detainees because of concerns about whether Afghan authorities will properly handle their cases and under what circumstances they might be released. The U.S. also is keeping several prisoners of other nationalities who were not part of the agreement, the source said. U.S. Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta and Afghan President Hamid Karzai spoke by telephone Monday about the brewing controversy. Pentagon spokesman George Little said the two leaders "expressed a shared commitment to implement the terms of the memorandum of understanding on detention operations in Afghanistan." Roughly 99% of the detainees in custody before the agreement was signed in March have been turned over to Afghan authorities, Jamie Graybeal, a spokesman for coalition, said by telephone. "We have paused the transfer of the remaining detainees until our concerns are met," he said. Graybeal declined to release the number of detainees still in U.S. custody, citing operational security. The detainees in question are believed to be high-value Taliban and Haqqani network militants. The U.S. military has not publicly identified them. The U.S. military also is temporarily halting the handover of any detainees taken into custody after the agreement was signed in March. Graybeal did not outline what the concerns were or what steps needed to be taken before the U.S. military agreed to turnover the detainees. While the handover ceremony at Bagram occurred Monday despite the U.S. military's refusal to surrender the detainees, the issue will likely be a sticking point between Afghan President Hamid Karzai and U.S. military leaders. Karzai has been adamant that all prisoners be under the control of Afghan authorities. As late as last week, there was an indication of a possible disagreement between Karzai and U.S. Marine Gen. John Allen, commander of NATO troops. In November, a loyal jirga, or grand assembly of Afghan elders, endorsed the continued presence of U.S. forces following the end of combat operations in 2014, though only if the two countries could agree on the transfer of prisoners, the end to night raids and lifting immunity for U.S. troops accused of committing crimes. Karzai more recently released a statement following a meeting with Allen in which he said that under the agreement, "the prison is now supposed to be transferred to Afghan government and thus any delay in its handover is considered a breach of Afghan national sovereignty."
highlights: NEW: U.S. defense secretary, Afghan president talk by phone about controversy . The United States handed over a prison at Bagram Air Base, a spokesman says . The U.S. military is temporarily halting the handover of a number of detainees . "We have paused the transfer of the remaining detainees," a spokesman says .
id: d21f99ccfa10dfdce97a4657a7b0f6cde599a3da
chatgpt: U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin and Afghan President Ashraf Ghani held a phone conversation on Thursday to discuss the recent controversy surrounding the handover of a prison facility at Bagram Air Base, according to sources. The U.S. military had previously announced that it was transferring control of the detention facility to Afghan authorities, as part of the process of withdrawing American troops from the country. However, the handover has become mired in controversy after reports emerged that some of the detainees being held there had been involved in attacks on U.S. and Afghan forces. In response to these reports, the U.S. military has decided to temporarily halt the transfer of the remaining detainees. A spokesperson for the U.S. Central Command confirmed the decision in a statement on Thursday. "We have paused the transfer of the remaining detainees at the Afghan detention facility at Bagram Air Base as we conduct a thorough review of the transfer process," the spokesperson said. The move has been welcomed by some lawmakers in the U.S., who have expressed concerns about the fate of detainees transferred to Afghan custody in the past. In a statement, Senator Lindsey Graham applauded the decision to pause the handover, saying that the U.S. must be "very careful" about transferring detainees to Afghan authorities. "The last thing we want to do is to give up prisoners who will come back and haunt us in the years to come," Graham said. The decision to halt the transfer of detainees is likely to complicate the U.S.'s efforts to withdraw its troops from Afghanistan. The handover of the prison facility at Bagram Air Base was seen as a significant step towards the withdrawal process, and the decision to pause the transfer could delay the timetable for U.S. troops leaving the country. Despite this setback, both the U.S. and Afghan governments have said that they remain committed to the withdrawal process. In a joint statement released after their phone call, Austin and Ghani reaffirmed their commitment to "a responsible, conditions-based withdrawal of American and coalition forces" from Afghanistan. The controversy surrounding the Bagram Air Base prison handover is just the latest challenge facing the U.S. as it seeks to exit the country after two decades of conflict. The Taliban has stepped up its attacks on Afghan government forces in recent months, raising concerns about the viability of a peace deal signed between the Taliban and the U.S. last year. The Biden administration has said that it remains committed to the peace process in Afghanistan, and has pledged to support Afghan security forces as they take on the fight against the Taliban. However, with the withdrawal of U.S. troops now in full swing, the coming months are likely to test the ability of Afghan authorities to maintain stability and security in the country.