article: The entire crowd was loving Kanye West's concert in Melbourne on Tuesday night but not as much as one particular punter who was clearly having the best night of his life. The concert goer's hypnotic dance moves were so entertaining that a fellow fan posted the hilarious footage on Instagram with the comment: 'Kanye was the second most entertaining thing at the concert.' The diehard fan seemed to be in his own little world in the background of the video as Kanye was performing on stage at the Rod Laver Arena in a chained mask that he also wore at his two previous Australian gigs. Scroll down for video . One fan was having more fun than most at Kanye West's concert in Melbourne on Tuesday night . The concert goer's hypnotic dance moves were so entertaining that a fellow fan posted the hilarious footage on Instagram . 'Kanye was the second most entertaining thing at the concert': the Instagramer posted . The fan was in his own world as Kanye (right) was performing on stage at Rod Laver Arena in a chained mask . Kanye and his wife Kim Kardashian were spotted at Zambesi in Melbourne's CBD earlier in the day . The man was frantically thrashing his arms in the air - like he clearly just didn't care . The man was frantically thrashing his arms in the air - like he clearly just didn't care - as the rest of the crowd seemed to be too into the rapper's gig to even notice the fan's unique dance actions. Kanye's wife Kim Kardashian was nowhere to be seen at the Melbourne gig - opting to enjoy the show from backstage - unlike her husband's first two concerts in Perth and Adelaide where she made showy appearances. Kanye and Kim mania has been in full swing since the rapper arrived in town with his wife for his Australian tour. The glam couple stopped by the singer's Yeezus merchandise pop-up shop in Melbourne earlier in the day before the gig. Kim will be making an appearance at Westfield Parramatta shopping centre in Sydneys' west on Saturday. If you know the enthusiastic fan in the video please email leesa.smith@mailonline.com . Kanye and Kim mania has been in full swing since the rapper arrived in town with his wife for his Australian tour .
highlights: A fan was going off at Kanye West's concert in Melbourne on Tuesday night . Another concert-goer posted video footage of his unique moves on Instagram . The man was in his own world as Kanye performed in a chained mask .
id: e7fd6877e6f0b49b2fad3bee1923bce0bc51168a
chatgpt: Kanye West's concert in Melbourne on Tuesday night was an unforgettable experience for one fan who caught the attention of fellow concert-goers with his unique dance moves. A video footage of the fan went viral on Instagram, showing the man in his own world as Kanye performed in a chained mask. The concert, which took place at the Rod Laver Arena, was packed with die-hard Kanye fans. Despite the fact that he performed in a mask, Kanye put on an electrifying show for the attendees. However, it was the man in the audience who stole the spotlight with his dance moves. In the video footage uploaded on Instagram, the fan can be seen dancing vigorously and without inhibition. His enthusiasm was infectious, and soon other concert-goers joined in, creating a massive dance party in the middle of the arena. The man's distinctive style of dancing was a sight to behold. It was clear that he was in his own world, completely lost in the music and the moment. The crowd cheered him on, and he seemed to feed off their energy, continuing to dance with even more enthusiasm. Although it was unclear whether the fan knew his dance moves were being filmed, he certainly seemed to enjoy the attention. As the video went viral on social media, he became something of an overnight sensation, with people all over the world admiring his unique and carefree approach to dancing. Of course, some people remain unimpressed by the fan's antics. Critics have suggested that his dancing was over-the-top and attention-seeking, while others have expressed concern for Kanye's safety, with some arguing that the fan's behavior could have been distracting to the superstar while performing. Despite the mixed reactions to the fan's dancing, it's clear that he added a unique and unforgettable element to the concert. Perhaps, in a way, he embodied the true spirit of Kanye's music, encouraging people to let go of their inhibitions and lose themselves in the moment. Regardless of how one feels about the fan's dance moves, it's difficult to deny that he made an impact on the concert-goers and social media alike. It's safe to say that he won't be forgotten any time soon, and he'll most likely be remembered as one of the most memorable moments of Kanye West's Melbourne concert.