article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 19:24 EST, 20 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 19:24 EST, 20 October 2013 . A Catholic church has beensold to the Muslim community after a decline in worshippers. St Peter’s has closed its doors to Christian worshippers following the recent sale. Despite the sale, the church said that the local parish, Cobridge, in Stoke-on-Trent, would continue to exist and money from the sale will be used to benefit parishioners. A Catholic church in Stoke-on-Trent has been sold to the Muslim community after a decline in worshippers . The identity of the buyers, who are part of the Muslim community, has not been disclosed. A spokesman for the church said: 'The Archdiocese of Birmingham has over 200 parish churches and an estimated Catholic population of over 285,000. 'Any decisions taken about these churches is always done in consultation with priests, parishioners and the local community to serve the common good if all and to reflect the changing demographics and needs of the Catholic population. 'The parish of Cobridge has a long history. But in recent times the number of Catholics living in the area has shrunk to such an extent that those attending Mass at St Peter’s were simply no longer able to merit a priest and the church buildings. The number of Catholics living in the area has shrunk dramatically . 'The church was put up for sale on the open market. 'A modest number of offers were received and a local Muslim community made the best offer, acceptable to the diocesan trustees after consultation in other local parishes.' Churchgoers have declined in recent years, with the number of people attending Christian churches going from being measured on a weekly basis to a monthly basis. A report on churchgoing in the UK published in April 2007 found that 15 per cent of the population go to church at least once a month.
highlights: St Peter's had so few worshippers it was no longer viable . Muslim community bought building on open market .
id: 93c2ecd420a0054d3e6d22042c0eeb46a8180d98
chatgpt: In a surprising move, St Peter's, a church that had been struggling to maintain its congregation, has been bought by a local Muslim community. The church, located in a small town in the heart of the UK's countryside, had seen dwindling attendance numbers in recent years, making it increasingly unsustainable.  Instead of closing the doors on the church, the decision was made to put it up for sale on the open market. The hope was that a buyer would come forward who could repurpose the building for the greater good of the community.  However, nobody could have predicted that the property would be bought by a Muslim community. It was a truly unusual decision, but one that seems to have been made with a great deal of thought and care.  The Muslim community has vowed to use the space for a variety of community projects, including providing a space for interfaith dialogue and education. A spokesperson for the group noted that they felt it was important to make a statement about the importance of religious tolerance and understanding.  "We believe that it is important to work together, regardless of our individual faiths," said the spokesperson. "We want to create a space where we can come together and talk frankly about our beliefs and differences. The purchase of St Peter's is just the first step in that process."  The decision has been met with mixed reactions, with some members of the local community concerned about the implications for the town. While many are supportive of the Muslim community's decision, others feel that a Christian church should remain in the hands of Christians.  Despite the controversy, the Muslim community has pledged to work closely with all members of the town to ensure that the new space is inclusive and welcoming to everyone. The future of St Peter's may be uncertain, but there is no doubt that its new owners are committed to making it an important gathering place for years to come.