article: (CNN) -- Authorities believe at least one person not in custody may have information about the deaths of eight people in a Georgia mobile home, Glynn County Police Chief Matt Doering said Sunday. Seven people were found dead Saturday at a residence in a mobile home park in Brunswick, Georgia. "I'm confident to say that there's somebody, at least an individual, that we would like to know about that's not at the scene," whether or not they were directly involved in the case, Doering said. Seven people were found dead Saturday at a residence in the New Hope mobile home park in Brunswick, Georgia. Two others were hospitalized in critical condition, and one of them died Sunday, authorities said. Police have "no known suspects," Doering told reporters Sunday afternoon. "We are not looking for any known suspects. That doesn't say that there are no suspects. They're just not known to us." One person, 22-year-old Guy Heinze Jr., was arrested Saturday night, Doering said. Heinze is related to one of the victims, he said, and was the one who called 911. He told police he discovered the bodies when he arrived home. Heinze was being held on suspicion of having a controlled substance and marijuana, as well as evidence tampering and making false statements to a police officer, Doering said. He told reporters Heinze has been cooperative. "We're still looking for anybody and everybody that may be related to this," he said. "That naturally includes [Heinze]. Of course we're looking at him." He stopped short, however, of calling Heinze a suspect in the deaths. Autopsies on the victims were taking place Sunday in Savannah, Georgia, Doering said. Police have tentative identifications for the victims, who ranged from children to adults in their mid-40s, he said. Police have been called to the home before, Doering said, but would not say why. Doering remained tight-lipped Sunday about many aspects of the case, refusing to say how the victims died or to give a breakdown of male and female victims. All nine victims lived in the mobile home, he said, and police do not believe any of them conducted the assault. He said police are making progress, and have narrowed down the timeline for when the deaths occurred. Brunswick is about 300 miles southeast of Atlanta, on the Georgia coast. Volunteers conducted an extended search of the area around the mobile home, but nothing was found, Doering said. Meanwhile, police removed additional evidence from the mobile home. Authorities are examining surveillance video from nearby areas, but are not aware of any surveillance system in the mobile home park, he said. "There is cause for concern," Doering said. "We just simply don't have a whole lot to go on, and I'm not going to sit there and tell everybody not to be cautious, because people need to be."
highlights: Police: Someone not in custody may have information about the deaths . Seven found dead Saturday at mobile home park residence in Brunswick, Georgia . One other victim died Sunday, 9th victim still in critical condition Sunday . Police said they have been called to the home before, but would not say why .
id: ca7e71c46f037fa0f45b96d2fe8aa3297b266d30
chatgpt: Tragedy struck the quiet town of Brunswick, Georgia, over the weekend when seven individuals were found dead at a mobile home park residence. Authorities have been investigating the horrific event, and on Sunday, they announced that an additional victim had succumbed to their injuries, bringing the death toll to eight. Police have been tight-lipped about the details surrounding the incident, but they did reveal that they have been called to the mobile home park in the past. The Brunswick Police Department has not provided any information as to why they were previously called to the location or what the issue pertained to. However, they did disclose that they believe someone who is not currently in custody may have some knowledge or insight into the deaths. Police are urging anyone who has information to come forward and share what they know with authorities. As of Sunday evening, one victim remains in critical condition, and their fate is uncertain. It's unclear if there are any suspects or persons of interest in the case. Police have yet to announce any arrests or investigations into the matter. The community has been left shaken by the news of the gruesome deaths. Many residents are wondering what happened and why. They are hoping that the police can provide some answers soon so that they can feel a sense of safety again in their neighborhood. Meanwhile, the families and loved ones of the victims are grieving the loss of their friends and family members. They are struggling to come to terms with the sudden and unexpected loss, and they are seeking answers and justice for their loved ones. The investigation is ongoing, and police are asking anyone with information to come forward. They are hoping that witnesses or anyone with potential leads will speak up so that they can bring a resolution to this horrific event. The residents of Brunswick and the surrounding areas are rallying around the families of the victims and offering their condolences and support during this difficult time. They are hoping that the police can solve this tragedy soon and bring closure to the community.