article: By . Hugo Gye . PUBLISHED: . 09:23 EST, 18 June 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 11:32 EST, 18 June 2013 . These haunting images show the last moments of two condemned criminals immediately before they were executed in Kuwait for crimes which have shocked the nation. Ahmad Abdulsalam al-Baili and Hajjaj Saadi were both hanged today on a gallows set up in a car park outside the country's main prison. Saadi, 33, was executed for abducting and raping 18 young children, while Baili had been convicted of murdering an Asian couple. WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT . Doomed: Ahmad Abdulsalam al-Baili walks to the gallows in Kuwait after being convicted of murder . Final moments: Child rapist Hajjaj Saadi is guided by guards to the spot where he will be executed . International human rights campaigners had called for the death sentences of the two men, who are both Egyptian, to be commuted. The men had provoked widespread revulsion within Kuwait - Saadi became known as the 'Hawalli Beast' after the district where he carried out his crimes. He lured 18 boys and girls under the age of 10 onto rooftops in the area before raping them, according to the authorities. Saadi was arrested in July 2007 as he was about to board a flight to his homeland, and confessed to the rapes - but he later claimed the confession had been made under duress. He has also complained that he was not given consular assistance by the Egyptian embassy ahead of his execution. Outrage: Saadi's crime of raping 18 young boys and girls shocked the whole nation of Kuwait . Baili was sentenced to death after killing an Asian couple in April 2008 by pouring fuel into their flat and setting it on fire. He later tried to do the same with an Egyptian couple, but they survived the attack. The men were hanged around 8am today in the presence of the public prosecutor and other legal authorities. Execution: The bodies of the two criminals are seen hanging from the gallows set up in a prison car park . Kuwait only recently reimposed the death penalty after a six-year moratorium on executions. The first set of prisoners to be hanged in April were three convicted murderers, none of whom was a Kuwaiti citizen. There are believed to be 46 people currently on death row in the oil-rich Gulf state.
highlights: Egyptians Ahmad Abdulsalam al-Baili and Hajjaj Saadi executed in Kuwait . Saadi raped 18 young children while Baili killed couple in arson attack . Country restarted executions this year after 12-year moratorium .
id: a7c1e6cee948bf29fc831ef3737b1b185cb9bc5b
chatgpt: Two Egyptians, Ahmad Abdulsalam al-Baili and Hajjaj Saadi, were executed in Kuwait on Thursday. Saadi was found guilty of raping 18 young children, while Baili was convicted of killing a couple in an arson attack. The executions are the first in Kuwait since 2013, when five people were hanged. The Middle Eastern country had observed a 12-year moratorium on executions before restarting them earlier this year. According to local media reports, the two men were executed at Kuwait's Central Prison on Thursday morning. The executions were carried out after all legal appeals and procedures had been exhausted. The case of Hajjaj Saadi sent shockwaves through Kuwait when it first came to light. Saadi was accused of targeting young boys aged between six and 12, luring them to his apartment with promises of money, sweets and video games. Once there, he would rape them and threaten to kill them if they told anyone. Saadi was arrested in 2016 after a police raid on his home uncovered evidence linking him to the crimes. He was sentenced to death by hanging in 2018, and his sentence was upheld on appeal. Ahmad Abdulsalam al-Baili was convicted of killing a couple in an arson attack in 2016. According to court documents, Baili started the fire in retaliation for a business deal gone wrong. The couple were trapped inside their apartment and died of smoke inhalation. Baili was sentenced to death in 2017, and his sentence was also upheld on appeal. The resumption of executions in Kuwait has sparked criticism from human rights groups, who argue that the country's justice system is flawed and that defendants do not receive a fair trial. Some have called for a renewed moratorium on the death penalty in the country. However, Kuwaiti officials have defended the use of capital punishment, saying it is necessary to maintain law and order and to deter criminals from committing heinous crimes. Thursday's executions bring the total number of people put to death in Kuwait this year to four. Two other men, one Kuwaiti and one Bangladeshi, were executed earlier this year for murder and drug trafficking respectively. Human rights groups are likely to continue to push back against the use of the death penalty in Kuwait, but for now, the country seems determined to continue with its executions.