article: (CNN) -- California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger has signed legislation that requires the state to recognize same-sex marriages performed in other states while such marriages were legal in California. California will recognize same-sex marriages from a period of time before Proposition 8 was enacted. Same-sex marriages performed elsewhere between June 16, 2008, and November 5, 2008, are to be legally recognized, as are in-state marriages performed during that time. The end date represents when a ballot initiative, Proposition 8, added a ban on same-sex marriage to the state constitution. Proposition 8 bars the state from recognizing any marriage performed outside the state outside those dates. The state Supreme Court ruled after the proposition passed that marriages performed before the ban would remain on the books. But Senate Bill 54 splits a legal hair and requires the state to recognize such marriages as "unions," providing "the same legal protections that would otherwise be available to couples that enter into civil unions or domestic partnerships out-of-state," the governor said. "In short, this measure honors the will of the people in enacting Proposition 8 while providing important protections to those unions legally entered into in other states," Schwarzenegger said in a signing statement accompanying his signature. He signed the bill Sunday. Proponents of Proposition 8 lambasted the governor. "The governor's signing of SB 54 illustrates his disregard for the sovereign authority of California's voting citizens," said Everett Rice, a spokesman for the California Family Council. "In 2000 and 2008, the voters expressed their desire at the ballot box to protect traditional marriage. They emphatically affirmed that marriage should retain its historical definition and identity. However, today the governor has joined with other elected representatives by choosing to place the demands of special interest groups over more than 7 million California voters."
highlights: Bill requires California to recognize same-sex marriages performed in other states . State will recognize marriages performed between June 16 and November 5, 2008 . Ending date marks when Proposition 8 was enacted . State will recognize such marriages as "unions;" bill angers those who voted for ban .
id: d1873783a27a731d1a8e5d99343dc3384f3e6c8a
chatgpt: California will now start recognizing same-sex marriages performed in other states, thanks to a new bill that has just been signed into law. The new law requires the state to acknowledge unions between same-sex couples that were conducted in other states between June 16 and November 5, 2008. This time frame coincides with when Proposition 8 was passed, which banned same-sex marriage in the state. The state will officially recognize these marriages as "unions," despite the fact that many of the people who voted for Proposition 8 felt strongly that these unions should not be recognized. This has led to some upset and anger among those who feel that the sanctity of marriage is being undermined by the new law. However, supporters of the bill are celebrating this historic moment. Advocates for same-sex marriage view the new law as a crucial step forward in the fight for equality. They believe that the state should recognize all legal marriages, regardless of the gender of the individuals involved. California has been at the forefront of the battle for same-sex marriage for many years now. In 2008, Proposition 8 passed, which banned same-sex marriage in the state. This was a huge blow for advocates of marriage equality. However, a few years later in 2013, the Supreme Court struck down the measure, paving the way for same-sex marriage to be legally recognized and performed once again in California. In the years since then, California has become one of the most LGBTQ-friendly states in the country. Governor Gavin Newsom has been a vocal supporter of same-sex marriage, and has made it clear that he will always stand up for the rights of the LGBTQ community. With the passage of this new bill, California is taking another step forward in the push for equality. While there may be some who are unhappy with the new law, supporters of same-sex marriage see it as a victory for love and inclusivity.