article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 17:23 EST, 1 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 20:31 EST, 1 October 2013 . In the case of the oddly familiar Lego figure, the officers of Hampshire police had only one suspect – and he was right under their noses. Step forward PC Rob Thomas, who was startled to discover that Lego’s new model policeman was the very image of himself, right down to his collar number of 1337. The 48-year-old father of two said: ‘One of my colleagues collects the Lego figures and found my doppelganger as he opened the latest bag. Ello, ello ello: PC Thomas (left) bears a striking resemblance to Lego's latest model called Constable . ‘When I clocked in for my next shift, there was the little Lego fellow waiting for me in my work tray. I think the likeness is amazing, especially with the matching moustache. 'There's been a lot of banter about my resemblance to this old British bobby. My colleagues have been sending me lots of emails with photos of him attached. 'One . of the lines I've had is "if it was a lifesize figure they'd need more . moulding of the plastic", poking fun at my larger physique. 'My . family think the whole thing is hilarious and my wife Sandra thinks . it's highly entertaining having her husband immortalised in plastic . too.' PC Thomas, who has a 14-year-old daughter and 16-year-old son, said he was a fan of Lego as a child. He . was so intrigued by the resemblance that he even asked Lego about the . model. But the firm told him that the figure’s features and number had . been designed purely by chance. The limited edition 'Constable' mini figure, complete with hat and truncheon, has just been released as part of Series 11, a collection of 13 toys. Doppelganger: The Lego figure is perfect in every detail and even has PC Thomas' number . Its biography on minifigures.lego.com reads: 'The Constable is an old-fashioned sort of policeman. He doesn't use a fancy squad car or motorcycle. 'Instead, he patrols the cobbled streets on foot, twirling his baton as he walks his daily route. He knows every law by heart, he always keeps his uniform neat, and he only takes off his helmet in the presence of the Queen.' PC Thomas, known to colleagues as 'Norm', worked as a response driver before moving to a Safer Neighbourhoods team four years ago. He was given the number - a Southampton number that belonged to a previous officer who had retired - when he joined the force. The shoulder system has now changed, so no one will take over this number when PC Thomas retires.
highlights: Latest model shares community policeman Rob Thomas's moustache . It even shares his officer number, which is supposed to be unique . It was discovered by a colleague, who left it lying in PC Thomas's in-tray . Lego has said the figure was designed 'purely by chance'
id: 86a61d7375378ba9dbb806dc5fa6787dd0270ad5
chatgpt: In a strange coincidence, the latest Lego model seems to be modeled after a community policeman's unique features. Rob Thomas, who has been serving his community for years, has a unique trademark - his moustache. It seems that this moustache has been replicated by Lego in its latest model. Not only that, but the Lego figure also shares PC Thomas's unique officer number, which is supposed to be exclusive to him. The discovery was made by one of PC Thomas's colleagues, who stumbled upon the miniature figurine lying in the officer's in-tray. Shocked and surprised, the colleague brought the matter to the attention of the local authorities, who then contacted the Lego company to investigate the matter. Lego, for their part, has denied any intention to model the figurine after Police Community Officer Rob Thomas, claiming that it was mere coincidence. "We pride ourselves on our original designs and do not intentionally replicate anyone's personal features or likeness in our products," said a Lego spokesperson. "We are investigating the matter further to get to the root of the issue." PC Thomas, for his part, has laughed off the incident, saying that he was flattered that his trademark moustache and officer number had made it into the Lego universe. "It's not every day that you get to become a Lego figure," he said. "I think it just goes to show how unique and recognizable my features are." While some might find the coincidence amusing, others are concerned about the implications of using personal features in commercial products. One expert warned that this could set a dangerous precedent, particularly for those in positions of public service. "While this might seem like a harmless joke, it could have serious consequences down the line," he said. "What if someone were to create a toy or product based on a politician's likeness or personal features? It could be seen as a form of political propaganda." For now, the Lego figure based on PC Thomas's moustache and officer number remains a source of entertainment and amusement for many. The incident has even brought some much-needed attention to the role of community officers like PC Thomas and the important work they do in our local communities. Overall, while there may be some concerns about the use of personal features in commercial products, it seems that this particular incident has had a positive impact on the public's perception of our brave men and women in uniform.