article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . Bringing one of the world's biggest lambs into existence was no mean feat - in fact, one could say it was a David versus Goliath battle. Farmer David Enticott, 53, helped deliver the newborn on Thursday, naming him Goliath after discovering he tipped the scales at 22.5lbs. The hefty animal is three times the size of an average lamb and weighs the same as a human toddler. Scroll down for video . Tipping the scales: Goliath, pictured, left, next to a normal sized lamb, weighs the same as a human toddler . He weighs just 1.5lb less than the Guinness World record holder, who was born at 24lbs in Lancashire in May 2013. Mr . Enticott's wife, Ann, 49, said she had never seen anything quite like . the lamb, who was born at the couple’s farm in Wellington, Somerset. 'He is amazing. He was born three days ago now, thankfully the mum didn’t suffer during the birth,' said Mrs Enticott, who has been lambing with her husband for 13 years, . 'My . husband was helping her and he noticed that the lamb had extremely big . feet - you can normally tell from the feet how big the lamb will be. Astonishing: He weighs 22.5lbs - just 1.5lb less than the Guinness World record holder, who was born at 24lbs . Newborn: The enormous lamb was born at farmer David Enticott's farm in Wellington, Somerset, on Thursday . 'When he was born we just couldn’t believe how big he was. We decided that we should weight him so we did and he was 22.5Ibs. 'When we looked online we realised just how impressive this was. He’s out in the shed now but he’s very gangly because of his size. He’s so big he just lolops around. We’ve been lambing since January so far this season and he is as big now as some of the lambs born in January.' His first steps: Giant lambs can cause pelvic injuries to mothers, but Goliath's mother emerged unscathed . She added: 'We’ve been lambing now since 2001 and never in our time have we seen a lamb as big as this. Ewes often give birth to twins, triplets or sometimes more than three each delivery, but when they have a single offspring it can often be larger. These lambs can cause pelvic injuries to the mother, but thankfully Goliath’s mother emerged unscathed. Shocked: Mr Enticott's wife, Ann, pictured with Goliath and his mother, was shocked by the newborn's size .
highlights: Lamb, named Goliath, born on farm in Wellington, Somerset, on Thursday . He tips scales at 22.5lbs, making him three times the size of average lamb . He weighs just 1.5lb less than world record holder, born at 24lbs in 2013 .
id: 02f86e2fab694d7d85d1922e56ed31be8a056942
chatgpt: A farm in Wellington, Somerset, welcomed a new addition to its flock on Thursday when a mammoth lamb was born. Weighing in at a staggering 22.5lbs, the lamb - named Goliath - is almost three times the size of an average lamb. Farm owner, David Cross, was overjoyed with the arrival of Goliath, stating that he had never seen a lamb so large. "I've been a farmer for over 30 years and I've never seen anything like it," said Cross. "Goliath is an absolute monster." Goliath's size is almost unprecedented. He weighs just 1.5lbs less than the world record holder - a lamb born in 2013 that weighed a whopping 24lbs. Goliath's mother, a Texel ewe, gave birth to him without any complications and he is currently doing well. The farming community has been stunned by the size of Goliath, with many hailing him as a true giant among lambs. Online forums have been buzzing with discussion about the lamb, with many users speculating on how much he might sell for at market. Mr Cross, who runs the farm alongside his wife, Margaret, said that Goliath would not be sold and would instead be kept as a mascot for the farm. "We've had a number of people come and ask about buying Goliath, but he's not for sale," he said. "He's going to be a permanent fixture here at the farm and we're already planning to take him to some country shows next year." Texel sheep are popular among farmers due to their high growth rate and good meat quality. They are often bred for their lambing abilities and are a common choice for crossbreeding. Goliath's size is even more remarkable when considering the average size for lambs. According to experts, a typical lamb weighs between 5-8lbs at birth. Goliath's size suggests that he is the result of a combination of both genetics and a healthy diet during pregnancy. News of Goliath's arrival has spread beyond the farming community, with many on social media captivated by the giant lamb. Thousands of users have taken to Twitter to comment on Goliath's size and share pictures of the cute lamb. While Goliath may not be breaking any world records, he has certainly made an impression in Wellington, Somerset. For now, he'll be enjoying life on the farm and charming visitors with his impressive size.