article: (CNN) -- April 19 was perhaps the most harrowing day in the history of Watertown, Massachusetts -- the suburb where the manhunt for Boston Marathon bombing suspects Dzhokhar and Tamerlan Tsarnaev came to separate, bloodied conclusions. The numerous law enforcement agencies involved in the pursuit of the Tsarnaevs tracked the brothers to a residential Watertown neighborhood in the early-morning hours. The ensuing shootout ended with older brother, Tamerlan, dead, transit officer Richard Donohue seriously wounded and another 15 police officers injured. A wounded Dzhokhar Tsarnaev surrendered later that evening from a boat parked in a Watertown yard. Countless news cameras and smartphones captured images of the fear, valor and elation experienced in Watertown on that Friday; and now officials are looking for the best of those images for a 2014 calendar. "While we will never be able to put into words our gratitude for what our police did, we can try to let the photos from that night in April speak for themselves," Watertown Police Foundation board member Steve Messina said in a statement. "This calendar is meant to capture the best of those `snapshots' all in one place while also continuing to raise funds for the work that our police do." The foundation's website invites Watertown residents to submit photos of the "dramatic confrontation with the Marathon bombing suspects, pursuit and arrest." Leaked photos of the younger Tsarnaev's capture landed a Massachusetts State Police photographer in hot water back in July. Sgt. Sean Murphy provided Boston magazine with the unauthorized photos after Rolling Stone magazine put Dzhokhar Tsarnaev on its cover. Murphy called the cover "an insult" because, in his view, it didn't portray Dzhokhar Tsarnaev the right way. He was briefly suspended and has since been reassigned. His actions are being investigated. The foundation website also suggests photos of "the cheering afterwards, the tributes, parades, prayers, hugs and celebrations since. Interesting photos, compelling photos, preferably positive photos of the pride we all have in our Watertown Police and our town." Proceeds from the $13 calendar will go toward "worthwhile projects that support the work of the Watertown Police," according to a press release. The deadline for photo submissions is September 30. Dzhokhar Tsarnaev pleaded not guilty to killing four people and wounding more than 200. He is charged with 30 federal counts stemming from the April 15 attack, when a pair of bombs went off near the finish line of the packed course. A Massachusetts Institute of Technology police officer was killed three days later at the start of the dramatic chase that led to Tsarnaev's capture.
highlights: Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was captured in Watertown; brother died in shootout . Police foundation wants photos from that April night . Calendar planned for 2014 .
id: b1268aead85a7303b739556bc3af0befd985b614
chatgpt: In a dramatic end to the manhunt for the Boston Marathon bombers, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was captured in Watertown on April 19, 2013. His brother, Tamerlan Tsarnaev, died in a shootout with police that same night. Now, nearly eight years later, the Boston Police Foundation is seeking to obtain previously unpublished photos from that fateful night. According to the foundation, the images are needed to complete a calendar that is planned for release in 2014. The calendar will showcase the bravery and dedication of Boston's police officers, who put their lives on the line to protect the city and its residents. The foundation hopes that the images from the night of the Tsarnaev capture will be a powerful reminder of the sacrifices that law enforcement personnel make every day. The foundation is asking anyone who may have taken photos of the events that night to come forward and share them. They have assured the public that the photos will be used only for the calendar project and will not be shared or used in any other way without the express permission of the photographer. The capture of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was a momentous occasion in the history of Boston. The bombing had taken place just days earlier, killing three people and injuring more than 260. The city was on high alert, and law enforcement agencies were working around the clock to track down the suspects. When the Tsarnaev brothers were identified as the alleged perpetrators, a massive manhunt was launched. Tamerlan was killed in a shootout with police in the early hours of April 19, and Dzhokhar fled, sparking a tense standoff that lasted for nearly 24 hours. As the search for Dzhokhar continued, the people of Boston came together in a show of solidarity and support for the police and other law enforcement personnel involved in the manhunt. Residents were asked to stay indoors, and many offered food and other supplies to the officers working tirelessly to bring the situation to a close. Finally, Dzhokhar was located, hiding in a boat in a residential backyard. Police SWAT teams converged on the scene, and after a brief exchange of gunfire, Dzhokhar was taken into custody. The capture of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev marked the end of a harrowing chapter in Boston's history. The city came together to heal and rebuild, and the bravery and dedication of the police officers who worked tirelessly to bring the bombers to justice was a testament to the strength and resilience of the human spirit. Now, with the release of the calendar, the Boston Police Foundation hopes to celebrate the courage of these men and women and honor the sacrifices they make every day to keep our communities safe.