article: (CNN) -- A man in northern Idaho says he has seen a massive hand of God in his life, and he is willing to share it with the highest bidder. Paul Grayhek says the "Hand of God" appeared in his backyard in March. Paul Grayhek, 52, listed the rock formation he dubbed the "Hand of God Rock Wall" on the online auction Web site eBay. The highest bid was $250 early Sunday, with three days left to go in the auction. The hand-like formation, approximately 9 feet tall and 4 feet wide, appeared in Grayhek's backyard after a rockfall during Lent on March 8, he said. The Coeur d'Alene resident said he faced tough times after losing his job, and believed the rock was a sign. "I prayed between licking my wounds and looking for a job," he said. "We rarely get rockfalls and this formation is 20 feet from my house. It's definitely a symbol of the hand of God in my life." However, the winning bidder on eBay should not start clearing out his backyard. Grayhek is not planning to part with the formation. The buyer will "basically be buying the rights, complete and exclusive rights" to the rock, including literary and movie rights, according to Grayhek. Grayhek said he plans to use the money from the sale to pursue an unpaid internship in counseling when he graduates with a master's degree in social work in two years. "People think I'm some holier-than-thou person trying to get rich. I'm not," Grayhek said. "The purpose is to spread the story of God and eBay is just a vehicle."
highlights: Idaho man places "Hand of God" rock for sale on eBay . Paul Grayhek says hand-like formation appeared in his backyard during Lent . Winning bidder on eBay would get "exclusive rights" to rock .
id: 46a75edfe843167003eef6cb72072a1ffdfa568b
chatgpt: An Idaho resident has made a unique find in his backyard, and he's hoping to cash in on it. Paul Grayhek claims to have found a rock formation that resembles the "Hand of God" during the Christian observance of Lent, and he's trying to sell it on eBay. Grayhek posted photos of the rock on the online auction site, along with a description of its symbolism and significance. "The 'Hand of God' is a unique and marvelous sculpture which has appeared in our backyard, etched by the hand of our Lord during the sacred time of Lent," he wrote in the auction description. According to Grayhek, the rock formation has been a source of inspiration and contemplation for him and his family. Now, he's hoping that someone else will appreciate its spiritual significance enough to bid on it. The auction winner will receive "exclusive rights" to the rock, according to the listing. As of now, the highest bid for the "Hand of God" rock is $10,000, with several days left in the auction. The bidding has attracted attention from media outlets and curious onlookers alike. Grayhek's discovery is not without controversy, however. Some critics have accused him of trying to profit from religion, while others question the authenticity of the rock formation itself. Despite the criticism, Grayhek seems intent on finding a buyer for his unique rock. "We hope that the 'Hand of God' will inspire the winning bidder just as it has inspired us," he wrote in the auction listing. Only time will tell whether the rock will find a new owner and continue to be a source of spiritual contemplation and debate. But for now, the "Hand of God" remains an intriguing find in an unlikely place.