article: By . Pa Reporter . St Helens powered away from Wakefield in the second half to stay top of the First Utility Super League. Saints' much-changed team dominated the opening 40 minutes only to have just a six-point cushion to show for it at the break at 12-6 in front, but they found their killer instinct after the interval and ran out winners by seven tries to three. Tommy Makinson, Josh Jones and Shannon McDonnell scored two tries each, while Mark Percival kicked six goals. Leap of faith: Shannon McDonnell scored two tries in St Helens' 40-16 win over Wakefield . Nathan Brown shuffled his team again in the absence of his long-term casualties, with Paul Wellens moved up to scrum-half and replaced by debutant McDonnell at full-back. Fielding four props from the start, with Jordan Turner providing some variety to the Saints attack, the home side opted for power. Saints took an early lead when McDonnell's chip on the last tackle forced an error and from the subsequent free play Percival dabbed through for Makinson to touch down. There was the worrying sight of England hooker James Roby leaving the field on 15 minutes, but he was able to return with his leg strapped at the start of the second half. Saints enjoyed the lion's share of the ball, forcing a number of repeat sets with smart kicking from Turner, Gary Wheeler and Wellens. However, it was not until the 27th minute that they managed to breach the visitors' line, with quick hands from Wellens sending centre Jones cantering home. Trinity countered with a late flourish just before the break and were rewarded with a close-range score from Danny Washbrook, with Jarrod Sammut's goal cutting the deficit to six points at the break. Saints were quick out of the blocks in the second half and a super break from Percival, followed by a clever kick down the touchline, yielded a debut try for McDonnell. Percival added the magnificent conversion, but Trinity hit back shortly afterwards. Scrum-half Tim Smith was afforded all the time in the world to pick his spot on the right to loft the ball for Richard Owen to attack, out-jumping Matty Dawson to touch down. Frontrunners: St Helens Kyle Armor (C) in action at Langtree Park as St Helens secured top spot in the league . However, Saints' big men were determined to stamp their authority on the game and one of those - Sia Soliola - forced his way through from close range range. And then a great break from Roby, backed up by Turner, ended up with McDonnell chasing up in support from full-back to bag his second of the night. Jones added his second and, although Lee Gilmour grabbed a late consolation against his old club, Saints had the last word with Makinson completing his brace. CLICK HERE to start picking your Fantasy Football team NOW! There’s £60,000 in prizes including £1,000 up for grabs EVERY WEEK… .
highlights: St Helens remain top of the First Utility Super League after defeating Wakefield 40-16 at Langtree Park . Tommy Makinson, Josh Jones and Shannon McDonnell scored two tries each, while Mark Percival kicked six goals for the Saints . There was an injury fear over James Roby but the England hooker recovered .
id: 03876d0aca1b6ac3beab904c627da0e9727311a4
chatgpt: St Helens continued their dominance in the First Utility Super League by earning a comprehensive 40-16 victory over Wakefield at Langtree Park. The win saw Saints maintain their position at the top of the league standings with thirteen wins from sixteen games. Tommy Makinson, Josh Jones, and Shannon McDonnell each scored two tries in a dominant display by the home side. Center Mark Percival was on point all evening, successfully kicking six goals for the Saints. Despite the impressive victory, there were some injury concerns for St Helens as England hooker James Roby was forced to leave the field after picking up a knock. However, the medical staff confirmed that the injury was not serious, and Roby was able to return to the field to finish the game. St Helens started the game brightly and opened the scoring in the 10th minute through a try from Josh Jones. Wakefield responded well with a try of their own just two minutes later when Dean Collis touched down after a smart move by the visitors. However, St Helens regained control of the game with two quick tries, the first from Tommy Makinson in the 18th minute and the second from Shannon McDonnell in the 22nd minute. The home fans were delighted with the way their team was playing as they dominated the first half, scoring three tries and grabbing a 16-6 lead before the break. Wakefield could not find a way into the game in the second half as St Helens continued to push forward. Shannon McDonnell and Tommy Makinson both scored their second tries of the night to extend the lead to 28-6 after 59 minutes. Wakefield did manage to score a few consolation tries late on, through Anthony Tupou and Reece Lyne, but it was not enough to mount a comeback. St Helens rounded off their impressive display with a try from Josh Jones and another from Mark Percival. After the game, St Helens coach Keiron Cunningham praised his players for their performance, "I thought we were really good tonight. Our execution was good, and we were clinical in the way we finished our chances. It was great to see players like Tommy and Shannon getting on the scoresheet. They are both outstanding talents." Cunningham also expressed his relief at Roby's injury not turning out to be serious, "We were all a bit worried when James went off injured, but thankfully, it wasn't too serious. He's a vital player for us, and it's great to have him back on the field." St Helens will now turn their attention to their next game against Huddersfield Giants as they look to continue their impressive form this season. Wakefield, on the other hand, will be hoping to bounce back when they take on Hull FC next week.