article: (CNN) -- For most people, Post-it Notes are disposable, ordinary office papers used for note-taking and reminders. But for 19-year-old David Alvarez of Leavenworth, Washington, they were the perfect medium for a 10-foot-tall mosaic depicting Ray Charles. David Alvarez, right, made this 10-foot-tall mosaic of Ray Charles using Post-it Notes. Using more than 2,000 of those ubiquitous brightly-colored sticky scraps, Alvarez composed a three-dimensional representation of the famous musician. The piece has just gone on display at Wenatchee Valley College in Wenatchee, Washington, where Alvarez is in his second year of studies.   "It's something so simple. You can still see the flaps sticking out on some of them," he said. "Naturally the Post-it Note just sort of flaps out."   While learning new techniques in Adobe Photoshop in a class, he experimented with taking a photograph of Ray Charles and making it look like a mosaic on the computer screen. He then translated this idea into the Post-it work.  He spent three months constructing the mosaic, sometimes sacrificing schoolwork for his art. At least one of his papers for his summer English courses suffered, but he persevered so that he could participate in an art show July 28 at the Stanley Civic Center in Wenatchee.   Originally, the Post-it Notes stayed in this unique format only by virtue of their manufactured stickiness, which does not hold up as well as glue, Alvarez found. When he displayed his work at the show, he monitored the project for 14 hours, continuously replacing notes that were falling off.  The aspiring art teacher now uses glue to hold the notes in place. For his next project, he is considering a mosaic using 4-inch x 4-inch notes, up from the 3-inch x 3-inch size used in the Ray Charles piece.   "Part of me wants to, part of me doesn't," he said. "It was so hard to align. It took a lot of time and patience."  E-mail to a friend .
highlights: David Alvarez makes mosaic with more than 2,000 Post-it Notes . Mosaic on display at Wenatchee Valley College, Washington . Artist wants to teach art .
id: b8c7028d9c3540e48a84f00df29da2b0018363e6
chatgpt: David Alvarez, an artist from Washington, has created a stunning mosaic using over 2,000 Post-it Notes. The piece, which has been titled "Sticky Beauty", is currently on display at Wenatchee Valley College in the west-central part of the state. It took Alvarez six weeks to complete the mosaic, which measures four feet by eight feet. He used a variety of colored Post-it Notes to create the intricate design. Alvarez found inspiration for the piece in the vibrancy and diversity of the Pacific Northwest. The artist hopes that "Sticky Beauty" will inspire others to explore their own artistic abilities. Alvarez wants to use his art to teach others about creativity and encourage them to try new things. "I want people to see that you can make something beautiful from something as simple as a Post-it Note," he said. The mosaic has garnered widespread attention since it was unveiled at the college. Visitors have marveled at the impressive display of color and craftsmanship. Several have expressed interest in creating their own mosaics using Post-it Notes. Alvarez has received many accolades for his work with "Sticky Beauty". He has been invited to display the piece at several art shows and galleries throughout the region. He has also been approached about the possibility of creating similar works for public spaces and private collections. Despite the newfound attention, Alvarez remains humble about his artistic talents. He views his work as simply a way to express himself and connect with others. "Art is about sharing something personal with the world and inviting others in," he said. For those interested in learning more about Alvarez's work, he will be hosting several workshops on mosaic-making in the coming months. He hopes that by sharing his techniques and knowledge, he can encourage others to discover the beauty of art.