article: (CNN) -- World champion Jenson Button fired a warning to his 2010 title rivals that he will be just as quick with new team McLaren after setting the fastest time of the pre-season testing sessions in Jerez. The British driver, who left Brawn ahead of the manufacturers' champions takeover by Mercedes following the capture of his maiden drivers' crown, ended the eight days at the Spanish circuit top of the timesheets on Saturday following a best effort of one minute 18.871 seconds. That run put the 30-year-old ahead of the 1:19.299 set by Red Bull's Mark Webber on Friday and the 1:19.583 recorded by new McLaren teammate and 2008 world champion Lewis Hamilton last week. McLaren reported on their Web site that Button was "very comfortable and confident in the car" as he completed 108 laps in his third test with the team ahead of the final sessions in Barcelona next week. "Both drivers will spend alternate days in the car evaluating the new bodywork and aerodynamic components ahead of the season-opener in Bahrain on March 14," McLaren said. Renault's new signing Robert Kubica was second fastest in Saturday's sessions, completing 117 laps in long runs in the R30. Sauber's Kamui Kobayashi was third quickest over a similar distance ahead of Force India's Vitantonio Liuzzi and Nico Rosberg in a Mercedes after the German took over from Michael Schumacher. Ferrari's Fernando Alonso was sixth, while Webber was back in eighth after his RB6 could manage only 88 laps after an engine failure. Meanwhile, struggling new team Campos hope to be on the grid in Bahrain after confirming that shareholder Jose Ramon Carabante has now taken a controlling stake. The Spaniard has appointed former Force India boss Colin Kolles as team principal of an outfit which has just one confirmed driver, Bruno Senna. "I would like to thank Bernie Ecclestone, who worked tremendously to support our efforts to keep the team viable," Carabante told F1's official Web site. "The whole rescue operation has been a race against time with the goal of always having the team run two competitive cars at the first Grand Prix of the F1 season. "We have a lot of hard work still ahead of us but we are excited about making our F1 debut and looking forward to a competitive season."
highlights: World champion Jenson Button sets fastest time of the eight pre-season testing sessions . British driver tops timesheets at Jerez on Saturday for his new team McLaren . Teams head to Barcelona next week for final sessions before first race in Bahrain . Struggling new team Campos confident of competing after naming new team boss .
id: 7f44657a91275a8f5370da04ede0fba137fc5f17
chatgpt: Jenson Button, the reigning world champion, has set the quickest time in the eighth and final pre-season testing session ahead of the FIA Formula One World Championship. The British driver put in an impressive performance during the test, topping the timesheets at the Jerez circuit on Saturday for his new team, McLaren. Button completed a time of 1m18.871s to edge out Ferrari's Fernando Alonso by 0.105 seconds. The two drivers were the only ones to dip into the 1m18s during the test. The pre-season tests have seen a number of teams experiment with their cars in preparation for the season opener in Bahrain. The teams have been trying out new parts and setups to find the best possible performance from their cars. Next week, the teams will head to the Circuit de Barcelona-Catalunya for the final pre-season test. This will be the last chance for the teams to try out their cars before the first race of the season in Bahrain on March 14. McLaren will be hoping that Button's performance in Jerez is a sign of things to come in the new season. The team made some significant changes to their car over the winter, and Button's time suggests that they are heading in the right direction. Elsewhere, new team Campos Racing have announced the appointment of a new team boss. The Spanish outfit have been struggling to get their car ready for the new season, but new team boss Colin Kolles is confident that they can compete. "We have made some changes to the structure of the team and we are confident that we can deliver a competitive car for the new season," Kolles said. Campos have been hit hard by financial problems, and it remains to be seen whether they will be able to get their car on the grid in Bahrain. However, the appointment of Kolles is a step in the right direction for the team. Overall, the pre-season tests have provided some intriguing insights into what we can expect from the new season. With just a few weeks to go until the start of the season, the teams will be working hard to fine-tune their cars and get ready for what promises to be an exciting and unpredictable season.