article: By . Bill Caven . PUBLISHED: . 20:51 EST, 7 August 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 03:09 EST, 8 August 2013 . A fancy dress float featuring a man dressed as serial sex predator Jimmy Savile has sparked outrage in a small Scottish Borders town. Thousands of families and visitors turned out to watch the parade through Lauder in Berwickshire – one of the highlights of its annual Common Riding festivities. But bystanders’ cheers turned to gasps of horror when they saw the man’s costume theme was based on the disgraced BBC television presenter. Other men on the float were dressed as schoolgirls. Outrage: The Twenty 10 Club float which paraded through Lauder in Berwickshire . Many of the shocked spectators vowed not to attend future events staged as part of the week-long Common Riding programme, which is held to celebrate the Royal Burgh’s history. They insist the actions of the local group – calling themselves the Twenty 10 Club – went beyond what was acceptable. Some of those who were offended by the float have vented their anger on Lauder Common Riding’s Facebook page. One spectator, George Kynoch, said: ‘I feel that was a step way over the line. What I had hoped would be a pleasant night and a good memory has now been tainted.’ The fancy dress parade is part of Lauder's annual Common Riding (pictured) Another resident, Margaret Ryles, said: ‘I feel there was no respect for those who were abused by this very sick, sick man. ‘This float should never have been allowed to have been entered, regardless of freedom of speech and expression.’ Jimmy Savile is suspected of abusing more than 200 people before his death in 2011 . Christine Grahame, the Nationalist MSP for Midlothian South, Tweeddale and Lauderdale, said: ‘Floats are supposed to be for fun and families. I have to say that I think this was really pretty bad taste. ‘You can have humour in some circumstances but given what we know about him now and what perhaps we have yet to find out, in these circumstances I don’t think it was appropriate.’ However the controversial entry – which was awarded third place by judges at the weekend – has also been fiercely defended on the same social networking page. And organisers of the showpiece event insist there are no plans to vet future floats. Elaine Brotherstone, secretary of Lauder Common Riding, said it would remain up to fancy dress competitors what outfits they elected  to wear. She said: ’We have never censored anyone at the fancy dress and do not intend to. There was no offence intended and they were not trivialising what happened. ‘It is about freedom of speech.  People have the right to complain but don’t have the right to tell us what to do.’ A Metropolitan Police report into allegations of sexual assault by Savile described him as a ‘prolific, predatory sex offender’ who is suspected of abusing more than 200 people before his death in 2011.
highlights: Thousands of families watched the parade through Lauder in Berwickshire . It is one of the highlights of its annual Common Riding festivities . One float featured a man dressed as Jimmy Savile surrounded by schoolgirls . Many of the shocked spectators vowed not to attend future events .
id: 19112b5be7795d0a766e4aac14be9388f5c44783
chatgpt: The annual Common Riding festivities in Lauder, Berwickshire, are meant to be a joyful and uplifting celebration of the community's history and traditions, but this year's parade left a bad taste in the mouths of many attendees. Thousands of families gathered to watch the procession through the streets, which featured floats, marching bands, and costumed performers. However, one float in particular caused outrage and disgust among the crowd. The float in question featured a man dressed as the notorious TV personality Jimmy Savile, who was posthumously revealed to have committed numerous acts of sexual abuse over the course of his career. The man was surrounded by schoolgirls, some of whom were wearing uniforms and carrying signs bearing offensive slogans. Many attendees were shocked and appalled by the insensitivity and poor taste of this float, and some took to social media to express their outrage. Several onlookers told reporters that they were especially disappointed that such a display could be allowed to take part in a family-friendly event like the Common Riding. "I couldn't believe what I was seeing," said one attendee, who wished to remain anonymous. "I was there with my young daughter and she was asking questions about who Jimmy Savile was. I had to come up with some kind of explanation, but it was really difficult. I just wanted to shield her from that kind of thing." Others took a more proactive approach to their shock and anger, speaking out during and after the parade. Some attendees carried signs condemning the Savile float, while others refused to applaud or cheer along with other bystanders. Many took to social media to share their disgust, with some calling for an official apology from the organizers of the Common Riding. The response from the parade's official organizers was mixed. Some defended the float as a harmless bit of satire and dismissed the backlash as overly sensitive. However, others quickly apologized for any offense caused and promised to ensure greater oversight and scrutiny of future parade entries. "We're really sorry if anyone was upset or offended by what they saw," said a spokesperson for the Common Riding Committee. "We pride ourselves on putting on an inclusive and respectful event, and we'll be taking steps to make sure that we never see anything like this again." Despite the apologies and assurances, many attendees have vowed not to return to future Common Riding events. Some have even called for a boycott of the parade and other festivities until there is a more thorough and accountable approach to screening entries and ensuring that offensive and inappropriate content is not included. Overall, the 2021 Common Riding parade in Lauder may go down in history as a cautionary tale about the dangers of turning a blind eye to questionable entries and failing to recognize the potentially far-reaching consequences of insensitive acts. The hope is that the organizers will learn from this criticism and work harder to ensure that the traditions and culture of the community are celebrated in a respectful and uplifting way, free from the taint of controversy and offense.