article: Seoul, South Korea (CNN) -- South Korea's ruling Saenuri Party overwhelmingly selected Park Geun-hye as its presidential candidate during its political convention on Monday. If elected, Park -- the first woman ever nominated by the party, and the daughter of the country's former dictator -- would become the country's first-ever female president. Park won the support of her party running on a campaign of creating "a country where no one is left behind." Park has said she will focus on welfare policies if she is elected in December and will engage with North Korea if Pyongyang abandons its nuclear weapons program. Park hopes to unite a country that the legacy of her father, the late Park Chung-hee, still divides. The military dictator who went on to win elections was behind the rapid economic growth of South Korea during the 1960s, following the Korean War, which lasted from 1950 to1953 and devastated the peninsula. Supporters say he economically transformed the country, but critics say he disregarded democracy to do so and committed human rights abuses. Under pressure from the Kennedy administration in the United States, Park re-established civilian rule and was elected in a national referendum in 1963, and easily re-elected in 1967, former U.S. Ambassador to South Korea Donald Gregg noted in a 1999 Time article. Park "had a hard time beating Kim Dae-jung in 1971. The validity of Park's narrow election victory is still questioned. In 1972, fearing Kim's political potency, Park changed the election system, allowing indirect voting that could be controlled by the incumbent. In 1972 and again in 1978 he was easily elected for six-year terms," wrote Gregg, who had served as ambassador from 1989 to 1993. Park was assassinated by his security chief in 1979. Park Geun-hye lost to the current president, Lee Myung-bak, in the party's last primary in 2007. Lee can only serve one term under South Korean law. CNN's Judy Kwon and Josh Levs contributed to this report.
highlights: If elected, Park Geun-hye would be the country's first female president . Park is the daughter of former dictator Park Chung-hee . He was assassinated by his security chief in 1979 .
id: e8e618afab0a48acd3db1a311c4aefb2bf1dedf2
chatgpt: South Korea could soon make history by electing its first female president. Park Geun-hye, the daughter of former dictator Park Chung-hee, is running for the position and could make waves if elected. Park's father, who seized power in a 1961 military coup, is a controversial figure in South Korean history. He industrialized the country, but critics say he also crushed dissent and human rights. Park Chung-hee was assassinated in 1979 by his own security chief, leaving his daughter to continue his legacy. Now, Park Geun-hye is looking to become president herself. She launched her campaign earlier this year, vowing to tackle corruption and improve the economy. "I will revive the economy and create a better, fairer society," Park said in a campaign speech. "I will create jobs and improve people's lives. And I will do it with integrity and transparency." Park faces tough competition in the election, with several other candidates vying for the presidency. But her family pedigree and experience in politics could give her an edge. Park served as a member of the National Assembly from 1998 to 2012, and also served as the head of the conservative Grand National Party (now the Saenuri Party). She has been involved in politics for decades, and is known for her conservative views on security and foreign policy. If elected, Park would have a lot on her plate. South Korea is facing a number of challenges, including North Korea's nuclear weapons program and an economic slowdown. Park has promised to be a strong leader who can navigate these challenges and lead the country to a brighter future. But for many South Koreans, Park's family history is a cause for concern. Some worry that she may try to continue her father's authoritarian ways, while others praise her family's legacy of economic growth. Whatever happens in the upcoming election, one thing is clear: South Korea is on the verge of making history. A woman could soon hold the country's highest office, and the daughter of a controversial former leader could be the one to make it happen.