article: (CNN) -- A 61-year-old man was sentenced Monday to 15 years in federal prison for helping engineer a $14.2 million Medicare fraud, including hiring parishioners at the church he co-lead to help with the scheme, the federal government said. Christopher Iruke was convicted in August -- along with his wife, Connie Ikpoh, and one of their employees, Aura Marroquin -- of conspiracy and health care fraud. Besides the prison time, U.S. District Judge Terry Hatter on Monday ordered Iruke to pay back $6.7 million with his conspirators and serve three years of "supervised release" once he gets out of prison, the U.S. Justice Department said in a news release. He and Ikpoh were charged in October 2009 with bilking Medicare by fraudulently billing the government for electric wheelchairs and other expensive medical equipment. At the time, the two were both pastors at a now-defunct Los Angeles church, the Arms of Grace Christian Church. Ikpoh also worked as a nurse at Southern California hospitals. They ran one of their fraudulent companies, Pascon Medical Supply, from the church. Another -- Horizon Medical Equipment -- was owned by Ikpoh. At last year's trial, jurors heard evidence that Iruke bought fraudulent prescriptions and documents that the three used to bill Medicare for equipment that were either "medically unnecessary or never provided," the Justice Department said. For instance, they billed Medicare about $6,000 for a power wheelchair that actually costs closer to $900. Under threat of an audit by Medicare, Iruke persuaded his sister and one of his parishioners to open two new medical supply firms in their names. These were run after the other two companies, Pascon and Horizon, ceased operations. During the trial, witnesses said that "they and others paid cash kickbacks to street-level marketers to offer Medicare beneficiaries free (devices and equipment) in exchange for the beneficiaries' Medicare card numbers and personal information." This data was used to make fraudulent prescriptions and medical documents, which they then sold to Iruke and others. Iruke told two of his employees, including Marroquin, to lie to state and federal inspectors and also urged them to talk on cell phones in hopes of evading law enforcement, witnesses said at the trial. In total, the federal government said that the conspirators submitted $14.2 million in fraudulent Medicare claims and got about $6.7 million in reimbursements. Marroquin was sentenced in December to time served and three years of supervised release, while Ikpoh will be sentenced February 27.
highlights: Christopher Iruke, 61, was the pastor at a now-defunct L.A. church . He also ran medical supply companies, paying for illicit prescriptions and documents . He submitted $14.2 million in fraudulent claims and got $6.7 million in reimbursements . He was convicted in August, along with his wife, one other conspirator .
id: 88d2ee621d3b7fc16ed0475258b81a7aaad4650f
chatgpt: Former Los Angeles pastor Christopher Iruke, age 61, has been convicted of defrauding Medicare for over $6.7 million. Iruke, who formerly served as the pastor of a now-defunct church in Los Angeles, also owned medical supply companies that he used to manufacture and distribute fraudulent prescriptions and documents. According to prosecutors, Iruke submitted more than $14.2 million in fraudulent Medicare claims over the course of several years. The majority of these claims were for medical equipment, such as motorized wheelchairs and scooters, that were never actually received by patients. Despite his efforts to cover up his fraud, Iruke was ultimately convicted in August, along with his wife and one other conspirator. The three were found guilty on counts of conspiracy to commit health care fraud, health care fraud, and conspiracy to pay and receive illegal kickbacks. "This defendant chose to enrich himself at the expense of taxpayers, and the vulnerable Medicare beneficiaries who were supposed to benefit from this program," said United States Attorney Nick Hanna. Throughout his scheme, Iruke used a network of co-conspirators to carry out his fraud. He paid doctors and medical professionals for fictitious prescriptions and documents, and also used his own medical supply companies to manufacture and distribute fraudulent equipment. In total, Iruke and his co-conspirators defrauded Medicare out of over $6.7 million. Though the money was initially paid out by the government, Iruke now faces significant penalties, including incarceration and the forfeiture of his assets. "Health care fraud is one of the fastest-growing crimes in America," said Paul Delacourt, the Assistant Director in Charge of the FBI's Los Angeles Field Office. "The FBI and our partners will aggressively pursue criminals like Iruke who put profits over patients." Iruke's conviction serves as a stark reminder of the prevalence of health care fraud in America. Despite efforts by law enforcement and the government to curb fraud, the criminal enterprise remains a significant threat to the integrity of the health care system. Moving forward, prosecutors vow to continue to pursue cases like Iruke's, in order to protect those who rely on Medicare and other government-funded health care programs.