article: By . Adam Crafton . Follow @@AdamCrafton_ . Manchester United starlet Reece James is under consideration for a call-up to the England Under-21 side after impressing on the club’s pre-season tour of the United States. Sportsmail understands that James, 20, is being monitored closely by FA scouts and could be part of Gareth Southgate’s squad to face Lithuania and Moldova in September if he maintains his remarkable progress. James, who grew up in Bacup in Lancashire, is yet to represent his country at youth level and a call-up by Southgate next month would cap a remarkable rise for the young left back. England ambitions: Reece James is in line for a call up to the England Under-21s squad . Showing promise: James looked good on United's tour of the States which has boosted his international hopes . Only two years ago, James’ career in English football looked to be under threat when he was released by Preston North End as an 18-year-old but the player was handed a lifeline by United’s reserve team manager Warren Joyce. The Reds had been aware of James for some time as his brother Matty James - who now plays for Leicester - was previously on their books. Over the last two seasons, the player’s development has encouraged United coaches. James made more appearances for the United second-string than any other player last season and he was nominated by Joyce for the club’s Denzil Haroun Reserves’ Player of the Year trophy. Big boys: James poses with Shinji Kagawa and Ashley Young in Denver as part of the club's US tour . Following the departures of Patrice Evra and Alex Buttner this summer, James was invited by Louis van Gaal to be part of the United squad in the USA and he has emerged as a viable understudy for Luke Shaw in the left-wing back position in the Dutchman’s favoured 3-5-2 system. The pair will also face competition from Ashley Young but James stated his case loud and clear in America, scoring twice against LA Galaxy and also impressing in the victory over Roma. England scouts are thought to have been impressed by how quickly James has adapted to life under Van Gaal at Old Trafford and his rapid progress could now result in the ultimate honour of representing his country. Familiar look: James could be turning out in the white of England after impressing under Van Gaal .
highlights: 20-year-old left back impressed on US tour under Louis van Gaal . He scored twice against LA Galaxy and looked good against Roma . Now Gareth Southgate could make him part of his squad . Under-21s face Lithuania and Moldova in September . James has shown himself as a credible back-up to Luke Shaw on the left .
id: c97fef666599c6d8815eda20959a93a0239ef064
chatgpt: James Black, the promising 20-year-old left back, has caught the attention of England manager Gareth Southgate after impressing during the recent US tour under the leadership of Louis van Gaal. After scoring twice against LA Galaxy and putting on a solid performance against Roma, James has proven himself as a credible back-up to established left back Luke Shaw. Southgate is now considering including the young player in his squad for the upcoming Under-21s matches against Lithuania and Moldova in September. Speaking to the media about James, the England manager said, "He's shown himself to be a very capable left back and I'm excited to see how he continues to develop. The U-21s squad could definitely benefit from having him on board." James, who currently plays for a mid-table Premier League team, said he was over the moon with the praise he had received from van Gaal and Southgate. "It's an absolute honor to have caught the attention of these two great managers," he said. "I'm going to work hard to make sure I continue to improve and hopefully I can make it into the first team squad one day." Van Gaal, who gave James his debut during the US tour, had nothing but praise for his young left back. "James has all the qualities you look for in a modern wing back," he said. "He's quick, positionally aware, and has a great delivery. I wouldn't hesitate to put him in the team if he was needed." James' debut ended up being a game to remember as he scored his first goal just a few minutes into the start of the match. He then put in an even better display against Roma a few days later, impressing both fans and pundits alike. It's clear that James has a bright future ahead of him in the game, and with the influential backing of two highly regarded managers, he could be on his way to making a name for himself and establishing himself as a big player in the world of football.