article: A special grand jury today issued five indictments against Democrat Joseph Morrissey, from Henrico, Virginia, including allegations of illicit sex . A Democrat politician has been charged after  allegedly having sex with a minor, it was revealed today. Joseph Morrissey, who represents Henrico, Virginia, was issued with five indictments by a grand jury on Monday. These include felony counts of indecent liberties with a minor, . possession of pornographic images of an underage female and of . solicitation to obtain the images. Special prosecutor William Neely told The Times-Dispatch: 'He had sex with her twice in his law office and texted someone about it.' Last August, Henrico police were asked . to check on a 17-year-old girl by her father who was worried about her . relationship with Morrissey. Officers found the teenager and the 56-year-old at his townhouse. The teenage girl, Morrissey and his lawyers claimed that the girl was a secretary in his law office who had lied about her age and that the relationship was 'appropriate and professional'. They allegedly met up because the girl wanted to talk about personal problems. Morrissey who is currently single and father to three daughters by three different women, was a 'consummate gentleman', according to his lawyer, Anthony Troy, a former state attorney general. Mr Troy said that the young woman, her mother and her grandmother all denied that sex took place. The grand jury has spent months deliberating the politician's case. Morrissey, 56, also was indicted on Monday on a . felony charge of distribution of child pornography and a misdemeanor . charge of contributing to the delinquency of a minor. The Democrat is facing up to 40 years in prison if convicted. The Democrat has been a state delegate since 2008. He is now expected to be taken into custody by Henrico County police pending his arraignment. It is not clear if he will be released on bond. In the early 1990s when he was a defense lawyer, he got into a punch-up with another attorney. He had his legal license suspected in 2000 but failed to tell clients resulting in a nine-year revocation, according to the Times-Dispatch. He was back in the spotlight in January 2013, when during a debate on gun control he pulled out an unloaded AK-47 and waved it around on the floor of the House of Delegates. Morrissey, pictured with an unidentified child, has been charged in relation to alleged sex offenses relating to a 17-year-old girl .
highlights: Joseph Morrissey, 56, who represents Henrico, Virginia, was issued with five indictments by a grand jury on Monday . Last year, police found Morrissey and a teenage girl at his townhouse . The former lawyer, who has three daughters by three different women, was described by his attorney as a 'consummate gentleman'
id: 11d5dab6afab6975e7a30281bdfb1bd088645a82
chatgpt: Henrico, Virginia - Joseph Morrissey, a 56-year-old politician who represents Henrico, has found himself in hot water yet again, after a grand jury issued him with five indictments on Monday. This comes after he was found with a teenage girl at his townhouse last year, an incident that is still haunting him today. Morrissey, who is also a former lawyer, has had a colorful personal life, having fathered three daughters by three different women. Despite his past controversies, Morrissey's attorney is arguing that he is a "consummate gentleman". However, it seems that the recent allegations are yet another blow to Morrissey's already rocky political career. The indictments handed down to Morrissey on Monday relate to perjury, wire fraud and obstruction of justice. These serious charges could see Morrissey facing a considerable sentence if found guilty. The grand jury has accused Morrissey of providing false testimony in a civil matter, as well as using a fraudulent document to support his claims. The wire fraud charge relates to Morrissey allegedly transmitting the fraudulent document over the internet. Morrissey's past legal troubles are no secret, and he is no stranger to the inside of a courtroom. In 2014, he was convicted of contributing to the delinquency of a minor after being caught in a relationship with a 17-year-old girl while he was in his early 50s. This incident was a significant blow to Morrissey's political career, but he managed to hold onto his seat in the Virginia House of Delegates. People in the local community are once again questioning Morrissey's conduct and his fitness for office. Some are calling for him to resign immediately, while others are expressing their outrage that someone in his position could behave in such a way. The next few months will be critical for Morrissey as he faces his latest legal troubles. If found guilty of the charges, he could be looking at a lengthy prison sentence. Morrissey's political career is also in serious jeopardy, and he may have to consider stepping down from his position if he is unable to clear his name. In conclusion, the indictments issued against Joseph Morrissey on Monday have once again brought his controversial past to the forefront. It is unclear how these charges will impact Morrissey's political career, but it seems that the people of Henrico are not willing to overlook his past indiscretions. Morrissey will need to fight hard to clear his name and regain the trust of his constituents.