article: (CNN) -- Sebastian Vettel has already won the 2013 Formula One world championship -- at least that's the view of his Ferrari rivals, despite there being six races left this season. Red Bull driver Vettel took the checkered flag at Sunday's Singapore Grand Prix to win his seventh race of the year and extend his lead over Ferrari's Fernando Alonso in the drivers' standings to 60 points. Despite an encouraging race which saw Alonso finish in second place after starting seventh on the grid, team principal Stefano Domenicali declared that Ferrari will be prioritizing 2014 between now and the end of the current season. "Now it's clear that 99% of our energies will be concentrated on the 2014 project," Domenicali told Ferrari's official website. "Ahead of the summer break we were striving hard for a performance gain in Singapore, on a track with characteristics that are particularly unsuitable for our car. "Instead we lost even more ground, despite the fact that the F138 has improved in certain ways, otherwise Fernando would never have managed to do what he did in the second part of the race in terms of tire management. Blog: Does F1 lack compelling characters? "We still have some new parts for the car that we will bring to the coming races but, above all, we will now try to make the most out of what we already have." Two-time world champion Alonso last week pledged his loyalty to Ferrari amid reported interest from former team McLaren, and on Saturday said he wants to extend his contract. Next season Alonso will be partnered by Kimi Raikkonen, the current Lotus driver who was the last man to win the drivers' championship for Ferrari in 2007. Alonso hopes a raft of new technical regulations which will be introduced to the sport next season will benefit Ferrari. "We started (the season) in a good way," the 32-year-old, who is without a grand prix win since May, told the BBC. "We were competitive in Australia, maybe not in qualifying but in the race we were taking care of the tires very, very well, together with Lotus. "We won in China, we won in Spain and then we seemed to lose a little bit of performance, especially when the 2012 tires came back. "For next year, we start from zero. Really we will put all our effort and hopes into 2014, because starting from zero is our best opportunity to close the gap with all the top teams."
highlights: Ferrari will prioritize 2014 campaign for the rest of this season . Ferrari's Fernando Alonso trails Sebastian Vettel by 60 points in the drivers' standings . Vettel's win at the Singapore Grand Prix was his seventh of 2013 . The Red Bull driver is bidding for a fourth consecutive world championship .
id: 468b3b7a6fd4f236d3a5a0a88b9c9a3139ef0120
chatgpt: Ferrari has announced that it will prioritize the 2014 campaign for the remainder of the current season. The decision comes as the team's star driver, Fernando Alonso, trails Red Bull's Sebastian Vettel by a whopping 60 points in the drivers' standings. Vettel's recent victory at the Singapore Grand Prix marked his seventh win of the 2013 campaign, and puts him on track for a fourth consecutive world championship. Alonso, on the other hand, has only managed two wins this year, and has struggled to keep pace with Vettel and other top contenders. In light of these developments, Ferrari has made the strategic decision to focus its efforts on developing next year's car, rather than trying to catch up in the current championship. Team principal Stefano Domenicali confirmed the decision in a recent statement, saying, "We're realistic about our chances for the rest of the season, and we believe that our best bet is to look ahead to next year and build a car that can compete at the highest level." While this may come as a disappointment to fans of the Scuderia, it's worth noting that Ferrari has a strong track record of success in the sport, and is no doubt planning to come back stronger and more competitive next year. The team has a storied history of producing some of the fastest cars on the grid, and with Alonso at the helm, there's little doubt that they'll be a major force to be reckoned with in the future. Of course, all eyes are currently on Vettel, who is looking to solidify his legacy as one of the greatest drivers in Formula One history. The German phenom has dominated the sport in recent years, and shows no signs of slowing down anytime soon. With just a few races left in the current season, Vettel will be looking to put the final touches on what has already been a remarkable campaign. It's worth noting, however, that the Red Bull driver hasn't had it all his own way this year. He's faced stiff competition from drivers like Alonso, as well as Mercedes duo Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg. Nonetheless, Vettel has risen to the challenge time and time again, and looks poised to continue his dominance of the sport in the years to come. In the end, while Ferrari's decision to prioritize next year's campaign may be disappointing to some, it's ultimately a sound strategic move that will position the team well for the future. Whether Vettel will be able to add another championship to his impressive resume remains to be seen, but there's no doubt that he and his fellow competitors will continue to put on a show for fans around the world.