article: By . Steve Doughty . PUBLISHED: . 15:36 EST, 13 March 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 19:57 EST, 13 March 2013 . The choice of a Pope from Latin America is a powerful symbol of the shift of influence in Roman Catholicism from the old to the new world. Jorge Mario Bergoglio is the third Pontiff in a row who is not from Italy and the first in more than a millennium from outside Europe. His election to the Papacy signals the importance of the burgeoning strength of the church in Latin America and in Africa, now home to a growing proportion of the world’s 1.2 billion Catholics. Balance of power: Newly elected Pope Francis I waves to the waiting crowd from the central balcony of St Peter's Basilica . The election of the first Jesuit to the Papacy also represents the triumph of the order founded nearly 500 years ago, which has for centuries concentrated on mission around the globe, and particularly in the Americas. It also points to the rising economic influence of Latin America where Brazil has joined the list of booming nations with fast-rising levels of wealth. Although Argentina lags behind in economic terms, the election of the new Pope Francis says that Latin America is no longer a sideshow in terms of world power. The election was greeted with joy in Buenos Aires where the shifting centre of gravity was taken as an occasion of deep national pride. Cardinal Bergoglio has European links to satisfy conservatives who would worry about the risks of too great a break with tradition. The child of Italian immigrants, from a country with deep Italian connections, he has a cultural background that will be familiar and comfortable for many in the Curia. Many will regard the choice of the new Pope as a compromise between the safety-first option of an Italian or European candidate and the radical departure that picking a Pontiff from the rising churches of Africa would have represented. A number of cardinals from the developing world, including Ghanaian Peter Turkson, had been mentioned as candidates. Cardinal Turkson fired the first shot in the battle to succeed Benedict XVI when he said ‘young churches’ of Africa and Asia were ready to provide worldwide leadership for Roman Catholicism. Cardinal Bergoglio (left giving a mass in Buenos Aires in 2009) has European links to satisfy conservatives.  Ghanaian Peter Turkson (right) had been among a number of cardinals from the developing world who had been mentioned as leading candidates . Celebrations: People celebrate at the Metropolitan Cathedral, in Buenos Aires, after Argentine cardinal Jorge Mario Bergoglio was elected as new Pope .
highlights: First Pope from outside Europe in more than a millenium . He is also the first Jesuit to be elected to the Papacy . Points to rising economic influence of Latin America .
id: b370b716000eee09d39e786ec3efd8962e076d8f
chatgpt: After a two-day conclave, the Catholic Church has announced its new leader, Pope Francis I. This choice marks a historic moment for the Church as the first pope from outside Europe to be elected in over a millennium, and the first Jesuit to ever hold the position. Born in Buenos Aires, Argentina, Pope Francis I's election points to the rising economic and political power of Latin America. He is the first non-European pope since Pope Gregory III, who passed away in 741 A.D. The electors of the conclave have chosen a pope who represents the fastest growing region of the Catholic Church, which has over one billion members worldwide. Jorge Mario Bergoglio, as he was known before taking the papal name Francis, was born in 1936 and was ordained as a Jesuit priest in 1969. He served as Archbishop of Buenos Aires from 1998 to 2013 and was elevated to the cardinalate in 2001. Bergoglio has long been known for his advocacy for social justice, including his commitment to serving the poor and vulnerable. Pope Francis I becomes the 266th leader of the Catholic Church, succeeding Pope Emeritus Benedict XVI, who resigned in February citing health reasons. The new pontiff faces a number of challenges as he takes the helm of the Church, including promoting unity and reforming the Vatican bureaucracy. In his first address to the crowds gathered in St. Peter's Square, Pope Francis I spoke of the need for the Church to be a "protector of creation" and to serve the poorest and most vulnerable members of society. He also asked the faithful to pray for him as he begins his ministry, saying "brothers and sisters, let us never give in to pessimism, to that bitterness that the devil offers us every day... let us not lose confidence, let us not allow ourselves to be discouraged." The global reaction to the election of Pope Francis I has been overwhelmingly positive, with leaders from around the world sending congratulations and messages of support. This election is seen as a significant moment for the Catholic Church, which has been marked in recent years by scandal and controversy. Commentators have noted that the rise of a non-European pope signals a shift in the balance of power within the Church, as well as a recognition of the importance of the Church's growing Latin American base. Pope Francis I's election marks a new chapter in the history of the Church, one that is sure to be closely watched in the years to come.