article: London (CNN) -- Four people, all journalists or former journalists for Britain's Mirror Group Newspapers, have been arrested on suspicion of conspiring to hack voice mails, police in London said Thursday. The investigation is mainly concerned with the Sunday Mirror newspaper and is focused on the period from 2003 to 2004. "This conspiracy is being treated as a separate conspiracy to the two being investigated at the now defunct News of the World newspaper," London's Metropolitan Police said. The News of the World was closed down in 2011 amid public uproar over the hacking of voice mails by employees of the tabloid, owned by the UK arm of Rupert Murdoch's News Corp. A number of people face criminal charges as a result of investigations into alleged wrongdoing at the News of the World. Trinity Mirror, the UK media giant which owns Mirror Group Newspapers, named two of those arrested Thursday as James Scott, the editor of The People and his deputy, Nick Buckley. "We understand that two former employees were also arrested this morning," a Trinity Mirror spokesman said. "The police are investigating allegations of phone hacking whilst they were on the Sunday Mirror during 2003 and 2004. We are cooperating with the police and we have no further comment to make at this stage." Police earlier said the four people arrested Thursday "on suspicion of conspiracy to intercept telephone communications" were three men in their 40s and a woman aged 47. They are being questioned at police stations in London, and a number of addresses are being searched, police said. Mirror Group Newspapers publishes the Daily Mirror, the Sunday Mirror and The People, as well as Scotland's Daily Record and Sunday Mail. Misconduct claim . In a separate development, a former Sussex police officer, James Bowes, was charged Thursday with misconduct in public office, UK prosecutors said. "It is alleged that in 2010 Mr. Bowes provided information to The Sun newspaper in breach of the terms of his employment and was paid £500," a Crown Prosecution Service statement said. The information related to three high-profile investigations being conducted by Sussex Police at the time, it said. He will appear in court later this month. Parallel investigations were set up into claims of voice mail hacking and alleged illegal payments to police and public officials in the wake of the furor over abuses by the News of the World.
highlights: NEW: Trinity Mirror names two of those arrested as editor and deputy editor of The People . NEW: "We are cooperating with the police and we have no further comment," says media firm . Police say the investigation is separate from a probe of News of the World . All four people arrested are current or former journalists at Mirror Group Newspapers .
id: 66293db150c6b6c557d100e3dd14ce86292b9054
chatgpt: Trinity Mirror, the parent company of Mirror Group Newspapers, is at the center of yet another media scandal as two of its top editors were arrested. The arrested individuals were named as the editor and deputy editor of The People, one of the company's flagship titles. While the police have not released any information on the reasons for the arrests, Mirror Group Newspapers has confirmed that it is cooperating in the investigation. In a statement, the company said, "We are cooperating with the police and we have no further comment." The arrests come as part of a wider investigation into illegal practices within the media industry. However, police have been quick to point out that this investigation is separate from the ongoing probe into News of the World. All four individuals arrested are current or former journalists at Mirror Group Newspapers, and it is believed that the police are examining allegations of phone hacking and other illegal activities. This is not the first time that Trinity Mirror has been under scrutiny for its practices. In 2014, former Mirror Group Newspapers journalists were convicted of phone hacking, and the company was forced to pay out millions of pounds in compensation to victims. The latest arrests throw into question the practices of one of the UK's largest media companies and serve as a reminder of the ongoing need for transparency and accountability within the press. Media companies have long been accused of putting profits before ethics, and these arrests serve as a warning to other companies that they will be held accountable for any illegal practices. It is unclear what impact the arrests will have on Trinity Mirror's operations, but it is likely that the company will come under further scrutiny as the police investigation continues. The media industry is already under significant pressure from regulators and the public to improve transparency and ethics, and these arrests will only serve to intensify that pressure. The ongoing investigations into the media industry serve as a reminder that no company is above the law, and that the public has the right to expect ethical behavior from the press. The hope is that these investigations will lead to improvements in the industry and restore public trust in the media.