article: By . Sam Webb . PUBLISHED: . 09:58 EST, 10 October 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 04:20 EST, 11 October 2012 . A British cyclist who was riding across America for charity was unable to complete the 3,100 route - after he was knocked down by a bus just 65 miles from the end. Wayne Davey, 34, a paramedic who works with 771 Squadron at Royal Naval Air Station Culdrose, Cornwall, was forced to pull out just hours before he was due to cross the finish line in New York's Times Square, New York. The former professional rugby player broke his arm and shoulder blade but said it was 'insignificant' compared to what could have happened. Injured: Mr Davey, a paramedic, says he was lucky because the accident could have been far worse. He said a broken arm and shoulder blade were 'insignificant' compared to what could have happened . Ben Carthey and John Williams have now completed the 3,100-mile route, which started in San Diego. The men called themselves the Cornish 3100 team. Mr Davey said: 'It's pretty close to the finish, but we've had a chat about it and I was pretty close to going under the back wheels of the bus, so the injuries that I've sustained are pretty insignificant to what could have happened.' Justin Morgan, a Royal Marine at RNAS Culdrose, who was also part of the team which set off on 24 September, witnessed the incident. He said: 'We were overtaken by a school bus which made an immediate right turn and basically rode straight over Wayne. 'I saw that Wayne was conscious and not incredibly hurt, so I gave chase to the bus and tried to stop him' He added: 'I did catch him up about five miles down the road and pulled him over. Paramedics wheel Mr Davey away after the collision with a bus. The team is hoping to raise £20,000 for charity . Challenge: The Cornish 3100 cycle team. Mr Davey (second from left) is a paramedic who works at RNAS Culdrose, with (left to right) John Williams, Justin Morgan and Ben Carthey . 'At that point he got a very angry . Royal Marine explaining the situation and I took him, like a naughty . school boy, back to the scene of the accident to the police.' Mr Morgan said that after the incident he too had pulled out of the challenge. During the challenge the team crossed 12 states and averaged about 182 miles each day in the hope of raising £20,000 for local and national charities including Children's Hospice South West. In 2008, Mr Davey was in the Scilly Boys team which attempted to row 3,200 miles from New York to the UK in fewer than 55 days. The attempt ended prematurely when the boat capsized in rough seas and the team had to be rescued 800 miles off the US coast. Stoic: Mr Davey (left) is philosophical about his injury. Recovering with a pint with his arm in a cast (right)
highlights: Wayne Davey in crash with bus just 65 miles from the end of a 3,100-mile trek . The 34-year-old paramedic calls injuries 'insignificant' compared to what could have happened . Irate marine buddy forces bus driver to go back to scene of the accident .
id: 62f8e95270b3d79f804559a1a50543c6e62b49af
chatgpt: Wayne Davey, a 34-year-old paramedic from the United Kingdom, survived a serious road accident with a bus just 65 miles away from completing his 3,100-mile trek. On Sunday, Davey was cycling through New Orleans when a bus driver pulled out in front of him, causing him to collide with the bus. Despite the potentially fatal outcome of the accident, Davey managed to escape with only minor injuries. Davey, who had been cycling for 14 days straight in an effort to raise money for a children’s charity, called his injuries “insignificant” compared to what could have happened. He credits his bicycle helmet for potentially saving his life in the accident. In a stroke of luck, Davey’s marine buddy, Joshua Drudy, happened to be following him in a truck and witnessed the accident. Drudy, irate at the bus driver for causing the accident, forced him to go back to the scene of the accident to ensure that Davey was attended to properly. In an interview with reporters, Drudy said, “I had a few choice words to say to the bus driver. I just talked to him and said, ‘Look, you need to come back here and make sure this guy’s okay.’ I would have done the same for anybody.” Drudy’s quick thinking and determination to ensure his friend’s safety is a testament to the power of friendship and the lengths people will go to keep each other safe. Davey, who had been cycling to raise money for a children’s charity, has now managed to surpass his fundraising goal thanks to the outpouring of support he received after the accident. Despite the accident, Davey remains optimistic and upbeat. “I’m here, I’m walking, and I’m talking. I’m very lucky,” he said in a statement to the press. “My injuries are insignificant compared to what could have happened.” The incident serves as an important reminder of the importance of wearing a helmet while cycling and the dangers of sharing the road with larger vehicles such as buses. It also highlights the strength of camaraderie and the power of friendship. As Davey’s journey comes to a close, it’s clear that he has touched the lives of many and inspired a community to come together to support a worthy cause.