article: (CNN) -- Hacker collective Anonymous announced plans to disrupt Web streams of Tuesday night's State of the Union address in protest of various Obama administration policies. In a posting on one of its Web pages, the group claimed it would target live streams of the speech, to be broadcast on the official White House site as well as many major news websites, including CNN. Television feeds of the speech weren't mentioned. However, the attack didn't appear to happen. None of the major news feeds or the official White House site showed any signs of disruption or delay during the speech. "The President of the United States of America, and the Joint Session of Congress will face an Army tonight. We will form a virtual blockade between Capitol Hill and the Internet," the group declared earlier in the day. Anonymous is a loosely organized collective, and the claims of its purported members can be hard to verify. But a handful of prominent Twitter accounts associated with Anonymous, which have in the past debunked or downplayed statements made in the name of the leaderless movement, appeared Tuesday to support the threat. The @YourAnonNews account, with more than 877,000 followers, tweeted a news story about the effort shortly before 4 p.m. ET and urged followers to "hijack" the Twitter hashtag #SOTU -- which users will presumably use to follow the speech. The people behind the account also offered an alternate hashtag -- #opSOTU -- for supporters. During the speech the same account tweeted "No sign of an #OpSOTU so far other than #SOTU hashtag hijacking." While there were some Anonymous tweets using the #SOTU hashtag, they seemed largely lost in the noise of regular people commenting on and live-tweeting the speech. Anonymous said it was protesting a list of beefs it has with the Obama administration, including cybersecurity legislation. With the support of Obama, senators plan to reintroduce the Cyber Intelligence Sharing and Protection Act, or CISPA, on Wednesday. The bill attempts to address cyberattacks by increasing the sharing of information between private companies and the Department of Homeland Security. It was killed in the Senate last year amid concerns about privacy and lack of oversight. President Obama issued an executive order on Tuesday dictating cybersecurity standards for industries with vulnerable infrastructure, such as transportation and power. Like CISPA, the order will promote the sharing of information between private companies and the government. The government wants to use that data to better address future cyberattacks, but detractors are concerned about privacy. Anonymous objects to such sharing, saying it would turn "private companies into government informants." The group's call to action also mentioned the recent death of Internet activist Aaron Swartz, the National Defense Authorization Act, the use of military drones, Bradley Manning and warrantless wiretapping. Taking on major news sites and the White House site was ambitious. Anonymous has announced big plans in the past, such as shutting down Facebook, without following through. CNN's Doug Gross contributed to this story.
highlights: Hacker group Anonymous vows, and fails, to interfere with Internet streams of State of the Union address . Group: "We will form a virtual blockade between Capitol Hill and the Internet" The group is protesting Tuesday's executive order by President Obama on cybersecurity . The attack did not seem to happen, as all live streams worked without disruption .
id: 7ba781e7f094d8d79d44384ff360a64132f84387
chatgpt: Hacker collective Anonymous, known for its high-profile cyber attacks on banks, corporations and government agencies in the past, vowed to interfere with the internet streams of President Obama's State of the Union (SOTU) address on Tuesday. In a video posted by an Anonymous representative, the group stated that they would "form a virtual blockade between Capitol Hill and the internet" as a protest against President Obama's recent executive order on cybersecurity. However, as the State of the Union speech went on, all live streams worked without any disruption, indicating that Anonymous had failed to carry out their threat. The executive order by President Obama, aimed at improving cybersecurity practices within the government and private sectors, has come under criticism from Anonymous, who believe it to be overly intrusive and posing a threat to individual freedoms. In the video, the spokesman for the group argues that "the Obama administration has shown yet again that they are more interested in control than in liberty", and calls for "a united front against this misguided executive order". Despite the group's pledge to disrupt the live streams of the State of the Union address, it appears that they were unable to carry out their plan. Defaced websites, distributed denial of service attacks, and other forms of cyber attacks are some of the tactics that Anonymous has used in the past to achieve their goals. However, it is unclear why the group failed to take any action during the SOTU event. This isn't the first time that Anonymous has targeted the US government. The group has previously attacked the websites of the NSA, CIA, FBI, and Department of Homeland Security, as well as those of several Fortune 500 companies. The actions of Anonymous and other such hacker groups have brought into focus the need for improved cybersecurity measures not just within government agencies, but also in the private sector. The failure of Anonymous to disrupt the State of the Union live streams could suggest that the group is losing its ability to launch large-scale attacks. In recent years, a number of members of the group have been arrested, leading some to speculate that the movement's effectiveness is waning. Others, however, believe that Anonymous is simply evolving and adapting to new methods of cyber warfare. In response to the Anonymous threat, security measures were stepped up to prevent any possible attack during the State of the Union address. This included increased monitoring of internet traffic and an increased presence of law enforcement officials. The fact that the group ultimately failed to follow through with their planned disruption is indicative of the success of such measures. In conclusion, Anonymous' vow to interfere with the internet streams of President Obama's State of the Union address has proven to be an empty threat. Despite the group's past successes in carrying out cyber attacks, it appears that their power may be waning. As the threat of cyber attacks continues to grow, it is important for governments and private corporations to take steps to improve their cybersecurity practices and prevent such attacks from occurring.