article: If you thought Tesla's cars were the most innovative electric vehicles around, think again. Aircraft maker Airbus Group NV is learning from carmakers as it works on developing a small plane powered by hybrid electric engines that could represent its first move into the market for regional jets. The development of a regional plane, seating between 70 and 90 people, that can take off and land using electric power could take between 15 and 20 years, Airbus Group Chief Technology Officer Jean Botti told reporters in Munich. The E-Fan prototype electric aircraft, a 31.2-foot (9.5 metres) wingspan plane that Airbus is touting as the precursor to hybrid passenger aircraft, makes a demonstration flight above Merignac airport, France . Airbus, which with Boeing dominates the market for passenger jets, presently makes planes that seat more than 150 people. They are already working on an all-electric two-seater plane called the E-Fan, powered by two electric motors with a combined output of 60 kilowatts, hoping this technology will serve as a step to bringing electric motors on to larger aircraft. The E-Fan uses a pair of motors with ducted fans powered by a battery. It has a wingspan of 31.2 feet (9.5 metres) and weighs 1,212 pounds (550 kilograms) It can fly for about half an hour at 110 miles (177 kilometres) per hour. One . of the main landing gear wheels has a small electric motor that can . propel the airplane up to 35 miles (55 km) per hour to maximise flight . time. The two-seater, which Airbus says is suited for short missions such as pilot training and aerobatics, can run on its lithium-ion polymer batteries for half an hour, with the aim to get it up to an hour. The batteries are tricky, though, Botti says: 'They're causing us a lot of headaches.' Botti, who was part of a team developing battery-powered cars at General Motors Co more than 20 years ago, said Airbus was looking at electric cars in order to learn from them. But he declined to comment on how much the group was investing in hybrid and electric technologies. A pilot sits inside the EADS model of the E-Fan 2.0 prototype electric aircraft during a presentation at the Merignac airport. The E-Fan is a technology demonstrator of a fully electrically-powered, all-composite aircraft . Thumbs up: French Economy and Industry Minister Arnaud Montebourg (right) and test pilot Didier Esteyne (left)show their pride after a demonstration flight of E-Fan . The two-seater E-Fan will be built at Bordeaux in southwest France and production could start at the end of 2017. Botti said he would like to see a prototype for a regional jet in 2030. The 31.2-foot (9.5 metres) wingspan E-Fan prototype electric aircraft made a demonstration flight above Merignac airport, southwestern France, on April 25, 2014. The plane results from an association between Aero Composite Saintonge (ACS) industry and European multinational aerospace and defence giant Airbus Group.
highlights: Airbus has unveiled their all-electric E-Fan 2.0 protoype electric aircraft . The aircraft's duct fans are powered by an electric motor and battery . It can fly for about half an hour and reach speeds of 110 mph . The tech could serve as a step to putting electric motors on larger planes . Airbus is planning to fly regional planes with hybrid engines by 2030 .
id: b0670aff6db2f467aff670024ddb82e29b72d4c7
chatgpt: Airbus, the European aviation giant has taken a bold step towards making electric planes a reality with the unveiling of their all-electric E-Fan 2.0 prototype electric aircraft. The company has long been working towards reducing the environmental impact of air travel, and with the E-Fan 2.0, they've made significant progress in achieving that goal. The E-Fan 2.0 is an all-electric airplane designed and constructed by Airbus, powered by a pair of electric ducted fans. The fans are powered by an electric motor and battery, which allows the aircraft to fly for approximately half an hour and reach speeds of up to 110 mph. It has a range of about 60 miles, enough for a training aircraft to be used for local short-duration flights. While the E-Fan 2.0 is a small, lightweight aircraft by aviation standards, it represents a significant milestone in the development of electric aircraft technology. It demonstrates the feasibility of using electric motors to power smaller aircraft, and paves the way for the technology to be scaled up for use in larger planes in the future. According to Airbus CEO, Tom Enders, the technology demonstrated in the E-Fan 2.0 could serve as a step towards putting electric motors on larger planes. "This aircraft is a game-changer for what we're trying to accomplish in the aviation industry," he said. "There's a clear roadmap to what we can do next, and we're confident that we can achieve our goal of flying regional planes with hybrid engines by 2030." Electric planes are seen as a potential solution to the pollution and carbon emissions associated with air travel, and represent a significant opportunity for the aviation industry to reduce its environmental impact. The E-Fan 2.0 is a key part of Airbus's strategy to be at the forefront of electric aircraft technology, and reflects the company's commitment to sustainable aviation. The E-Fan 2.0 also represents a significant achievement for Airbus's engineering team, who have overcome numerous technical challenges in the development of the aircraft. The design had to be optimized both aerodynamically and structurally, while the electric motors and battery systems required significant innovation. Despite the challenges, the team succeeded in creating an aircraft that is not only environmentally friendly, but also safe and effective in flight. The E-Fan 2.0 has already undergone extensive testing, and has received positive feedback from pilots who have flown it. Airbus's investment in electric aircraft technology reflects a wider trend towards sustainability in aviation. Airlines and aviation companies all over the world are looking for ways to reduce their environmental impact, and many are turning to electric aircraft as a potential solution. Overall, the unveiling of the E-Fan 2.0 marks a significant milestone in the development of electric aircraft technology, and represents an important step towards sustainable aviation. As Airbus continues to work towards their goal of flying regional planes with hybrid engines by 2030, the future of sustainable air travel looks brighter than ever.