article: Beijing, China (CNN) -- The world economy is placing a bet on its future with China, but some Chinese are placing bets on their future with plastic. In rebalancing the world economy, analysts have said U.S. citizens should take cues from the Chinese, where 40 cents of every dollar of disposable income is saved, compared to 3 cents of every dollar in the U.S. But there are worrying signs in China that some young consumers are starting to emulate the worst habits of U.S. consumers -- like 27-year-old Yuan Shuai in Beijing, whose credit card bets on his future have turned into overwhelming debts. In the last two years, he got seven cards from seven banks and wracked up $29,000 in debts. "I spent money on eating and having fun," he said. "That's all." Unemployed and studying to be a taxi driver, Yuan now has debt collectors from banks turning to his father, Yuan Yizhong, for bill payment. "The banks told me they could lend to him because he's an adult," his father says. "Now they hold me responsible and threatened me." With no laws for bankruptcy protection in China, those threats can be real. "If you cannot pay it back you either have to go to parents or friends to pay back for you, or you got to jail," said Yeongwen Chiang, a consumer expert. Credit card issuance is up 32 percent in China in the past year, according to China Market Research and the National Bureau of Statistics. Credit card debt is up more than 130 percent to $838 million. That still pales compared to U.S. credit card debt, but the quick rise have some observers alarmed. With the decrease in exports during financial crisis, China has been working to build domestic consumption, offering subsidies on cars, home appliances and other big ticket items. That has helped China to continue to grow through the recession. During the October holiday week celebrating the 60th anniversary of the People's Republic of China, Chinese poured $83 billion into the economy - a 20 percent increase in spending from the same holiday period last year. By comparison, retail spending in the United States fell 6 percent in September compared to the same time last year. But some of the increased spending in China is with money the consumers didn't have. In the first six months of this year, the number of Chinese consumer with credit card debts more than two months overdue rose 133 percent. For the Yuan family, credit card debt will take years to pay back. "I have only one son, and he failed to live up to my expectations," Yuan's father said. CNN's Emily Chang, Fareed Zakaria and Kevin Voigt contributed to this report .
highlights: Although Chinese credit card debt is far behind the U.S., it's beginning to mount . New credit cards jumped 32 percent the past year . Chinese card debts more than two months overdue rose 133 percent this year .
id: 70631132344572094530cae21841f9e27dfa15a7
chatgpt: The credit card debt in China may still be far behind the United States, but the country appears to be heading to a similar trajectory. In the past year, new credit cards jumped by 32 percent, which is a clear indication that Chinese citizens are experiencing improved access to credit facilities. However, this surge in credit card usage may be putting a considerable number of people in debt. According to recent statistics by People's Bank of China (PBC), the number of Chinese credit card debts that are overdue by more than two months increased by 133 percent this year. This implies that individuals are finding it hard to meet their obligations, leading to increased numbers of unpaid credit card bills. This mounting credit card debt is a reflection of a growing trend among Chinese citizens, who now have access to credit cards like never before. One major factor that is driving this trend is the government's push to increase credit availability for its citizens. The Chinese government sees credit card usage as a way of boosting consumer spending and bolstering the economy. In recent years, the government has introduced a number of measures to expand the country's credit card market, including lowering requirements for obtaining a credit card. Despite these initiatives, there are concerns that increased access to credit facilities may lead to over-indebtedness. According to a report by the International Monetary Fund (IMF), the level of household indebtedness in China has been growing rapidly in recent years, with the ratio of household debt to disposable income reaching 92 percent in 2019. While the credit card debt in China may still lag behind that of the United States, the increasing rate of indebtedness is a cause for concern. Chinese authorities need to be cautious of the risks posed by a rapidly increasing credit facility. If credit card usage continues to rise at these rates, then it may lead to a surge in bad loans, which could adversely impact Chinese banks and the wider economy. Furthermore, Chinese citizens also need to be aware of the risks of taking on too much debt. Managing debt can be difficult, and it requires individuals to be aware of the potential risks and consequences of not being able to meet their repayment obligations. As such, individuals need to exercise caution when obtaining credit facilities and establish responsible borrowing practices. In conclusion, the Chinese credit card market is growing at an unprecedented rate, with more and more people accessing credit facilities. However, the country needs to tread cautiously to avoid the risks of over-indebtedness, which could lead to a financial crisis. It is critical for both financial institutions and consumers to exercise caution to ensure that they do not take on more debt than they can handle in the long run.