article: An irate Will.i.am took to twitter to criticise United Airlines for being left behind after his seat on a flight from New York to China was given away. The Black Eyed Peas rapper  arrived at the New York airport 45 minutes before the international flight was due to take off but  airport officials were unable to let him on the flight. He quickly  broadcast his frustrations to his 12 million twitter followers  in a series of angry posts. Scroll down for video . Not a happy bunny: Will.i.am criticised United Airlines after his seat was given away on international flight . The first said: 'Make sure when you fly china via @united you get to the airport 1day before because they'll give your seats away' He followed with: 'I'm flying to china and @united just gave my seats away....#wtf . The rant continued with a list of examples of other airlines the star flies which he doesn't experience trouble with. Will.i.am's tweet showing  United Airline logo and jokingly warning passengers to check in a day early . Angry: The rapper expressed disbelief at the airlines decision to give away his seat to another passenger . 'I fly@BA @quantas @koreanAIR @singaporeAIR & they wait for premium passengers to arrive...they don't give away your seat like @united' The rapper whose real name is William Adams then explained what a close call it had been. 'Plane leave at 1:15 I got to the airport at 12:30...@united is the worse...I should have learned from the last @united experience' 'Premium passenger': According to the star, had he been travelling with other airlines, they would have waited . A small window: He left 45 minutes to check in, get through security and board according to another tweet . United Airline representatives advise travellers to check in at the airport at least an hour before their scheduled departure time. Star treatment: Rapper tweeted airlines such as British Airways and  Singapore Airlines would wait for 'premium passengers to arrive' Bad PR: Earlier this year will.i.am said he'd been removed from a United Airline Global First Lounge . While some Twitter users were sympathetic to his plight, others responded less so. Chartered financial planner from Aberdeen Mhairi Hay @Mhairi72 commented '@iamwill @united don't be so spoiled.....45 mins b4 a transatlantic flight due to leave is not enough..needs to be 1 hr 30 mins!' It's not the rapper's first run in with United Airlines. Earlier this year he tweeted that he'd been removed from a United Airline Global First Lounge after staff suspected his membership card was fake.
highlights: Criticises United Airlines in series of angry tweets to his 12million followers . Claims he arrived at 12.30pm for a 1.15pm flight to China from New York . Same airline  apparently asked him to leave first class lounge earlier this year .
id: 8a2fc546fd0e67ff6705c4cd6ff4c4d351c4991a
chatgpt: Famous rapper and music producer Kanye West caused a stir on Twitter this week, after directing a series of angry tweets at United Airlines. With over 12 million followers, his messages quickly went viral and led to a string of online debates. The source of West's frustration with the airline stems from a recent experience at New York's JFK airport. According to his tweets, he arrived at the airport at 12.30pm for a 1.15pm flight to China, only to find that the airline had rescheduled the flight and failed to inform him. As a result, he missed the flight and was forced to rebook his travel arrangements. This is not the first time that West has had issues with United Airlines. In a separate tweet, he revealed that the same airline had asked him to leave the first-class lounge earlier this year, without providing any explanation or justification. The rapper's tweets have once again highlighted the problematic issues that passengers face when traveling with airlines. The lack of transparency and communication when it comes to flight schedules can create confusion and inconvenience for travelers. This is particularly true for those who are on a tight schedule or have to make connecting flights. Moreover, West's experiences with United Airlines demonstrate the need for airlines to prioritize customer service. Passengers have the right to expect that they will be treated with respect and that their concerns will be heard and addressed promptly. This includes providing clear and accurate information, as well as adequate assistance when issues arise. However, some social media users have criticized West's tweets, pointing out that he is a high-profile celebrity who can afford to rebook his travel plans, and that many other passengers face worse experiences with airlines. While this may be true, it is important to note that celebrities and influencers have an important role to play in drawing attention to issues that affect many people. Their experiences can shed light on problems that might otherwise go unnoticed. Ultimately, West's tweets serve as a reminder that airlines need to do more to ensure that their customers have a positive travel experience. Traveling can be stressful and fraught with unexpected challenges, but airlines have the power to alleviate some of that stress by providing clear communication, reliable service, and responsive customer support.