article: By . Ryan Gorman . PUBLISHED: . 18:35 EST, 17 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 14:01 EST, 18 December 2013 . Facebook’s long-rumored autoplay ads are now a reality. The social network announced Tuesday that it will begin rolling out its own version of the boorish video ads this week to a small number of users who might not mind them as much as they think. The launch comes only one day after a report suggesting such ads were imminent as Facebook looks to make inroads into the upwards of $66billion spent on television advertising this year. Scroll down for video . They're coming!: The autoplay ads as they appear on a mobile device . Facebook has taken a number of steps to try to mitigate the certain backlash from users, but not everyone seems to agree the site has done enough to make them less-intrusive than if they did not play automatically. They will play the second they appear on a user’s screen, but will have no sound unless tapped or clicked on – solving one of the major complaints more internet surfers have about auto-play ads. The ads also will not autoplay on mobile devices unless they are connected to WiFi, which will limit the hit people take to their data plans. The catch to the ads not playing unless mobile devices are connected to WiFi is that the Facebook app will download them – which will eat further into precious storage space already consumed by music, photos and apps. Once the video ad is finished playing, a carousel giving people the option of viewing more video ads will appear. The first advertiser taking advantage of the new platform is Lions Gate Entertainment – with an ad for the film ‘Divergent’ that was made specifically for Facebook. These features don’t appear to be set in stone, as Facebook said the ads are open for further tweaking during this ‘intial, limited test.’ ‘We’ll continue to refine this new way for brands to tell stories on Facebook to ensure the best experience for people and marketers.’ More choices: A carousel with three more ads appears after the initial ad finishes playing . Despite the rollout not yet being site-wide, the backlash has already begun. ‘This feature does NOT improve my experience on Facebook, and actually it makes my experience worse than before,’ wrote one user. ‘Please provide a way to TURN OFF auto-play for those of us who do not want it!’ Another person pleaded. The announcement came only one day after the Wall Street Journal reported the ads’ launch would happen later this week. The Journal originally reported over the summer the ads were imminent, Facebook delayed the launch ‘fearing ads could annoy users.’ Facebook’s foray into autoplay video ads comes only one month after Instagram – which is owned by Facebook – launched video ads of its own.
highlights: The ads are currently in a limited beta . Sound will not play unless they are clicked or tapped on . They will not play on mobile devices unless they are connected to WiFi .
id: 99e6390416b599408b817ed103b4e1431957d8ca
chatgpt: Facebook's latest endeavour, in the form of a limited beta of auto-playing, view-to-activate video advertisements, was launched last week. These ads are now available on the Facebook platform to selected beta testers. However, Facebook is not taking chances with their new technology as these ads will only play if they are clicked or tapped on. The ads are unique in that unlike their usual format, they come with sound. But only if they are clicked or tapped, will users get to hear the audio. While this goes against Facebook's stance on auto-playing videos, it seems like the company is trying to make a move in the direction of monetizing video. By allowing ad formats that cater to sound, they are creating space for advertisements that would otherwise be inefficient if sound was eliminated. It is worth noting that Facebook has taken measures to prevent any unwanted loud noises from playing out in public, as that would be a nuisance for users. As a result, sound will not play unless the video has been clicked or tapped on. This is a smart move by the company as it maintains a level of control over the presentation of these ads.  Another interesting aspect of these auto-playing ads is that they will only play on desktop and laptop computers, and only on devices that are connected to WiFi. It seems that Facebook views WiFi as the safer choice with regards to these types of ads. As mobile devices often have various limitations to data (including price and speed), which could hinder the possibility of ads reaching their intended target. One can't deny the potential these types of ads have for brands, especially since Facebook is home to endless amounts of user data, allowing for targeted advertising. This, coupled with view-to-activate advertising is a potent combination. Research has shown that ads with sound are much more memorable in comparison to their silent counterparts. By allowing users to engage with the ad before hearing sound, Facebook is increasing the chances of the ad being remembered by the user. There is no denying that there is a lot of risk involved with this type of advertising. But if executed well, it could potentially change the way advertisers approach Facebook. Facebook has already taken a cautious approach, allowing only a select group of beta testers to try out the new ad format. Although this strategy might limit the size of their audience, it ensures that Facebook can test the waters before releasing the ad format to a larger audience. While Facebook's latest venture may come across as invasive to some, it's important to note that the company is trying to balance their business aims with users' interests. While the idea of auto-playing ads might seem like an annoyance, it is important to remember the huge amounts of content and data that Facebook is processing on a daily basis. This is an opportunity for advertisers to target their audiences in a more efficient way, while also adding a new dimension of engagement to the platform for users.