article: (CNN) -- Call it a self-fulfilling prophecy: An estimated three-fourths of gas stations in the Nashville, Tennessee, area ran dry Friday, victim of an apparent rumor that the city was running out of gas. "Everybody has just gone nuts," said Mike Williams, executive director of the Tennessee Petroleum Council. He said he has no idea about the origin of a rumor that there was going to be no gas in Nashville. One reporter called him, saying she had heard that Nashville would be without gas within the hour, he said. Hearing the rumor, drivers rushed to fill their cars and trucks. CNN called 13 Nashville gas stations at random. Only two reported having gas, and one said it was almost out. The stations said they were being told they would not get more until Monday or Tuesday. iReport.com: Nashville residents desperate for fuel . Katie Givens Kime, visiting from Atlanta, Georgia, was trying to fill up her tank for the trip home when she ran into trouble -- when she was already low on gas. "We panicked and looked online," she said. "And holy cow, there is no gas in the city. ... It has definitely gripped the city, for sure." One store clerk told her there was no way she could get gas to go back home, she said. Williams said some drivers were following gas trucks to see where they were headed, and lines at some stations were a mile long. Fuel was continuing to enter the city, however, as pipelines were working and barges were coming in. He likened it to Southerners rushing out to stock up on bread and milk when they hear it might snow. As stations began running low, the situation snowballed, he said. One station reported selling as much gas Friday as it usually does in a weekend, Williams said. The phenomenon seemed to be isolated to the Nashville area, he said. iReport.com: Is there a gas panic in your area? Givens Kime said she found a station online that still had gas and waited more than an hour to pump it. "People were freaked out," she said. A "renegade bunch" of men helped direct traffic to and from the pumps, even taking drivers' cash inside for them. She described people filling cans and other containers as well as cars. She said that the station was not engaging in price gouging but that "emotions were running very high" among drivers. CNN's Gary Bender contributed to this report.
highlights: Nobody knows origin of rumor that Nashville was running out of gas . Of 13 Nashville gas stations called at random, only two said they had gas . Residents panicked and hit gas stations to fuel up . People were filling up containers, cans, with some waiting an hour for gas .
id: dc20d322e0339e3140e509d419b48f386cdc82f6
chatgpt: As Nashville residents panicked over rumors that the city was running out of gasoline, 13 gas stations were randomly contacted to verify the claims. Of those stations, only two confirmed that their supply was dwindling. The origin of the rumor is unknown, but it sparked a frenzy among drivers to fuel up their vehicles, with some even waiting in lines for over an hour to fill up. The situation began early in the morning when multiple social media posts circulated about a possible gasoline shortage in Nashville. The posts, which could not be traced to any official sources, claimed that gas stations were running low on fuel and were limiting customers to smaller purchases in order to ration the remaining supply. While multiple government agencies quickly dismissed the rumors as false, many residents were already in a state of panic. Cars flooded the streets as drivers tried to fill up their tanks, with some gas stations experiencing lines stretching for blocks. Even more concerning was the number of people filling up containers and cans with gasoline, a dangerous practice that can lead to spills, fires or worse. Fire departments and other emergency personnel expressed concern over the potential for accidents as a result of this behavior. Despite government reassurances that there was no need to panic, residents continued to flock to gas stations all throughout the day. Some were forced to go from one station to another, only to find that they were sold out or had long lines. Fortunately, as the day went on, gas stations were able to refill their supplies and the situation began to calm down. Officials pointed out that there had been no official evacuation order issued, and that the rush on gasoline was entirely driven by unfounded rumors. This incident serves as a cautionary tale about the power of social media to spread misinformation and incite panic, especially in times of crisis. The origins of the rumors that led to yesterday’s rush on gas are still unknown, but the consequences were very real, reminding us all to be skeptical of any information that cannot be verified and communicated through official channels.