article: He can't even walk yet but Prince George took a momentous step on Monday in what's set to be a lifetime of royal duties. When he arrived in Wellington, New Zealand, he was carried off the plane by his ever-glamorous mother and greeted by a long a line of dignitaries, including Prime Minister John Key. This was Prince George's first official public engagement and he wasn't in the slightest bit fazed by it, despite the epic journey from London. He was perfectly happy, a natural. This is a family not just born into monarchy, but made for it. And if things carry on like this for the rest of their visit Down Under, the Republican movements in both New Zealand and Australia may have some catching up to do. I was huddled on the runway in a nest of royal photographers who had traveled half way around the world to secure a picture that will be guaranteed a place in history. The weather was dreadful -- windy, wet and cold. Brits are used to that of course, so it wasn't a problem for anyone apart from the photographers who were struggling to prevent history being blurred by the condensation on their lenses. Opinion: New Zealand prepares to go ga-ga over blue-blooded baby . In the background I spotted George's new Nanny, Spanish-born Maria Teresa Turrion Borallo, in what was her first official appearance as well. It must have been a moment of reality for her about what she has taken on. The dresser was struggling to juggle hat boxes and dresses in the wind, and there was the hairdresser and eight other members of the royal entourage who are accompanying sizable support teams in each location on the trip. The ground teams have been organizing logistics, not just for public events but also behind the scenes. A royal source told me they have been speaking to the local authorities about "all aspects of the tour, which you'll imagine includes the requirements for Prince George and how to accommodate a baby on a royal tour." As an experienced baby-traveler, I would assume that means everything from cots to nappies to those all-important blackout curtains. There's also the car seat of course, and that's been a big talking point here. It was fitted by New Zealand's national childcare advisory, Plunkett. The problem is, they fitted a forward-facing one when their guidelines tell parents to use rear-facing seats until the age of two. The fact it's even a talking point illustrates the level of public interest there is in the trip. This may be a lot of fuss about a baby, and he has no idea what's going on. But when he does realize, Prince George will look back at these pictures and know that this is where it all officially began.
highlights: Prince George arrives in New Zealand for his first public engagement . Photographers battle dreadful weather to capture the historic moment . His sizable entourage includes a new nanny, dresser, and hairdresser .
id: 910f01330caaf47f468fc33eb4687b204850fc94
chatgpt: The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have brought their eldest son, Prince George, to New Zealand for his first ever official engagement - and it seems the young prince is already causing quite a stir. Photographers from all around the world have been battling dreadful weather in order to capture the historic moment. Despite the wet and blustery conditions, Prince George's arrival was one of the most eagerly anticipated events of the year for residents of the small island nation. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge arrived in Wellington with their adorable son to much fanfare and excitement. Prince George was dressed in a smart white shirt, navy shorts, and his trademark knee-high socks. With his cherubic face and huge smile, it's no wonder that the young prince has become an instant crowd-pleaser. But it's not just Prince George who has everyone talking. The royal entourage accompanying him on his travels is an impressive, heavyweight group of professionals. In addition to the usual security detail and assistants, there's also a new nanny, dresser, and hairdresser in tow. Prince George's new nanny, Maria Teresa Turrion Borrallo, is a graduate of the prestigious Norland College, which has been training nannies for over a century. The school is known for its rigorous training program, which covers everything from cooking to first aid to how to deal with paparazzi. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are said to have been extremely impressed with Ms. Turrion Borrallo during their initial meetings, and they are confident that she will provide their son with the best possible care during their travels. As for the dresser and hairdresser, they will be responsible for ensuring that Prince George is always impeccably turned out for his public appearances. Given the amount of media attention that is sure to be focused on the young prince during this trip, it's crucial that he looks his best at all times. Despite the dreary weather, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge seem to be truly enjoying their time in New Zealand. They have been greeted warmly by locals wherever they go, and they have already visited several popular tourist spots, such as the beautiful Abel Tasman National Park. The royal couple seems to be making a concerted effort to connect with locals and learn as much as possible about the unique culture and history of New Zealand. They have visited Maori communities, participated in traditional dances, and even sampled Maori cuisine. The royal tour of New Zealand will last for several weeks, and it is sure to be filled with many more historic moments and heartwarming interactions. But for now, the world is captivated by the charming and delightful Prince George, who has captured the hearts of millions with his infectious smile and boyish charm.