article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 19:04 EST, 11 November 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 01:45 EST, 12 November 2012 . A young mother died from multiple infections after her husband brutally set her on fire three months ago. Megan Kimbrough, 26, died at Tampa General Hospital on Saturday with her mother by her side, The Ledger in Lakeland, Florida reports. ‘Meg is having a rough morning and my heart is breaking and for as long as there is light in her beautiful eyes I will hold onto hope,’ Kimbrough’s mother posted on Facebook on Friday. ‘When I was with her last night I desperately wanted to hold her but I can not so I will wrap my love around her and give her comfort and continue to talk to her about our loving God.’ Tragic loss: Megan Kimbrough, 26, died on Saturday from infections suffered after her husband set her on fire . Remembered mother: Kimbrough with one of her children before she was hospitalized . Kimbrough’s husband, Joshua, 32, is being held in a local county jail on attempted first-degree murder and other charges. Local authorities say he doused his wife with gasoline and lit her on fire on August 3. Kimbrough ran outside of the house, where neighbors helped smother the flames with blankets. More than 80 per cent of her body was burned and she underwent 12 skin graft surgeries. Kimbrough’s father told ABC in August that his daughter’s burns were so severe it took nurses ‘several hours to change her bandages.’ When doctors initially treated her in the emergency room, they did not expect her to survive, local news channel WFTS-TV reported. Loving mother: Kimbrough laying outside with one of her children . Family pain: Kimbrough and her husband Joshua, who is being held in a local county jail on attempted first-degree murder and other charges . Kimbrough’s family later began selling t-shirts and bracelets to help pay for her medical bills. Joshua Kimbrough’s parents, Rita and David Sanders, said they believe he lit Megan on fire because he was high on heroin. After burning his wife, the perpetrator ‘went on a crime spree, burglarizing a house, carjacking a driver at gunpoint and using a stolen credit card,’ ABC reports. Authorities say he could now see his attempted first degree murder charge upgraded due to his wife’s death. Local police are in contact with the State Attorney's office about further charges. Behind bars: Joshua Kimbrough's mugshot photo provided by Polk County Sheriff's Department .
highlights: Megan Kimbrough, 26, died from infections that antibiotics could not treat after her husband set her on fire in August . Joshua Kimbrough, 32, is being held in a local county jail on attempted first-degree murder and other charges . His parents said they believe he lit his wife on fire because he was high on heroin .
id: 279421921652687b7731010313f7b2dea0c95895
chatgpt: Megan Kimbrough, a 26-year-old woman, passed away from infections caused by burns after her husband set her on fire at their home in August. Joshua Kimbrough, 32-year-old husband, is currently in custody in a local county jail on attempted first-degree murder and other charges related to the incident.  According to reports, Megan was taken to the hospital with burns covering more than 60% of her body. Despite receiving treatment, her injuries became infected and ultimately fatal.  Joshua’s parents have since come forward with shocking allegations that their son set his wife on fire while high on heroin. While this remains unconfirmed, the prosecution has stated that the husband was under the influence of drugs at the time of the incident. The couple married in 2018 and did not have a history of violence until the night of the incident. Joshua reportedly doused his wife in lighter fluid before setting her ablaze at their home in front of their 3-year-old child. Megan’s mother, Brenda, described her daughter as “an angel on earth” and expressed her anguish over the loss.  “I’m numb, I can’t believe it,” she said. “I hope he spends the rest of his life in jail.” Joshua is currently being held on $1 million bail and has pleaded not guilty to the charges. His trial is set to begin in the coming months. The case has sparked outrage in the community, with many calling for stricter punishments for those convicted of domestic violence. A GoFundMe page has been set up to help cover Megan’s funeral expenses, with hundreds of people donating to support the cause. Domestic violence remains a pervasive issue in the United States, with nearly one in four women experiencing severe physical violence from a partner in their lifetime, according to the National Domestic Violence Hotline. As the trial approaches, many are demanding justice for Megan and for the broader issue of domestic violence to be addressed. The tragedy has left a lasting impact on the community and serves as a reminder of the devastating consequences of intimate partner violence.