article: They are often dismissed as pesky birds that spread disease - but to one couple these homing pigeons were their livelihood. And now Maria and Alberta Morales have seen their pension pot disappear into thin air, after 1,000 of their 2,200 birds were stolen. Thieves stole hundreds of the valuable . homing pigeons from the Marion County farm in Orlando, and slaughtered . 100 baby birds more - effectively losing the couple nearly $20,000. Maria and Alberta Morales have seen their pension pot disappear into thin air, after 1,000 of their birds were stolen . Thieves stole hundreds of the valuable homing pigeons from the Marion County farm . The owners believe those who took the birds knew how valuable they are - but cannot understand why they would have killed 100 of the birds. 'There is a huge demand for them,' Maria Morales told the Orlando Sentinel. 'We have live-animal auctions (in Marion County). Every time you go to an auction, if you have pigeons you know for sure you will sell them out.' The birds were used for both racing and for recreational purposes. The couple believe whoever stole the pigeons drove through their neighbor's open field . Stolen: The owners believe those who took the birds knew how valuable they are . The pair hoped the farm, which they began in 2012, would fund their retirement, WFTV reported. The couple believe whoever stole the pigeons drove through their neighbor's open field, which leads to the back of the coop. Since then, the couple accumulated about 2,200 birds, which sell on average for $18, and were far more valuable as they can breed more birds. Because the family will lose out on up to four breedings this year, the value of the theft is actually closer to $40,000.
highlights: Maria and Alberta Morales owned 2,200 birds . Thieves in Orlando slaughtered 100 of the baby birds .
id: c36feaa8c0180c656aa29d1d7beeb50a15ad393a
chatgpt: In a heartbreaking incident, thieves broke into the property of Maria and Alberta Morales in Orlando and slaughtered 100 of their baby birds. The Morales couple, who own 2,200 birds, were left traumatized and devastated by the incident. According to Maria Morales, the theft took place sometime between Friday night and Saturday morning. The couple woke up on Saturday to the gruesome discovery of their baby birds being slaughtered in their pens. The thieves made off with some of the birds as well. Maria and Alberta Morales have been raising birds for over a decade on their property in Orlando. The couple raises chickens, ducks, turkeys, and other birds for their eggs and meat. The Morales also sell their birds to local farmers markets. The couple is now concerned for the safety of their remaining birds and have intensified efforts to secure their property. They have installed better lighting and are planning to put up cameras to deter potential thieves in the future. Maria Morales has reported the incident to the Orange County Sheriff's Office, who are currently investigating the incident. They are requesting for anyone who may have seen or heard anything suspicious in the area to come forward. The local community has been rallying to support the Morales family in the aftermath of the horrific incident. A GoFundMe page has been set up to help the family with the costs of securing their property and replacing the slaughtered birds. Maria and Alberta Morales are still reeling from the loss of their baby birds, but they are not giving up on their passion for raising birds. They are determined to continue running their farm and keeping their birds safe from harm in the future.