article: Tim Sherwood has taken a step closer to being appointed Queens Park Rangers manager after Real Madrid coach Paul Clement ruled himself out of the running. However, an agreement over personal terms for Sherwood is still to be reached - though the ex-Tottenham manager is still understood to be on course to replace Harry Redknapp, who left Loftus Road earlier this week. Chairman Tony Fernandes, who still has to pay Redknapp the remaining six months of his contract, would prefer to offer his next boss a heavily-incentivised deal, which could yet be a stumbling block towards Sherwood’s appointment. Following Harry Redknapp's resignation, Tim Sherwood has emerged as the front-runner for the QPR job . 67-year-old Redknapp has left QPR, but will still be paid his contract until the end of the season . QPR owner Tony Fernandes would prefer to offer his new manager a heavily-incentivised deal . Real Madrid assistant coach Paul Clement has ruled himself out of the running for the job at Loftus Road . Fernandes has revealed he wants to to interview three candidates for the role; Sherwood, Clement and Steve McClaren. However, Derby manager McClaren has no interest in returning to QPR, where he spent a spell as a coach last season, instead committing his efforts to the Rams’ promotion push. And Clement has paved the way for Sherwood to take control after revealing he does not want the job either. ‘I’m very flattered to be linked with Queens Park Rangers, a club I supported as a young boy and for whom my Dad played,’ said Carlo Ancelott’s right-hand man. ‘It would be a real honour to manage that club at some point in the future. But, at this time, I’ve got no intention of leaving Real Madrid in mid-season.’ And unless there is a major twist, Sherwood, whose chances of landing the role improved significantly after close pal Les Ferdinand’s appointment as director of football, now looks en route for his first managerial job since being sacked by Tottenham in the summer. Sherwood worked with QPR director of football Les Ferdinand (left) while the pair were at Spurs together . Sherwood looks en route to his first managerial job after being sacked by Tottenham in the summer . It is understood no decision will be made until after tomorrow’s clash against Southampton. Meanwhile, it is understood Kevin Bond is keen to staying on at QPR under the new regime. The coach, one of Redknapp’s closest confidants, has remained at Loftus Road despite the 67-year-old’s departure. And after a meeting with Ferdinand on Tuesday night, it is understood Bond, who is popular with the players, is open to staying at the club in some capacity once the new manager is installed.
highlights: Tim Sherwood has taken a step closer to QPR appointment . Real Madrid coach Paul Clement rules himself out of the running . Tony Fernandes still has to pay rest of Harry Redknapp's contract .
id: 71d372082ef93d108a6f6c626decf99b1c8f5474
chatgpt: Former Tottenham Hotspur manager Tim Sherwood has edged closer to being appointed as the new manager of Queens Park Rangers (QPR), according to sources close to the negotiation. The Championship club has been looking for a new boss following the resignation of Harry Redknapp earlier this month, and it seems as though Sherwood is their top choice. However, QPR has faced complications with the departure of Redknapp who left his post after admitting the job was beginning to affect his health. It has also been revealed that the club's first choice, Real Madrid coach Paul Clement, has decided against taking the job. Speaking to QPR's official club website, Clement confirmed he would not be taking charge of the team, stating: "I have decided not to take up the position of coach at Queens Park Rangers. It is a fantastic opportunity which I appreciate, but it's the middle of the season and I want to finish what I have started with Real Madrid." Clement, who is a former coach at Chelsea and Paris Saint-Germain, is well regarded in the football world and was one of QPR's top choices for the position. However, the club will now have to turn their attention to other candidates, with Sherwood being the most likely to take the helm. Tony Fernandes, QPR's owner, has always been keen on appointing Sherwood, who managed Tottenham Hotspur to a sixth-place finish in the Premier League last season. Sherwood has also worked as an assistant manager at Aston Villa and Tottenham Hotspur and is known for his passion and tactical nous. While there are still a few details to be ironed out, the appointment of Sherwood as QPR's new manager seems almost certain. However, the club is still dealing with the matter of Harry Redknapp's contract. Redknapp, who resigned due to health concerns and disagreements with the board, was still under contract with the club. Fernandes has admitted that he will still have to pay the remaining amount on Redknapp's contract, but believes that finding a new manager is the most important priority for the club. In a statement, Fernandes said: "We're looking for a manager who can take us forward and we believe Tim Sherwood is the right man for the job. We're confident that he can lead us to success, but there are still a few details to be sorted out. We also need to deal with the matter of Harry's contract, but that's a side issue at the moment." Fans of QPR will be hoping that the club can finally find stability under Sherwood's leadership. The team is currently 14th in the Championship, with just four wins from 14 games. They are 14 points off the top of the table and will be hoping that Sherwood can work his magic and help the team climb the ranks. Overall, it seems as though QPR is taking a step in the right direction. The appointment of Sherwood would be a solid move for the club, and fans will be hoping that he will be able to turn around their fortunes in the coming months. Regardless of the outcome, one thing is certain: QPR fans will be eagerly watching to see how the remainder of the season pans out.