article: David Cameron has been accused of breaking the Armed Forces Covenant, under which veterans must receive priority NHS treatment . Ministers are failing to honour a pledge to Britain’s wounded war heroes who face a healthcare ‘postcode lottery’, it has been claimed. In a devastating assessment, medical experts, MPs, soldiers and military charities have revealed that troops who suffered on the battlefields of Iraq and Afghanistan are being badly let down. In the past five years, around 51,300 service personnel – some still in their teens – have been categorised as injured, wounded or sick. Some will require constant care their whole lives. Under the Armed Forces Covenant, enshrined in law by David Cameron three years ago, veterans must receive priority NHS treatment for injuries suffered in the line of duty. But experts have come forward to point out that many are not being placed at the front of waiting lists – meaning the Government is failing to fulfil its pledge. Professor Neil Greenberg, from the Royal College of Psychiatrists, said: ‘The Government needs to be a bit more honest about what it is delivering and what it says it’s delivering, because the two are definitely not the same.’ Orthopaedic surgeon Professor Tim Briggs said: ‘We can do better and we should do better. Veterans weren’t aware of the Covenant. Finding access to specialist care was proving difficult, some were falling through the net.’ And Royal British Legion director-general Chris Simpkins said the £150,000 spent annually by each of ten specialist NHS mental health centres for ex-soldiers in England was ‘not enough to shield veterans from the extreme postcode lottery of variable waiting times for treatment’. Corporal Simon Brown, who served in the Army for more than ten years, was medically discharged after being shot in the face by a sniper in Iraq in 2006. He still has not had the surgery and treatment he requires. Condemning the ‘flawed’ system, he said: ’It has been long processes – there’s been a lot of jumping through hoops. I actually had to see a committee to see whether or not I was entitled to free plastic surgery.’ A separate report written by the Commons Defence Select Committee and published yesterday said that ‘more resources’ would need to be injected into supporting the physically and psychologically wounded. The cross-party panel of MPs found soldiers deployed in combat roles suffered twice the usual rates of post-traumatic stress disorder and one in five of all troops experience some kind of mental disorder. Committee chairman Rory Stewart, a Conservative MP, said: ‘British society has a unique debt of gratitude and an obligation to look after the citizens who have risked their lives for their country.’ An MoD spokesman insisted that the Government has ‘worked hard to ensure that our serving personnel, veterans and families have the support they need and are treated with the dignity they deserve’.
highlights: Veterans must receive priority treatment for injuries suffered in active duty . Armed Forces Covenant enshrined in law by David Cameron 3 years ago . But experts warn many are not being placed at front of NHS waiting lists . 51,300 service personnel have been injured, wounded or sick in past 5 years .
id: ebf0b87fccfa4049a74b9e2a9dd349cfef9909b9
chatgpt: Following the enshrinement of the Armed Forces Covenant in law by former Prime Minister David Cameron three years ago, it was expected that veterans would receive priority treatment for injuries suffered during active duty. Unfortunately, it appears that according to experts, many are not being placed at the front of NHS waiting lists after suffering injuries during their service. Reports indicate that 51,300 service personnel have been injured, wounded, or sick over the past five years. This revelation has sparked calls for the government to take urgent action to ensure that these individuals receive the medical attention they deserve. Critics have expressed concern that a lack of priority for veterans on NHS waiting lists could lead to veterans being overlooked or having to wait for long periods of time to receive vital care. This could have serious consequences for those suffering from significant injuries, some of which may require more urgent attention than other medical cases. The enshrining of the Armed Forces Covenant in law represented a significant milestone in recognizing the sacrifices made by those in the armed forces. The covenant was designed to ensure that current and former service personnel are treated fairly and with respect throughout their lives, and that they receive the support and care they need to adjust to civilian life after serving their country. Despite this, however, it appears that many veterans are still struggling to receive the care they are entitled to, especially those that have sustained serious injuries during their service. The government has been urged to take swift action to ensure that veterans receive the priority treatment they deserve, and to make certain that they are not left waiting for long periods of time to receive the care they need. Experts argue that, in addition to the moral obligation to care for veterans, which the Armed Forces Covenant represents, there are also economic benefits to doing so. Providing veterans with the care and support they need can help them make the transition back into civilian life and can also ensure that they are capable of making a meaningful contribution to society. Overall, it is clear that much more needs to be done to ensure that veterans receive the priority treatment they deserve on NHS waiting lists. This includes a greater focus on the specific needs of veterans when designing and implementing healthcare policies, a more proactive approach to identifying veterans who need support, and a concerted effort to minimize wait times for those who require urgent care. In the end, the Armed Forces Covenant was designed to ensure that those who have sacrificed for their country receive the care and support they need. It is time for the government to take concrete steps to live up to this promise and ensure that veterans receive the priority treatment they deserve, particularly when it comes to injuries sustained during active duty.