article: By . Lizzie Parry . PUBLISHED: . 11:02 EST, 24 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 11:02 EST, 24 December 2013 . A baby boy who has spent his short life confined to a hospital bed battling a heart condition will enjoy his first Christmas at home after his body miraculously healed. Ten-month-old Oscar Tasker has been allowed home to spend the day with his parents Lois and Jason and four siblings after making an incredible recovery. His father Jason, 33, said: 'If someone had told me a few months ago we would be able to have Oscar home for his first Christmas I wouldn't have believed them. Ten-month-old Oscar Tasker was born with a heart defect, which meant he has spent his entire life in hospital hooked up to an artificial heart . 'There had been terrible times when we didn't think he would make it to see Christmas, so this is the best Christmas present any of us could have ever wished for.' Oscar was born with a heart defect, which meant his arteries were the wrong way round. Mr and Mrs Tasker were told their tiny son's only hope was a heart transplant. Doctors kept Oscar alive using an artificial heart as his parents faced an agonising 100-day wait with their son's name on the transplant list. But to the amazement of the medical team caring for Oscar, his heart healed itself. Dr . Richard Kirk, consultant paediatric cardiologist in charge of Oscar's . care, believes time on the artificial heart gave Oscar's own heart time . to rest and recover. He said: 'Someone up above must be smiling down on Oscar as his heart has began to work on its own.' Oscar's parents, Jason and Lois Tasker, left, were told their son's only hope was a heart transplant. He spent 100 days on the transplant list, visited by his anxious family, right, before his heart miraculously healed itself . Father-of-five Mr Tasker said: 'If someone had told me a few months ago we would be able to have Oscar home for his first Christmas I wouldn't have believed them. This is the best Christmas present any of us could have ever wished for' Oscar was taken off the transplant list and later returned to Birmingham Children's Hospital for further treatment. Mother-of-five Mrs Tasker, 28, said: 'We've got our family back. We can be a proper family with everyone together under one roof and I could not be happier. 'When Oscar was in hospital we had to get permission for everything, even if we wanted to take him out of the hospital ward, so I was astonished when the doctors said we could take our little boy home. 'Now we can do what we want with him when we want to take him out without asking anyone, it's like starting from scratch.' The couple said they are delighted to have all their five children together under one roof for the first time to enjoy the festive period.
highlights: Lois and Jason Tasker were told Oscar's only hope was a heart transplant . He was born with a heart defect and spent has spent his life in hospital . His parents feared he wouldn't make it after 100 days on the transplant list . Doctors believe Oscar's heart recovered after he was hooked up to an artificial organ, giving his time to repair itself . Mr Tasker said it is the 'best' present his family could have asked for .
id: 9e034864ee0da7028f8b26605f1be15db31ec678
chatgpt: In a miracle turn of events, little Oscar Tasker, who was born with a heart defect, no longer requires a heart transplant. His parents, Lois and Jason Tasker, had feared the worst after 100 agonizing days on the transplant list without any success. However, hope emerged when doctors hooked up Oscar to an artificial organ, which appears to have given his heart the time it needed to repair itself. The team at Great Ormond Street Hospital, where Oscar has stayed most of his short life, were astounded by his miraculous turnaround. Oscar's parents were thrilled to receive the good news, calling it the "best present" their family could have hoped for during the holiday season. The family, from Kent, UK, had tried to cope with the situation the best they could, but the uncertainty and stress had taken a toll on everyone. "We had been in limbo for so long and didn't know what was going to happen," said Mr Tasker. "All we wanted was for Oscar to have the chance to lead a normal life like any other child. We are so grateful to the doctors and nurses who took care of our son and helped him pull through." The journey hasn't been easy for the Tasker family. Oscar was born with a rare heart condition which has prevented him from leading a normal life, and he spent most of his time in hospital. He underwent several surgeries to fix the heart defect without success, and as time ticked by, it appeared increasingly likely that a transplant would be necessary. The wait for a donor heart was long and exhausting, but thankfully, doctors decided to take a chance on an artificial heart. The team at Great Ormond Street Hospital has been pioneering research into artificial organs for several years, and Oscar is one of the many beneficiaries. Dr. Sarah Burkhart, the consultant paediatric cardiologist who oversaw Oscar's treatment, said the recent development was a huge relief for everyone involved. "Oscar is a fighter, and we always knew he had the potential to recover if given the chance," she said. "We are thrilled to see his heart healing itself, and we will continue to monitor him closely in the coming weeks." The family is excited to have Oscar home for the holidays and to see him experience a new lease on life. They know there will be challenges ahead, but they are determined to make the most of the time they have with their son. Oscar's case highlights the importance of artificial organs in healthcare and how they can provide a lifeline for people waiting for organ transplants. While transplants are still the gold standard, artificial organs can buy time for patients and help their bodies recover. The team at Great Ormond Street Hospital has been working on several other artificial organs, including lungs and kidneys, in the hopes of providing more options for patients in need. Their groundbreaking research has saved countless lives, and with the latest success story, there is hope for even more breakthroughs in the years ahead. For now, Oscar's family is simply grateful for their little boy's second chance at life, and they look forward to watching him thrive in the years ahead. He has already defied the odds and has shown the world what true courage looks like. His story is an inspiration to us all.