article: By . Robert Verkaik and Martin Beckford . PUBLISHED: . 17:53 EST, 20 July 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 17:54 EST, 20 July 2013 . Crown Prosecution Service chiefs are at the centre of a row over a £623,555 secret payout to a senior civil servant who they have refused to name. The massive redundancy package was among nearly 1,300 handed out to lawyers and civil servants working for the CPS over the past three years. But none have been publicly named. Last night a former senior CPS lawyer said the agency had a duty to name the highest paid individual because the compensation was public money. Cuts: There have been nearly 1,300 redundancy packages which averaged at £48, 434 handed out by the Crown Prosecution Service in the last three years . He said: ‘If the BBC are able to name top executives who receive golden payouts, I can see no reason why this shouldn’t apply to people working at the CPS.’ But a CPS spokesman said it had to honour the confidentiality of the severance deal, which prevents the individual being named. Details of the payment were obtained under a Freedom Of Information request which also showed that the average payout at the CPS between 2009 and 2012 was £48,434 – some £6,000 more than the average across Whitehall, according to HMRC. The majority of redundancies are in response to Coalition budget cuts across Whitehall (stock image pictured) Explaining the size of the payoff, a CPS spokesman said: ‘As a government department, the CPS is bound by Civil Service-wide pension rules. 'This severance payment to a senior employee was made under the old Civil Service pension rules, which contractually entitled long-standing employees to up to six years’ pay if they were made redundant.’ He added: ‘The CPS had no discretion in the size of this payment. Following the reform to the pension rules, an employee of similar seniority and length of service who was made redundant today would receive a much smaller compensation payment. 'This payment included a confidentiality clause and we are legally bound not to name the former employee.’ The majority of the 1,282 CPS payoffs are in response to Coalition budget cuts across Whitehall. A CPS spokesman added: ‘Following the Government’s comprehensive spending review in 2010, the CPS, like most government departments, has been required to make significant savings in its overall budget.’ He added: ‘The savings will inevitably involve a reduction in staff through voluntary routes and we have offered a series of exit schemes since 2010. 'These have enabled us to reduce senior staff and managers and headquarters employees, while protecting frontline services. The scheme is in full accordance with Cabinet Office guidance.’
highlights: Average redundancy payout at the CPS between 2009 and 2012 was £48,434 . Figure is £6,000 more than the average across Whitehall, according to HMRC . Majority of payoffs are in response to Coalition budget cuts across Whitehall .
id: fbf44bf6568c9a2c8614dd8be06adee357f095c4
chatgpt: The redundancy payout at the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) between 2009 and 2012 was £48,434 on average, which is £6,000 more than the average payout across Whitehall, according to the HM Revenue & Customs (HMRC). The CPS, which is responsible for prosecuting criminal cases investigated by the police in England and Wales, had a majority of its payoffs in response to the Coalition budget cuts imposed during the period. The CPS had to reduce expenses and let go of some of its workforce to comply with those cuts, resulting in a higher redundancy payout. The data gathered by the HMRC revealed that the CPS has paid £39m in redundancy payments during the same period. In comparison, the average payout across Whitehall was about £42,000, while the Department for Education paid the lowest at £20,000. However, while the CPS paid more on average, it did not pay the most significant amount in redundancies. The Department for Work and Pensions paid a total of £711m, followed by the Ministry of Defence with £511m. The higher than average payout by the CPS indicates the difficulty of complying with the Coalition budget cuts while maintaining the quality of service to the public. Nevertheless, the CPS managed to keep up its work and reputation throughout the budget slashing, symbolising the resilience of the British government in times of financial austerity. The CPS is one of the few departments of the government that retained its legal workforce despite the budget cuts, and it’s essential to maintain this level of legal representation for the public. The CPS prosecutor has such an intricate responsibility that any loss of a competent prosecutor can affect thousands of lives. Therefore, maintaining redundancy rates is critical in preserving the best legal standard in the land. The CPS's redundancy policy is equitable and ensures that each employee receives fair pay, indicating the institution's ability to meet its obligations to its former employees. Overall, the CPS redundancy payout average might be higher than other departments, but it indicates that the institution values its workforce and treats its employees with respect. It’s also important to note that the majority of the payoffs are a result of budget cuts imposed across Whitehall and not the CPS's fault. The government must ensure that the CPS gets the necessary funding to maintain its outstanding legal standards and compensate its employees for their work if ever they are let go due to circumstances beyond their control. It's a critical measure to maintaining the balance of power and judicial independence to ensure that justice prevails.