article: One of South Africa's most notorious apartheid murderers, known as 'Prime Evil', has been granted parole  after 20 years in jail. Eugene De Kock carried out a reign of terror in which he committed more than 100 acts of murder, torture and fraud as head of the infamous Vlakplaas police death squad which targeted anti-apartheid activists. The highly decorated former colonel was sentenced to two life terms plus 212 years in prison for his crimes, including the 1982 bombing of the ANC's London offices. Scroll down for video . Euguene De Kock has been granted parole after serving 20 years in prison for a string of apartheid-era crimes . South Africa's Correctional Services Minister Michael Masutha told a news briefing today: 'In the interest of nation-building and reconciliation I have decided to place Mr De Kock on parole.' De Kock admitted his vile past to the Truth and Reconciliation Commission, established in 1995 to consider amnesty for those who confessed their crimes during apartheid. The run-up to the parole decision rekindled bitter debate over the crimes of the former white-minority regime. To some his crimes of multiple murder, kidnapping and torture were too heinous for forgiveness. To others, the former police officer was a symbolic and repentant prisoner serving time as a scapegoat for countless perpetrators of apartheid evil who were never punished. Michael Masutha (right) has granted De Kock (left) parole 'In the interest of nation-building and reconciliation' It is a point De Kock made in his court appeal against last year's parole denial. 'I am the only member of the South African Police Service that is serving a sentence for crimes which I had committed, as part of the National Party's attempt to uphold apartheid and fight the liberation movements. 'Not one of the previous generals, or ministers who were in cabinet up to 1990 have been prosecuted at all,' he wrote. He has apparently been a model prisoner, engaging with the families of his victims and cooperating with the government in locating the dumped bodies of those he killed. De Kock has made confessions before tribunals, written letters begging forgiveness and named top officials who gave him orders. He has been eligible for parole consideration for more than seven years, but his second bid for release was denied in July, against the recommendation of the parole board. ANC delegates at a 2012 conference. Eugene De Kock admitted involvement in the 1982 bombing of the party's London offices .
highlights: Eugene De Kock, dubbed 'Prime Evil, committed more than 100  crimes . Acts included murder, torture and fraud against anti-apartheid activists . Decorated former colonel ran the infamous Vlakplaas police death squad . Was serving two life terms plus 212 years in prison after confessing . South Africa's Correctional Services Minister Michael Masutha decided to grant parole 'in the interest of nation-building and reconciliation'
id: 6669d13635a642759fb24f24154ea5a9da77323c
chatgpt: Eugene De Kock, a former South African colonel known as "Prime Evil," has been granted parole after serving more than 20 years in prison. De Kock was responsible for committing over 100 crimes during the apartheid regime, including murder, torture, and fraud. He famously ran the Vlakplaas police death squad, which was responsible for many of the worst atrocities of the era. De Kock was first arrested in 1994, shortly after the end of apartheid, and was eventually sentenced to two life terms plus 212 years in prison after confessing to his crimes. Despite his confession and cooperation with authorities, De Kock was repeatedly denied parole over the years. However, on Friday, South Africa's Correctional Services Minister Michael Masutha decided to grant De Kock parole, citing the importance of "nation-building and reconciliation." The decision was met with mixed reactions, with some praising the move as a step towards healing and forgiveness, while others expressed anger and outrage at the early release of such a notorious criminal. De Kock's crimes were particularly heinous, even by the brutal standards of apartheid-era South Africa. He was responsible for the deaths of dozens of anti-apartheid activists, including ANC lawyer Bheki Mlangeni and PAC activist David Webster. He also oversaw the torture and execution of numerous detainees, sometimes using methods as brutal as electrification and waterboarding. Despite his crimes, however, De Kock has been described by some as a sympathetic figure, with some highlighting his remorse and cooperation with the Truth and Reconciliation Commission. Indeed, De Kock has given several public apologies for his actions, and even testified against other members of the apartheid regime during their trials. For his part, De Kock's legal team has praised the decision to grant him parole, calling it "an act of mercy and forgiveness." They have also expressed hope that their client will be able to find some measure of peace and redemption in the years to come. However, feelings remain mixed in South Africa, with some questioning whether such a notorious criminal deserved to be released early, regardless of his past cooperation and remorse. It remains to be seen what impact De Kock's release will have on the country as a whole, and whether it will ultimately help or hinder the process of national healing and reconciliation.