article: Councils have been criticised after it emerged an event they are sending workers to has advised packing ibuprofen and vitamin C - to beat hangovers. Around 118 public officials are being flown out to the French Riviera to attend the taxpayer-funded four-day event in March. But organisers of the Marche International Des Professionnels De L’Immobilier (MIPIM) have warned attendees the trip will cause 'exhaustion' thanks to its action-packed party schedule. Council workers have been told to pack ibuprofen and vitamin C to beat hangovers at an international property event in Cannes, France. Attendees are pictured above at last year's event enjoying a cool beer in the sun . Workers will be wined and dined at the prestigious Palais Des Festivals, which also hosts the Cannes Film Festival, as they try to secure future investment for their areas. Individual tickets cost £1,160. A guide to the international property fair, written as part of a blog on the official event's website, said: 'Networking extends into late evening and for some that means the wee hours of morning. 'Yes, it happens to the best of us. And yes, we feel pretty rotten the next day. Magic fix? A good ibuprofen and a heavy dose of Vitamin C usually does the trick. At least until midday...' But the flippant advice has sparked outrage. John O'Connell, director of the TaxPayers' Alliance, said: 'It's stunning to see them blow huge sums on a jolly.' A blog on The Marche International Des Professionnels De L’Immobilier's website advises any attendees to be prepared to take a 'heavy dose of vitamin C' The Marche International Des Professionnels De L’Immobilier (MIPIM) is an annual event held in Cannes (above) Workers will be wined and dined at the prestigious Palais Des Festivals (pictured above), which hosts the Cannes Film Festival . The largest sole contingent to attend this year is a 22-strong delegation led by Nottingham City Council leader Jon Collins. Their ticket allocation alone cost more than £25,000. The Scottish Government has also paid £18,500 for tickets for a 16-strong team under its 'Cities Alliance' banner. Two employees from Edinburgh City Council have been given a budget of £2,454 for 'travel and accommodation'. The council was unable to estimate the cost of food and drink. Individual tickets cost £1,160. Delegates are pictured above eating, drinking and enjoying the beautiful view at the 2014 MIPIM show . Cannes is known for its luxury yachts and beautiful scenery. Several delegates do business at the 2014 MIPIM show (above) Glasgow City Council is also sending a team but added that 'it's impossible' to reveal the true cost to the taxpayer until after the event. Highland Council, which is planning to shed up to 1,000 jobs over the next five years, is sending delegates. Local politicians and employees are also attending from Aberdeen, Dundee, Newcastle and Perth. A Cities Alliance spokesman said: 'We can't give final costs. 'Bringing the cities together allows us to showcase investment opportunities.'
highlights: Around 118 public officials flying to property event in Cannes in March . Includes council staff from Edinburgh, Nottingham and Newcastle . Guide published on event's website states: 'We usually feel pretty rotten' Individual tickets for the four-day event cost  £1,160 .
id: 85ff2bce7da0e86cb7a27c03524eb41962c77568
chatgpt: Around 118 public officials are set to fly to a property event in Cannes this March, which includes council staff from Edinburgh, Nottingham and Newcastle. According to a guide published on the event's website, attendees typically feel "pretty rotten" during the event. Individual tickets for the four-day event cost around £1,160. The MIPIM property conference in Cannes is one of the most popular events of its kind and attracts public officials and business leaders from around the globe. This year, council staff from Edinburgh, Nottingham and Newcastle are among those set to attend the event, which is due to take place in March. Despite the reputation of the event, the guide published on the MIPIM website warns attendees that they will likely feel "pretty rotten" during the event. However, it goes on to say that there are ways to manage this, such as eating well, drinking plenty of water and getting enough sleep. Many attendees, including those from the UK, are expected to arrive in Cannes by plane. This has raised environmental concerns, particularly given the significant contribution that air travel makes to global carbon emissions. However, many of those attending argue that the event provides valuable networking opportunities and that it is an essential part of their work. In particular, the event is seen as an opportunity to attract investment in local areas and to promote economic growth. The cost of attending the MIPIM conference can be significant. An individual ticket for the four-day event costs around £1,160, although group discounts are available. However, many of those attending argue that this is a worthwhile investment given the potential benefits that the event can bring. Despite the cost, there is concern that the event can be exclusionary. Many local authorities are unable to afford to send representatives to the event, which means that they are often not able to benefit from the opportunities that it offers. Despite these concerns, many public officials remain hopeful that attendance at the MIPIM conference can help to promote economic growth and attract investment to their local areas. However, they also recognise the need to manage their attendance carefully in order to minimise the impact on their health and the environment. Overall, it seems that the MIPIM conference in Cannes will continue to be an important event for public officials and business leaders. However, as concerns about the cost and impact of attending the event continue to grow, it will be important for those attending to make sure that they are getting the most out of their attendance and that they are doing so in a responsible and sustainable way.