article: By . Chris Hastings . PUBLISHED: . 17:07 EST, 16 November 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 02:51 EST, 17 November 2013 . Children's laureate Malorie Blackman has revealed she harboured anger towards white people for years after being sexually assaulted aged 13 . Malorie Blackman, the best-selling author and Children’s Laureate, was sexually assaulted in a cinema when she was just 13 years old, she has revealed. The writer, whose Noughts And Crosses novels explore racial tensions, said her ordeal at the hands of three white men meant she hated white people for much of her life as a teenager. Interviewed for today’s edition of Desert Island Discs, the 51-year-old author recalled: ‘I was 12 or 13 at the time. I used to go to the cinema a lot by myself and I was watching Disney’s Robin Hood. Three white guys came up behind me. ‘Two of them grabbed my arms so I couldn’t move and the other one sexually assaulted me.‘I was so traumatised. They were laughing and thought it was a big joke. I managed to get away and ran away in floods of tears.’ Blackman, who also wrote the acclaimed 1997 novel Pig Heart Boy, said the attack contributed to her being a very angry teenager. She described her attackers as ‘horrible’ and said that after the incident she felt ‘all white people were horrible’. Her love for a particular song eventually helped her break out of the cycle of hate.She said: ‘The thing that brought it home to me was a song I really loved called What You Won’t Do For Love, by Bobby Caldwell. ‘I went into a record shop and I found one of his albums and he was  a blonde guy. I remember thinking, ‘‘Oh my God, he’s white.’’ ‘And then I thought, ‘‘Are you really going to stop liking this song because this guy is white?’’ That’s when I caught myself and thought no, this is silly.’ Blackman, whose song choices on today’s programme include Bob Marley’s Redemption Song and Right Said Fred by Bernard Cribbins, also recalled how a racist careers teacher refused to write her a reference for university and blocked her dream of becoming an English teacher. Malorie Blackman, who tackles racism in her Noughts and Crosses series, also reveals a white careers teacher refused to write her a reference for university . Blackman said: ‘She just looked me in the eye and said, ‘‘Black people don’t become English teachers. Why don’t you be a secretary instead?’’ ‘For about three or four years I wasted my life hating her because  I thought she had ruined my life. If I met her again, I would thank her because she did me a favour. She taught me if that someone stands in the way of what you really want to do, you don’t stand there arguing with them and you certainly don’t let them stop you. What you do is find a way to go around them.’Desert Island Discs is on  BBC Radio 4 today at 11.15am.
highlights: Malorie Blackman was sexually assaulted by three white men in a cinema . The author admits she held on to her anger towards white people for years . Broke her cycle of hate after falling in love with a song by Bobby Caldwell . The 51 year old, who tackles racism in her Noughts and Crosses books, made the revelation on Desert Island Discs .
id: d07cbba95d95c8132813f0c366d1bb2175a7a144
chatgpt: Malorie Blackman, a renowned author from the UK, recently made a startling revelation on the radio show, Desert Island Discs. In the interview, the 51-year-old author spoke of how she was sexually assaulted by three white men in a cinema. This incident, which took place years ago, had a profound impact on her in more ways than one. Malorie admitted that for years after the incident, she harbored anger towards white people. Her anger and resentment led her down a cycle of hate and bigotry, causing her to generalize an entire race of people because of the actions of a few. However, her outlook completely changed after an unexpected experience. The author recounted how she fell in love with a song by Bobby Caldwell titled “What You Won’t Do for Love”. The lyrics of the song spoke to her on a deep level and made her realize that love and compassion were more powerful than hate and anger. This realization helped her break free from the cycle of hate and prejudice that she had been stuck in for so long. Malorie Blackman is known for tackling issues of race and discrimination through her Noughts and Crosses book series. The series features a society where people with dark skin, known as Crosses, are the ruling class, while those with light skin, known as Noughts, are oppressed. Through her writing, Malorie attempts to raise awareness about the impact of racism and encourage conversations on how to overcome it. Her revelation on Desert Island Discs serves as a reminder that racism and discrimination are still prevalent in society. It also highlights the lasting impact that traumatic experiences can have on an individual’s life, even years after they occur. However, Malorie also showed that it is possible to break free from the cycle of hate and bigotry and promote love, forgiveness, and understanding. The author’s revelation has sparked a lot of conversations about racism, sexual assault, and how to move forward from traumatic experiences. Many have praised her for her honesty and bravery, while others have shared their own personal stories of overcoming trauma and hate. In conclusion, Malorie Blackman’s revelation about her traumatic experience of sexual assault and her journey of overcoming hate and bigotry serves as a powerful reminder that racism and discrimination are still present in our society. However, it also shows that healing and progress are possible with love, compassion, and understanding.