article: A video of a Delaware police officer enthusiastically lip-syncing to Taylor Swift's 'Shake it Off' is getting global attention. The video, posted to the Dover Police Department's Facebook page Friday, shows Master Cpl. Jeff Davis in uniform and driving a patrol car while lip-syncing to the popular pop song - sassy head rolls and finger-pointing included. The video appears also too perfect and internet-ready for the scene to spontaneous - but that hasn't stopped it from racking up more than 500,000 views in a matter of days. When he sees another car, he briefly stops his jamming, but swiftly continues when he accelerates away. Scroll down for video . Calm: Master Cpl. Jeff Davis from Dover Police in Delaware is first seen in his patrol car in uniform. He turns on the radio to listen to Taylor Swift's Shake It Off . Jamming: As the music starts, the department veteran starts to sing - and even incorporates some hand movements . Department spokesman Cpt. Mark Hoffman said Saturday that he's gotten calls about the video from media outlets in Australia, England, Germany, and throughout the U.S. It has reached more than 470,000 YouTube views. Hoffman says Davis, a 19-year veteran of the department, is 'the class clown' and loved making the video. He says the 48-year-old father of four knows 'Shake it Off' so well because of his 10-year-old daughter. The department posted on Facebook: 'While reviewing dashcam footage, we come across some interesting sights to say the least. We decided we would share some with you in a new web series called "Dash Cam Confessionals". 'We hope you enjoy this...and Taylor Swift, if you're watching...we're sorry.' Finger shaking: He shakes his hand in front of the dashcam when the chorus comes on . Scream: Then, when a high pitch note is reached in the song, he opens his mouth and really gets into it \ .
highlights: Video of Jeff Davis from Dover Police, Delaware, has gone global . The clip includes sassy head rolls, finger pointing and hand gestures . The 19-year-department veteran has been branded the 'class clown' 48-year-old says he knows the song so well because of his daughter, 10 .
id: aec3c25dcd7b19944bfdfc022b0ec0e718f1a9c8
chatgpt: Dover, Delaware - Jeff Davis, a 48-year-old veteran of the Dover Police Department, has become an internet sensation after a video of him singing and performing hand gestures during a car ride went viral. The video, which has been shared on various social media platforms, has amassed millions of views and has turned Davis into the 'class clown' of the department. In the video, Davis is seen singing along to the popular song "Watch Me (Whip/Nae Nae)" by Silento. The 19-year department veteran is shown throwing in sassy head rolls, finger pointing and hand gestures to the beat of the song. Davis says that he knows the song so well because of his 10-year-old daughter. The video has garnered much attention from people worldwide and has received a positive and lighthearted response from the community. It has also helped to promote the Dover Police Department, as many viewers have been impressed by the good-natured and fun-loving behavior of one of their officers. Davis has been a member of the Dover Police Department for 19 years and says that he is proud to serve his community. He never expected to become an internet sensation overnight, but he is happy that the video has brought some joy and laughter to people during these challenging times. The Dover Police Department has also shared their excitement about the clip's popularity, stating that they have received many requests to interview Davis and even for him to appear on popular television shows. Davis has been praised for his positive attitude and his ability to make people laugh. He notes that the video is a good reminder that police officers are human beings with personalities beyond their uniform and badges. In conclusion, Jeff Davis has become an overnight sensation thanks to a video that went viral after he was seen singing and dancing to Silento's "Watch Me (Whip/Nae Nae)." Davis has been branded the 'class clown' of his department and has garnered much positive attention from people worldwide. His joy and positivity have served as a reminder that police officers are human beings who are capable of making people smile.