article: Atlanta, Georgia (CNN) -- The doors to the headquarters of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference civil rights group have been welded shut and padlocked, an escalation in a power struggle between two factions claiming leadership of the organization, the two sides said Tuesday. The doors were discovered shut Monday night. The Rev. Markel Hutchins, a recent aspirant to the organization's presidency who claims to be on the board, said the doors were welded and padlocked to keep the current leadership out of the headquarters building. "They refused to leave the building, and under the law you can't remove them forcibly," Hutchins told CNN affiliate WSB. "So what we had to do was make certain we secured the building while no one was inside to protect the safety and security and the integrity of the organization." "I am troubled by this conduct. It is the act of reckless individuals," SCLC Chairwoman Sylvia Tucker said in a statement released Tuesday. "Hutchins has no right to be on SCLC property," Tucker said. "His conduct of vandalizing and damaging SCLC property proves that Hutchins will do anything to try to control the SCLC." Tucker and her faction say that Hutchins has never been on the board of the SCLC or been a national officer for the organization. The Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. was one of the co-founders of the SCLC, which was formed in 1957 to coordinate protest activities across the Southeast, the group's website says. The organization has seen a power struggle dating back about a decade, said Ralph Luker, a retired professor who specialized in the civil rights movement and has been an observer of the SCLC. But the current crisis stems from accusations that former officers diverted SCLC funds into non-SCLC accounts, he said. Those charges remain under investigation. A former chairman and former treasurer were removed from the board, and those who backed them formed the faction that is quarrelling with the current leadership. Hutchins aligned himself with the faction backing the ousted leaders, Luker said. Hutchins ran for SCLC president last year but was defeated by Bernice King, Martin Luther King Jr.'s daughter. He was then appointed to the board by the faction led by the ousted chairman, a move that a judge has since ruled invalid. "That essentially is what this is about: who effectively is going to control the organization," Luker said.
highlights: Action comes amid power struggle between factions claiming leadership of SCLC . The Rev. Markel Hutchins: Doors secured to keep current leadership out of the building . Sylvia Tucker: Conduct "is the act of reckless individuals" Hutchins wants to lead SCLC, claims to be on board; Tucker is SCLC chairwoman .
id: 71c7b35bc20e82ccb5a63f73420355c27fe2ec61
chatgpt: In the midst of a power struggle between factions claiming leadership of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference (SCLC), an unexpected turn of events occurred at the organization's headquarters on Tuesday. The doors were secured to keep the current leadership out of the building according to Rev. Markel Hutchins. Hutchins, who wants to lead the SCLC and claims to be on board with its mission, made the decision to secure the building's doors amid allegations of misconduct by the current leadership. The move has raised concerns about the ongoing power struggle within the organization, which has a history of internal conflicts. Sylvia Tucker, the current chairwoman of the SCLC, has condemned the actions of those who secured the doors, citing that "conduct like this is the act of reckless individuals." She went on to state that the current leadership is legitimate and that they have been duly elected by the organization's members. The SCLC was established in 1957 by the late Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. and is known for its role in the civil rights movement. The organization's mission is to promote nonviolent social change and to advance the cause of civil rights for African Americans. The power struggle within the SCLC has been ongoing and has been the subject of several court battles over the years. The organization has struggled to maintain its relevance and restore its reputation in the wake of these internal conflicts. Hutchins, who previously served as the SCLC's national spokesman, has been a vocal critic of the current leadership and has been calling for reform within the organization. He claims that the current leadership is ineffective and has failed to address the needs of the people it serves. Despite his criticisms, Hutchins has stated that he wants to lead the SCLC and has promised to work towards restoring its mission and integrity. He argues that the organization needs new leadership if it is to remain relevant and effective in the fight for civil rights. The future of the SCLC remains uncertain as the power struggle between factions claiming leadership continues. The recent action by Hutchins to secure the organization's headquarters has only further escalated tensions within the organization. It remains to be seen how this conflict will be resolved, and what impact it will have on the SCLC's future.