article: (CNN) -- Inter Milan's faultless record under new coach Leonardo came to an abrupt halt on Sunday as the reigning Serie A champions lost 3-1 to Udinese. Inter were on course for their sixth straight win since the Brazilian took over from Rafa Benitez in December when Dejan Stankovic gave them the lead after a quarter of an hour. But Udinese struck back almost immediately with goals from Cristian Zapata after 20 minutes and Antonio Di Natale five minutes later. Maurizio Domizzi added the home side's third in the 69th minute leaving Inter too much to do in the final 20 minutes of the match. The result means Udinese stay in eighth place, but are now only one point behind Palermo. Inter remain in fifth with 35 points. Rivals AC Milan moved four points clear at the top of the league as they beat Cesena 2-0 at the San Siro. An own goal by Cesena defender Pellegrino at the end of the first half gave Milan the lead. The Rossoneri had several chances to wrap up the match in the second half with Robinho going close twice, but it was left to the ever dependable Ibrahimovic to make sure of the points as he slotted home from a tight angle in injury time. Cesena ninth away defeat of the season means they remain in 18th place with 19 points. Napoli moved up to second behind leaders Milan after a 2-0 win at Bari. Argentina's Ezequiel Lavezzi put Napoli ahead after 38 minutes with a well-taken free-kick. Uruguayan striker Edinson Cavani made sure of three points shortly before the end scoring his 14th goal of the season. Lazio failed to make up any ground on Milan after slumping to a shock 3-1 defeat at Bologna. Lazio took the lead in the fifth minute thanks to Sergio Floccari, but Gaston Ramirez leveled the scores half an hour later. Three minutes later the home side were ahead as striker Marco Di Vaio carved through the Lazio defense before finishing neatly. Di Vaio scored his 13th goal of the season and his team's third in injury time at the end of the match. Juventus stay in sixth place, now on the same points as Inter, after a 0-0 draw at Sampdoria. There were no goals between Chievo and Genoa either as both teams looked to escape the bottom half of the table. There was also stalemate in the match between Fiorentina and Lecce which finished 1-1. David Di Michele opened the scoring for Lecce after 29 minutes only for Alberto Gilardino to cancel it our with a header in the 56th minute.
highlights: Leonardo suffers first defeat in six games as Inter lose 3-1 to Udinese . Milan goes four points clear at top of Serie A after a 2-0 win over Cesena . Napoli move up to second after a 2-0 win at Bari .
id: dac001080786920099e8350280a27b7f7bd09042
chatgpt: Inter Milan suffered a major setback in their quest for a Champions League spot after succumbing to a 3-1 defeat to Udinese. The loss marked Inter's first defeat in six games, leaving them with a lot of ground to cover in the race for Europe next season. Despite some early promise from Inter, it was Udinese who took the lead in the 29th minute through a fantastic goal from striker Kevin Lasagna. Inter tried to respond with a positive attitude as they chased the game, but they were soon dealt another blow as Rodrigo De Paul scored a fantastic goal in the 61st minute to give Udinese a two-goal cushion. Inter fought hard to get back into the game after that setback, but it was always going to be a tough ask against a resolute Udinese defense. Despite the defeat, Inter coach Leonardo was positive about his team's performance, saying, "We played some good football out there today, but just couldn't convert our chances. We have to keep pushing and remain focused heading into the final stages of the season." Meanwhile, AC Milan extended their lead at the top of Serie A to four points after a comfortable 2-0 win over Cesena. Goals from Andre Silva and Giacomo Bonaventura sealed the win for Milan, who are now in a commanding position in the title race. Napoli also had a successful weekend, moving up to second in the league after a 2-0 win at Bari. Goals from Jose Callejon and Lorenzo Insigne ensured that Napoli kept pace with AC Milan at the top of the table. It was an important win for Napoli, who will be hoping to push Milan all the way in the title race. With just a few games left to play, the Serie A title race is shaping up to be a gripping contest. AC Milan look to be the favorites to lift the trophy this season, but they will face tough competition from Napoli and other title contenders in the coming weeks. For Inter Milan, it was a disappointing result, but there is still plenty of time for them to mount a Champions League challenge. With the likes of Mauro Icardi and Ivan Perisic in their ranks, Inter will be hoping to make a strong push in the final few games of the season. Overall, it was an action-packed weekend in Serie A, with results going the way of the top teams in the league. Milan and Napoli both secured important wins, while Inter will be hoping to bounce back from their defeat to Udinese in the coming weeks. With so much at stake in the coming weeks, fans of Serie A are in for a thrilling end to the season.