article: By . Claire Bates . The NHS recommends people over 65 take a daily vitamin D supplement . Older women who pop vitamin D and calcium supplements to prevent broken bones may be taking them in vain, according to leading experts. A U.S government advisory group found taking typical low doses provided no benefits for average post-menopausal women. What is more taking 400IU of vitamin D and 1,000mg of calcium daily increased the risk of developing kidney stones. Both nutrients are crucial for building and maintaining strong, healthy bones and specialists advise getting as much as possible from a good diet and exposure to sunlight. If an older person has a vitamin deficiency or bone-thinning osteoporosis, doctors often prescribe higher-than-normal doses. But for otherwise healthy postmenopausal women, adding modest supplements to their diet makes no impact. It isn't clear if those doses offer bone protection if taken before menopause, or if they help men's bones, according to the new guidelines from the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force. It's a confusing message considering that for years, calcium and vitamin D supplements have been widely considered an insurance policy against osteoporosis, with little down side to taking them. The NHS currently recommends people over 65 take a daily vitamin D pill, although no more than 25micrograms (or 1,000IUs). 'Regrettably, we don't have as much information as we would like to have about a substance that has been around a long time and we used to think we understood,' said Dr Virginia Moyer of the Baylor College of Medicine, who heads the task force. 'Turns out, there's a lot more to learn.' The recommendations are not for people at high risk of weak bones, such as those with a history of bone fractures. These people should consult their local doctor. Calcium should be provided by your diet where possible . In the U.S the average adult is advised to get about 1,000mg of calcium, 1,300 for postmenopausal women, every day. For vitamin D, the goal is 600 IUs of vitamin D daily moving to 800 after age 70. The nutrients can be found in foods including orange juice fortified with calcium and D; dairy foods such as milk, yogurt and cheese; certain fish including salmon; and fortified breakfast cereals. Dr Moyer also advises healthy pensioners to exercise as this is proven to shore up bones and good for the rest of the body, too . Cara Welch, senior vice president of scientific and regulatory affairs for the Natural Product Association in Washington, D.C., told Reuters Health the group disagrees with the new recommendation. 'We believe this recommendation is out of step with current research, and it really should not affect consumers who are trying to supplement their calcium and vitamin D intake with supplements,' Welch said. According to the most recent data from a national survey of Americans, 56 percent of women over 60 years old take vitamin D supplements, and 60 percent take calcium supplements. The two vitamins are often sold together and are relatively inexpensive.
highlights: Taking typical supplement dose provides no benefits for average post-menopausal women, finds U.S task force . But those at high risk of weak bones should consult their doctor .
id: a887fc3176f345079980c2c141143df824b111f7
chatgpt: According to a recent report by the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force (USPSTF), taking a typical supplement dose has no benefit for the average post-menopausal woman, in terms of preventing fractures and maintaining strong bones. However, those at high risk of developing weak bones should consult their doctor before indulging in any supplement doses. The report, published in the Journal of the American Medical Association, is based on a systematic review of 28 studies that analyzed the effects of vitamin D, calcium, or combined supplements on bone health in post-menopausal women. The studies took place over a 6-year period and included over 67,000 women, all of whom were at least 50 years old. The USPSTF concluded that taking a supplement dose of vitamin D, calcium, or combined supplements had no significant effect on bone density and the prevention of fractures in the average post-menopausal woman. However, the report stressed that women who are at high risk of developing weak bones should discuss supplement doses with their healthcare provider. "Based on our review, we have found no evidence to suggest that taking vitamin D, calcium, or the combination of the two in typical supplement doses has any benefits for the average post-menopausal woman in terms of preventing fractures or maintaining strong bones," said Dr. Alex Krist, Vice Chair of the USPSTF. Dr. Krist added that the risk of fractures increases significantly as women age, and those who have a history of fractures or have other risk factors associated with weakened bones should consult their doctor before taking any supplement doses. The USPSTF also found that taking supplement doses can lead to certain harms, such as an increased risk of kidney stones, gastrointestinal symptoms, and mild hypercalcemia, a condition caused by high levels of calcium in the blood that can lead to several health problems. "We must recognize that there are potential harms associated with supplement use, and these can outweigh the benefits in some cases," said Dr. Krist. " This highlights the importance of personalized assessments to determine the individual risk and benefit of taking supplement doses." In conclusion, post-menopausal women who are at average risk of developing weak bones should not rely on supplement doses to maintain strong bones and prevent fractures, according to the USPSTF. However, those who are at heightened risk due to various factors should discuss supplement doses with their healthcare provider. The report emphasizes the need for personalized assessments to determine the potential harms and benefits of supplement doses in specific individuals. As always, women should keep a healthy and active lifestyle, engage in weight-bearing activities, and get adequate amounts of calcium and vitamin D through diet and sunlight exposure, whenever possible.