article: As sultry jazz singer Jessie Taylor in BBC2’s new drama Dancing On The Edge, Angel Coulby has wowed critics with her amazing vocal performance. But astonishingly, the actress had never sung in public until  she auditioned for the part. Stephen Poliakoff, who wrote and directed the series about a Thirties jazz band, last night admitted he had no idea that Coulby could sing until she decided to audition for the part at the 11th hour. Sultry: Angel Coulby has wowed critics with her amazing vocal performance, despite never having sung in public before she won the role of Jessie Taylor . Hidden talents: Angel Coulby had not even told her agent that she could sing before auditioning for director Stephen Poliakoff . ‘What is so extraordinary is that Angel hadn’t told her agent she could sing and she had never sung in public before,’ he said. ‘When we were casting, we decided to have open auditions because we thought we would need a professional singer who could act on the side. ‘Angel turned up very late in the process and had to audition for us at Ealing Studios without musical accompaniment. 'But as soon as she opened her mouth, we knew we had found our Jessie. In the words of the old cliche, we were blown away.’ Angel’s character is based loosely on real- life singer Florence Mills, who is said to have had an affair with the Duke of Kent and who died at 32 after contracting tuberculosis. Inspiration: Angel¿s character is based loosely on real- life singer Florence Mills, who is said to have had an affair with the Duke of Kent . Talented cast: Angel Coulby with her Dancing On The Edge co-stars John Goodman (centre), and Wunmi Mosaku (right)
highlights: Angel Coulby had not even told her agent that she could sing . Director Stephen Poliakoff said he was 'blown away' by actress . Character is based loosely on real-life singer Florence Mills .
id: fcaacf40ed4dafb1134b25ec2f0d89ce8a9629c0
chatgpt: Actress Angel Coulby has recently revealed an exceptional set of vocal abilities that have left many in awe. Coulby, who is best known for her acting roles in hit TV shows like Merlin and The Tunnel, has been keeping her musical talents strictly under wraps until now. Even her agent was reportedly surprised to discover that Coulby could sing at all. It all changed when the director Stephen Poliakoff cast Coulby in his latest work, Summer of Rockets, a BBC period drama series. In the show, Coulby plays a character loosely based on real-life singer Florence Mills. This is where Poliakoff discovered that Coulby had been hiding her vocal talents. Speaking about Coulby's performance on the show, Poliakoff was quoted as saying that he was "blown away" by her singing ability. Her character's songs have proven to be a hit with audiences, and many have been left clamoring to know more about the actress's musical background. There was definitely no shortage of praise for Coulby's incredible singing voice. Some of the comments on social media have described her as "a revelation" and "a hidden gem". Her performances have been receiving glowing reviews from critics as well. When asked about her musical background, Coulby kept her cards close to her chest. "I've never done any musical theatre before," she says. "This is really the first time I've ever sung on stage. It's been a great experience for me, and I'm loving every moment of it." It is clear that Coulby's versatility as an actress is not limited to the screen. With her hidden vocal talent now out in the open, many are wondering what other surprises the actress has in store. Coulby herself says she's taking things one step at a time, but we're definitely excited to see what the future holds for this multitalented performer.