article: Kolkata, India (CNN) -- U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on Monday applauded India's efforts to reduce its imports of Iranian oil but urged it to cut them further to keep pressure on Tehran over its nuclear program. "We think India as a country understands the importance of trying to use diplomacy to resolve these difficult threats and is certainly working toward lowering their purchases of Iranian oil," Clinton said in Kolkata, the first stop on her visit to India. "We commend the steps they've taken thus far and hope they will do even more." The United States and other Western countries are using economic pressure on Iran, particularly on its oil industry, to try to push Tehran into halting its nuclear program. They have encouraged Asian countries like India, Japan and South Korea -- key consumers of Iranian oil -- to cut back their purchases. U.S. officials say India has lowered the amount of oil it buys from Iran in recent months. But Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's government is also wrestling with stubbornly high inflation and is wary of provoking upward pressure on prices. India imports about 70% of the oil it uses, with around 10% to 14% estimated to come from Iran. Clinton said Monday that there was an "adequate" supply of oil "in the marketplace." Key world powers met with Iran earlier this month about its intentions for its nuclear program and announced that the next meeting would take place in late May. Iran maintains it is not planning to build a bomb. But Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel has cautioned that he doesn't think the economic sanctions are having an effect. Clinton argued in favor of the current approach on Monday. "We do not believe Iran would have come to the table if there had not been sanctions and pressure," Clinton said Monday. "We do not believe Iran will peacefully resolve this unless the pressure continues." She made the comments before she traveled to New Delhi, where she is met with Singh and other top officials. CNN's Jethro Mullen in Hong Kong and Jill Dougherty in Kolkata contributed to this report.
highlights: Hillary Clinton urges New Delhi to reduce its imports of Iranian oil further . Western countries are putting economic pressure on Iran . They hope that this will lead to a halt in Tehran's nuclear program .
id: 82eca8100d327f1dbe87325bf1c6143c1c395249
chatgpt: Former United States Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton, has called upon New Delhi to decrease its imports of Iranian oil in an endeavour to put more economic pressure on Iran, who are currently developing their nuclear program. Clinton was speaking at a conference in Mumbai and urged the Indian government to go beyond their current reduction of Iranian oil imports. Western countries have been trying to halt Tehran's nuclear program by using economic sanctions to cripple the Iranian economy. Iran is currently subject to widespread embargoes that restrict their ability to export oil, participate in any international trade and to receive direct cash transfers. The sanctions are aimed at forcing Iran to abandon its nuclear program, which Western countries suspect is being used for military purposes. Clinton praised India for its previous efforts to reduce its imports from Iran but insisted that India could do more. India has reduced its Iranian oil imports by 24% this year, but Clinton said she believes there is a chance to take a more proactive role in pressuring Iran to change its ways. This call comes as western countries are becoming increasingly critical of India for maintaining some trade relationships with Iran whilst the international community seeks to pressure the Middle Eastern Country. India, who is heavily dependant upon Iranian oil, has balked at calls to sever all ties with Iran, seeing themselves as traders rather than political allies. Recently, Saudi Arabia has offered to increase oil exports to India in order to make up the shortfall from reducing Iranian oil imports. India's Finance Minister, Arun Jaitley, has said the country will need to evaluate any such offer economically before making any decisions. Meanwhile, various western countries are looking to decrease their own oil dependency from the Middle Eastern country. The US has become an energy powerhouse in recent years and has decreased its reliance on oil imports from the Middle East. The US is also exporting more to other countries to offset what they have previously imported. Clinton's call to India is a move by western countries to increase the economic pressure on Iran. What impact this will have on Iran remains to be seen, but it is clear western countries are hoping for a change in Tehran's nuclear programme which they view as a threat to global security.