article: There appear to be noises that another Belgian is set to arrive in the Premier League? Are we starting a colony? Calm down. But yes, a trio of English clubs led by Liverpool are monitoring Zakaria Bakkali, PSV Eindhoven’s 18-year-old forward as he develops his game in the Eredivisie. Tottenham and Arsenal are also said to admire him. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Bakkali hit a superb hat-trick for PSV in the Eredivisie . Teenage kicks: Zakaria Bakkali (R) is being monitored by Liverpool, Arsenal and Totenham . Top Gunn: Arsene Wenger . Red leader: Brendan Rodgers . Hot Spur: Mauricio Pochettino . So is any bid likely this summer? The suggestion is that offers could wait until next year but interest from Valencia could prompt action. Why is he on the radar of these clubs? Having impressed at various age levels he burst to prominence with a hat-trick against NEC in August last season aged just 17 years and 196 days. It made him the youngest player to score three goals in a game in the history of the Dutch top-flight. His strikes were all high quality too; his first a left-foot shot arrowed in off the bar, his second a well-placed effort from distance, his third a precise curler from his right boot after a smart dribble. Three s the magic number: The PSV Eindhoven forward celebrates scoring a hat-trick against NEC . Some statement. Did it prompt international recognition? Yes, Marc Wilmots called him up for Belgium and he made his debut in the World Cup qualifier against Wales last October, coming on as a 78th minute substitute for Everton’s Kevin Mirallas. The appearance ended speculation about which country he would represent given his parents are Moroccan. But like Marouane Fellaini, Bakkali chose the country of his birth. That begs the question – where was he born and how did he come to Holland so young? Bakkali was born in Liege, and represented Standard Liege until moving to PSV at the tender age of 12 to join their academy. Take a bow: Bakkali was given his Belgium debut against wales in October 2013 . So what is his style and what are his stats? Standing at under 5ft 5in tall, Bakkali has been compared to Sergio Aguero for bustling running and sharp shooting. He is extremely quick and possesses rapid acceleration as well as close ball control skills. He likes to run at players, cut in from the wings, and strike with either foot. He impressed on his debut for PSV, a Champions League qualifier against Belgian club Zulte-Waregem, and scored in the second leg. He has been used intermittently since his breakthrough as he progresses, with three goals in 16 Eredivisie appearances. Across various youth levels for Belgium his return is 18 goals in 26 games. Low centre of gravity: The 18-year-old has been likened to Manchester City striker Sergio Aguero .
highlights: Zakaria Bakkali is attracting interest from Liverpool, Arsenal and Spurs . PSV Eindhoven teenager became youngest player to score a hat-trick in the Eredivisie in game against NEC . Moroccan born 18-year-old won his first Belgium cap in October 2013 . Bakkali has been likened to Manchester City forward Sergio Aguero .
id: 23afafcf6b90651a58079158f9e95007a561ca8f
chatgpt: Teen sensation Zakaria Bakkali is causing a stir in the English Premier League, with reports linking him to three of the competition's biggest clubs. Liverpool, Arsenal and Tottenham Hotspur are said to be closely monitoring the progress of the talented PSV Eindhoven winger, who exploded onto the scene in the Eredivisie earlier this season. Bakkali made history in August, when he became the youngest player ever to score a hat-trick in the Dutch top flight. The Moroccan-born 18-year-old netted all three in a 5-0 win over NEC, a performance that had pundits and fans raving about his potential. Since then, he has continued to impress for PSV, scoring five goals in 13 appearances so far this season. It's no surprise that Bakkali has caught the eye of some of Europe's top clubs. Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers is known to be a fan of the winger, who has been compared to Manchester City star Sergio Aguero for his skill and flair. Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger is also said to be keen on the teenager, who could provide some much-needed depth to the Gunners' attacking options. Meanwhile, Tottenham are reportedly keeping tabs on Bakkali as part of their ongoing youth recruitment drive. Bakkali has already achieved plenty in his short career, despite his tender age. He made his PSV debut in 2013 and quickly established himself as one of the club's brightest prospects. In October of that year, he won his first cap for the Belgian national team, marking the start of what looks set to be a glittering international career. Despite his obvious talent, Bakkali remains a grounded and humble young man. Speaking to Dutch media earlier this year, he said: "I just try to do my best and help the team. I don't like to talk about myself, but of course it's nice to get recognition from other clubs. It shows that you're doing something right." For now, Bakkali's focus remains firmly on PSV and helping them achieve their goals this season. The Dutch side currently sit second in the Eredivisie, three points behind leaders Ajax. However, with Bakkali in form and firing on all cylinders, they will feel that anything is possible in the months ahead. One thing is for sure: Zakaria Bakkali is a star in the making, and Europe's top clubs will be keeping an even closer eye on him in the coming months. With Liverpool, Arsenal and Spurs all reportedly interested in his signature, the teen sensation could be set for a big-money move in the near future. But for now, he's happy to keep his feet on the ground and let his performances do the talking.