article: Tom Huddlestone believes the Tottenham Hotspur revolution on Humberside will help Hull City cement their place as a Premier League club. Michael Dawson became the third player to swap White Hart Lane for the KC Stadium this week when he joined in a £3.5 million deal. That trio — Dawson, Huddlestone and Jake Livermore — have all been capped by England and cost the Tigers a combined £15m. Scroll down for video... Hot Spurs: Tom Huddlestone (L) is pleased that another Tottenham player has arrived at the KC Stadium . Dawson will make his debut at Aston Villa today, and Huddlestone said: ‘Daws brings leadership, he’s very good on the ball. Defensively he is very clever and obviously he’s not been at Tottenham for 10 years for no reason. ‘I was surprised Spurs let him go to be honest, because even last season he played near enough every game for them. It was a bit of a surprise because he’s only 30 so hopefully we can get three or four good years from him. ‘Spurs’ loss is our gain. They’ve obviously got a new manager [Mauricio Pochettino] who is trying to do things his own way and wants his own players which is fair enough, but hopefully we can benefit from that with the signing of Daws.’ Quality: Michael Dawson is unveiled following his £3.5 million move from White Hart Lane . Incoming: Uruguay striker Abel Hernandez is expected to arrive from Palermo . The midfielder — a £5.25m arrival last summer — added: ‘I saw potential in the squad last year which made me sign and we had a good season, which is attracting players like Dawson and Abel Hernandez [the Uruguay striker on the verge of a £10m move from Palermo]. ‘The season we had last year is helping bring quality players like that and long may it continue. We’ve made a statement with these signings.’ Hull are in their second season in the top flight under the canny guidance of Steve Bruce. They were FA Cup finalists in May but failed to progress to the Europa League group stage after exiting on away goals to Belgian side Sporting Lokeren on Thursday. ‘The lads are devastated,’ Huddlestone admitted. ‘We obviously won the game but away goals are cruel. Seeing the Europa League draw was when it fully sunk in. Three is the magic number: Jake Livermore (R) completes Hull City's collection of former Tottenham stars . ‘But we need to be straight back on it. As devastating as Thursday night was, having a game two or three days later is the perfect way to bounce back and get it out of your system.’ It’s not too late to play MailOnline Fantasy Football… There’s £1,000 to be won EVERY WEEK by the highest scoring manager . CLICK HERE to start picking your Fantasy Football team NOW! There’s £60,000 in prizes including £1,000 up for grabs EVERY WEEK… .
highlights: Hull City have signed Michael Dawson for £3.5m from Tottenham . Defender joins former Spurs stars Tom Huddlestone and Jake Livermore . Huddlestone insists Tottenham's loss is the Tigers gain . Steev Bruce's side travel to Aston Villa in the Premier League on Sunday .
id: c52cf3bd09b995373890985c1978a4a6f0000ccf
chatgpt: Hull City, the Premier League football club, has secured the signing of Michael Dawson from Tottenham for a fee of £3.5 million. The defender's addition to the Hull City squad comes as the team prepares to face off against Aston Villa in their upcoming Premier League fixture. Dawson, who was previously the captain of Tottenham, joins Hull City alongside former Spurs teammates Tom Huddlestone and Jake Livermore. Huddlestone, who was signed by Hull City last year for £5.25 million from Tottenham, says that the team's acquisition of Dawson is a major coup for the club. "Tottenham's loss is definitely our gain," said Huddlestone of the signing. "Michael is a fantastic defender, and he brings a wealth of experience and leadership to the team. I'm looking forward to playing alongside him, as well as with Jake." Hull City manager Steve Bruce is also pleased with the signing, and believes that Dawson's presence will help to strengthen the team's back line. "Michael is a proven Premier League defender, and his addition to the squad will enhance our defensive capabilities," said Bruce. "His leadership qualities will also add a lot of value to the team, both on and off the field." While Dawson will certainly bolster Hull City's defensive capabilities, the team will face a tough test in their upcoming match against Aston Villa. Aston Villa have had a mixed start to the new Premier League season, with two wins, two losses and a draw from their opening five matches. However, Villa is traditionally a difficult ground for visiting teams, and Hull City will have their work cut out for them if they hope to take all three points from the encounter. Nevertheless, with the likes of Dawson, Huddlestone and Livermore in their squad, Hull City will be confident of securing a positive result. The signing of Dawson is just the latest in a series of moves made by Hull City over the summer transfer window. The club has also brought in striker Abel Hernández from Palermo for a club record fee of £10 million, and midfielder Mohamed Diame from West Ham for an undisclosed fee. With these new additions to the squad, Hull City fans will be hoping that the team can build on their strong start to the Premier League season. Currently sitting in fifth place, Hull City has amassed seven points from their opening five games, and will be looking to continue their impressive form in the coming weeks.