article: Burnley are set to sign Michael Kightly and Marvin Sordell on Friday as they begin implementing plans for the Premier League. Sordell is ready to complete a £500,000 move from Bolton, while Kightly – who was on loan at Turf Moor during last season’s promotion push – will join from Stoke for £1.5million. It will mark Sean Dyche’s first foray into the transfer market this summer, with the Clarets due back for pre-season training next week. Impact: Kightly imporessed last season in his loan spell with Burnley and is set to complete a £1,500,000 move . Experience: Kightly has played in the Premier League with Stoke but the winger was surplus to requirements . And Sordell, speaking earlier this week, admitted he can’t wait to link-up with his old boss. ‘I worked with him a lot at Watford and he’s a very good coach, a very good mentor for players and I’m not surprised Burnley did so well last season,’ the 23-year-old said. ‘If it comes along it would be a fantastic opportunity and I have been working at St George’s Park already in pre-season to give me the best chance to hit the ground running.’ Sordell spent the whole of last season on loan at Charlton Athletic after falling out of favour with Dougie Freedman at the Reebok Stadium and was part of Team GB’s Olympic side in 2012 after a £3million move from Watford to the Trotters. Excited: Sordell worked with Burnley boss Sean Dyche during his time at Watford . Success: Dyche led Burnley to the Premier League last season and is now building a squad to compete . Kightly was a big hit in the Championship, scoring the goal against Ipswich that confirmed Burnley’s top two spot back in April. Dyche is also reported to be interested in signing Derby County midfielder Craig Bryson.
highlights: Kightly was on loan at Turf Moor last season - will join from Stoke . Sordell set to move for £500,000 from Bolton . Striker excited to work with Dyche again after spell together at Watford .
id: 1904495e674289ca8d1655aab939cd9ca5813310
chatgpt: Burnley Football Club has announced the signing of two experienced players ahead of the start of the new Championship season. The club has managed to secure the services of midfielder Michael Kightly and striker Marvin Sordell. Michael Kightly played for Burnley on loan last season and impressed with his performances. Burnley didn't hesitate to bring him in on a permanent basis from Stoke City. Kightly, who previously played for Wolverhampton Wanderers, has signed a two-year contract with an option for a further year. Speaking on his move, Kightly stated: "I'm delighted to have joined Burnley permanently. I really enjoyed my time here last season and I'm looking forward to being a part of the team and helping the club achieve great things." Meanwhile, Burnley has also completed a deal to sign striker Marvin Sordell from Bolton Wanderers for a reported fee of £500,000. The 24-year-old forward, who previously worked with Burnley manager Sean Dyche at Watford, is excited about the move and believes he can contribute to the team's success. "I'm really pleased to be here and I'm looking forward to working with Sean Dyche again," Sordell said. "I think I can come here and score some goals and help the team get back into the Premier League." Burnley has set its sights on securing a return to the Premier League after being relegated last season. The club finished in 19th place in the top-flight, managing just 33 points from 38 games. Dyche and Burnley's board will be hoping that the addition of Kightly and Sordell will provide a much-needed boost to their strike force. The club will face some tough competition in the Championship next season, but the manager and players are optimistic about achieving their targets. Overall, it seems that Burnley has made some astute acquisitions ahead of the new season, and the fans will be hoping to see the likes of Kightly and Sordell deliver the goods on the pitch. The club's supporters will be hoping that their players can help drive their team to promotion back to the top tier of English football.