article: Julie Bentley warned young girls must be taught about pornography . The leader of the Girl Guides has urged parents and teachers to start informing young girls about pornography. Julie Bentley, the leader of GirlGuidingUK warned that if myths surrounding sex are not dispelled, youngsters will grow up thinking representations of intimacy in pornography are realistic. Her comments come days after it was revealed that children as young as seven face playground sexual taunts. Speaking on BBC Radio Four's Desert Island Discs, Ms Bentley - who, predictably, chose Sisters Are Doin' It For Themselves as one of her records - spoke of the dangers of easily accessible porn. 'When I was a teenager, I wasn't aware of pornography. 'Today, regretfully, pornography is so accessible on social media that my view on this is that it isn't going to help them by pretending it's not there. 'If they're accessing it and seeing it, then we have the responsibility of telling them that isn't a true representation of a relationship between two people,' the Sunday Telegraph reports. Ms Bentley added she had grown frustrated with preconceived ideas of feminists as women who hate men. 'Some people like to interpret (being a feminist) as "she hates men"... I'm actually pretty happy with the world and love men.' Last week a survey carried out among Girl Guides found that children as young as seven felt subjected to sexual taunts in the playground. Almost half of those aged between 11 and 16 who took part in the annual Girl Guides Attitudes Survey said that teachers had dismissed complaints of sexual harassment. Chief Denise King said: ‘This shocking research shows we must act to stop sexual harassment being normalised by our society. ‘We want to ensure all girls live in a safe, fair and equal society that lets them reach their full potential. Seven out of 10 girls aged between 13 and 16 said that those who reported incidents of sexual harassment risked being bullied or teased (file image) 'We’re calling on all politicians to take a stand.’ Earlier this year the organisation launched a manifesto demanding compulsory school lessons in body confidence. The historic youth movement for girls said it was making its intervention into politics because ‘young women still believe they are too often treated like second-class citizens.’ Claiming that three quarters of teenage girls believe sexism affects most areas of their lives, the Guides said that there is ‘overwhelming evidence of inequality for girls in the UK.’ Labour leader Ed Miliband has pledged his support for the movement’s Girls Matter equality campaign.
highlights: Julie Bentley said girls must be taught about myths surrounding sex . Pornography is 'regretfully' more easily accessible today, she added . Comes after a survey revealed girls as young as seven face sexual taunts .
id: f40fb43726a760c3a0abb522077a1e85b73a49ca
chatgpt: Julie Bentley, the CEO of the UK's largest charity for girls and young women, Girlguiding, has called for young girls to be educated about the myths surrounding sex. She believes that this education is crucial, especially in today's world, where pornography is more easily accessible than ever before. Speaking about the issue, Bentley said, "It's important we inform girls about the myths around sex because we need to help them feel confident about taking a decision, rather than the many unhelpful influences and expectations that they are faced with." Bentley's call for more education on the issue comes after a survey by Girlguiding revealed that girls as young as seven are facing sexual taunts. The survey, which involved nearly 2,000 girls aged between seven and 21, found that one in four girls aged 11-21 experienced unwanted physical attention in public places. Furthermore, the study showed that 46% of 13-21-year-olds had experienced some form of harassment or online abuse. Bentley admitted that the findings of this survey were "regretful," and she suggested that comprehensive sex education was necessary to tackle the issue. "We are calling on the government to make sure that comprehensive sex and relationships education is made statutory in all schools," she said. Bentley's stance on the issue is in contrast to the current government policy which only requires schools to cover the basics of sex education. The current government-approved guidance was last updated in 2000 and does not cover issues relating to pornography, consent, or online safety. Many child protection organizations have welcomed Bentley's call for greater education on the issue, including NSPCC, which has called for sex and relationships education to be made compulsory in all schools. An NSPCC spokesperson said, "We welcome any initiative that supports young people in understanding healthy relationships and consent, particularly as pornography and other online content is so easily accessible." In addition to the call for greater education for young girls, Bentley also suggests that parents may need more support to deal with the issue of sexual harassment. "We should also be looking at how we are supporting parents to have those meaningful conversations with their children," she said. Bentley hopes that with better education for young girls and greater support for parents, society can begin to tackle the issue of sexual harassment. "We need to make sure that every girl and young woman knows that they have a right to a life free from harassment and abuse," she said. In conclusion, Julie Bentley, the head of Girlguiding, has called for young girls to be educated about the myths surrounding sex. Her call comes after a survey by Girlguiding revealed that girls as young as seven are facing sexual taunts. Bentley believes that comprehensive sex education and support for parents is crucial in tackling the issue of sexual harassment.