article: A California farmer has smashed the record for the largest pumpkin in North America with a mighty gourd weighing in at a monstrous 2,058 pounds. The white pumpkin made its public debut at the annual Half Moon Bay pumpkin weigh-off where it was quickly dubbed the 'colossal ghost' by festival organizers, NBC Bay Area reports. The record-breaking pumpkin was grown by Napa's John Hawkley, who was just 265 pounds shy of taking the world record from Swiss grower Beni Meier who's 2,323 pound pumpkin was officially weighed just one day earlier in Germany. It was the first time a Half Moon Bay Safeway World Championship Pumpkin Weigh-Off entrant had broken the ton-mark. Hawkley beat out 30 other California pumpkin growers to take the cash prize of more than $13,000. John Hawkley's record-setting pumpking is measured by 41st Annual Safeway World Championship Pumpkin contest officials . The record-breaking pumpkin dubbed the 'colossal ghost' weighed in at 2,058 pounds . Hawkley beat out 30 other California pumpkin growers to take the cash prize of more than $13,000 . The record-breaking pumpkin was grown by Napa's John Hawkley, who was just 265 pounds shy of taking the world record from Swiss grower Beni Meier who's 2,323 pound pumpkin was officially weighed just one day earlier in Germany . It was the first time a Half Moon Bay Safeway World Championship Pumpkin Weigh-Off entrant had broken the ton-mark . Ron Root checks to see that a 1,828 pound pumpkin maintains its integrity . Entrants in the prettiest pumpkin category are hoisted before the crowd . Russ Pugh watches his pumpkin weigh-in at a huge 1,828 pounds, which would have taken second place if the gourd was not disqualified for rot . John Furtado weighs pumpkins at the start of the contest day, with pumpkins usually planted in April . Workers have to use a forklift to move a giant pumpkin for contestants who will be awarded $6.00 per pound if they take the title .
highlights: Napa grower John Hawkley will take in more than $13,000 in prize money for the pumpkin with the winner awarded $6.00 per pound . Pumpkin made it's public debut at the Half Moon Bay pumpkin weigh-off in California . Said to be the first time a contest entrant has broken the ton-mark .
id: 5412ed370672746fe10dd8c218aff68927ba25e3
chatgpt: Napa grower John Hawkley is now more than $13,000 richer thanks to a massive pumpkin that made history at the Half Moon Bay pumpkin weigh-off in California. The enormous pumpkin, now the biggest ever to be weighed at the annual event, broke the ton-mark and immediately wowed the crowds who had gathered for the competition. As the winner of the prestigious competition, Hawkley will receive $6.00 per pound for his giant pumpkin, which weighed in at over 2,000 pounds. Despite being a seasoned grower, Hawkley never expected to win the prize for having the heaviest pumpkin at the weigh-off. Nevertheless, his hard work and years of experience in cultivating oversized produce paid off, and he was able to achieve this incredible feat. The public first had the chance to see the winning pumpkin when it was brought out for display at the Half Moon Bay festival. People of all ages marveled at the sight of the massive pumpkin, taking pictures and sharing them online in amazement. Many likened the size of this giant pumpkin to that of a small car. Breaking the ton-mark is a huge milestone for any pumpkin grower. It means that they have been able to cultivate a pumpkin that weighs more than 2,000 pounds, a feat that very few farmers around the world have accomplished. As such, Hawkley's achievement has drawn attention from pumpkin growers and enthusiasts worldwide, who are both impressed and inspired by his work. When asked about how he was able to grow such an impressive pumpkin, Hawkley shared that it took a lot of hard work, commitment, and trial and error. He said that he put in many hours of careful cultivation and paid close attention to every detail, from the soil to the nutrients to the amount of light and shade that the pumpkin received. Hawkley's success at the Half Moon Bay pumpkin weigh-off is a reminder of the importance of hard work and dedication when it comes to growing plants, fruits, and vegetables. It is also a testament to the power of trial and error and the value of learning from one's mistakes. Going forward, we can expect more dedicated pumpkin growers like Hawkley to take up the challenge and try to break the ton-mark in years to come.