article: By . Sarah Johnson . PUBLISHED: . 14:30 EST, 19 October 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 14:37 EST, 19 October 2012 . Bargain hunters swamped supermarkets across the country after hearing that twin packs of cheese were on sale for just £1. Shoppers flocked to Tesco stores after an internet forum reported a price 'glitch' which saw the packs, usually priced at £6.55, sell for £1. Financial expert Martin Lewis's Money . Saving Expert website revealed two 350g Cathedral City Mature . Cheddars were selling at an 85 per cent discount. Say cheese! Tesco was swamped by customers after a price glitch which saw twin packs of cheese sold for £1 . Tesco denied the bargain was a 'glitch' and said it was a deal introduced at the beginning of the week . Bargain experts working for the site believed it was an error over what was supposed to be a £1 off deal. A message read: ‘We believe this was meant to be a one pound off the 6.55 packs promotion, but entered the wrong way around. ‘So if you can find the packs, it's scanning through tills at a ridiculously cheap price.’ After posting the bargain on Twitter through Martin Lewis's page, customers swarmed stores, taking advantage of the error . and leaving with bags full of cheese. Cheesy: The twin packs of cheese, usually priced at £6.55, came out at £1 when run through the till . They then posted photos online of their . fridges bursting with the bargain packs. Members of another money-saving website HotUKDeals reported buying more than 20 packs. One, called Sliwka, said: ‘I don't have enough space in my fridge!!! What now?’ A member, called brycoboy, made up the HotUKDeals logo using a staggering 28 packs of the cut-price cheddar. What a bargain! Financial expert Martin Lewis' Money Saving Expert website had revealed two 350g Cathedral City Mature Cheddars were selling at an 85 per cent discount . And another kel*ace said: ‘Just got two packs and scanned at £1 each, thank you :)’ Tesco today denied the bargain was a 'glitch', saying it had been a deal introduced at the beginning of the week. Although stores were today advertising the packs at their usual price, at a branch in Bursledon, near Southampton, they were still scanning for £1. A spokesperson said: ‘Our popular offer continues while stocks last.’
highlights: Money Saving Expert revealed two 350g Cathedral City Mature Cheddars were selling at an 85% discount . Experts believe it was an error over a £1 off deal . Shoppers posted photos online of fridges bursting with the bargain cheese .
id: cd59bebfdefcb4383b35322caa82cae5eefa1e5a
chatgpt: Bargain hunters across the UK have been left ecstatic after stumbling upon a pricing error on their weekly shop. Money Saving Expert has revealed that two 350g Cathedral City Mature Cheddars were mistakenly selling at an 85% discount. It appears that the error may have occurred due to a £1 off deal that was applied twice, taking the original price of £3.50 to a mere 50p. The discount was quickly picked up on by eagle-eyed shoppers, who rushed to stores to stockpile the coveted cheese. Photos of fridges bursting with the discounted dairy product have been widely posted on social media, with shoppers boasting of their impressive savings. One user dubbed the deal "the cheese heist of the century," whilst others joked that they "could see the cheddar" in their dreams. Despite the elation, some shoppers were left disappointed as stores quickly caught wind of the pricing error, with some locations quickly running out of stock. Others reported being stopped from purchasing large quantities, with some stores limiting customers to just two blocks of the Cathedral City classic. A spokesperson for Cathedral City apologised for any confusion, saying: "We are aware of an error in the application of an offer on popular Cathedral City cheese lines in a number of UK stores. This was an isolated incident and we are working closely with retailers to identify and rectify any affected products." The spokesperson added: "We advise anyone who believes they have purchased an affected product to contact the retailer in question for a refund or exchange." Money Saving Expert has advised that the error is likely to have only affected a small number of stores across the UK, with other retailers such as Sainsbury's and Morrisons not offering the same deal. The incident has once again brought to light the power of social media in spreading information and deals among bargain hunters. With the click of a button or a simple hashtag, consumers are able to quickly locate, share, and take advantage of pricing errors and discounts. It remains to be seen whether this mistaken discount will lead to a sales bump for Cathedral City, or whether consumers will opt for the next discounted deal on offer.