article: By . Reuters . and Zoe Szathmary for MailOnline . Yoko Ono's publicist is suing Eataly, celebrity chef Mario Batali's New York food emporium, claiming the bouncers at the popular Manhattan eatery shouted homophobic slurs at him and hurled him through a glass window. Kip Kouri suffered a gash on his leg that required stitches, cuts on his head and injuries to both knees in the assault on July 17, his lawyer, Richard Klass, told Reuters on Friday. An Eataly spokeswoman, Cristina Villa, told The New York Daily News no one used 'homophobic slurs' and said 'our security guards had to forcefully remove him from the store.' Plaintiff: Kip Kouri, pictured, is suing Eataly, claiming the bouncers at the popular Manhattan eatery shouted homophobic slurs at him and hurled him through a glass window . Celebrity chef: The incident allegedly took place at Mario Batali's New York food emporium . 'While doing so, the whole group banged into the glass window, which crashed, injuring all involved, including our guards,' Villa was quoted as saying in the News story. Villa also described Kouri as 'visibly intoxicated and acting as a potential threat to others' to The New York Daily News. A representative from Eataly did not immediately respond to a Reuters request for comment. Both Villa and Klass did not immediately respond to a MailOnline request for comment. Kouri is seeking $10million in punitive damages and unspecified damages for personal injury for the 'severe emotional distress' and physical injuries he endured, according to court documents filed in state Supreme Court in Manhattan. Scene: A spokesman for Eataly told The New York Daily News Kouri was 'visibly intoxicated and acting as a potential threat to others' Famous client: Kouri is the public relations agent for Yoko Ono, pictured . It all started around 9 p.m. on Juy 17 when Kouri, his stepmother, his sister and his boyfriend were waiting for a table at the crowded eatery and found out the staff had given away their reservation, Klass told Reuters. 'That created a fuss that ended up in a loud argument. They started calling him names, referring to him as being homosexual,' Klass said. 'The bouncers threw him through a plate glass window and he ended up on the street,' Klass said. The emotional hurt was as deep as the physical for Kouri, whose firm Tell All Your Friends P.R. represents Ono, Les Savy Fav and other music celebrities. 'These slurs added salt to the wounds,' Klass said. Kouri was not drunk, Klass told The New York Daily News.
highlights: Yoko Ono's publicist Kip Kouri is suing Eataly, celebrity chef Mario Batali's New York food emporium . Kouri claims the bouncers at the popular Manhattan eatery shouted homophobic slurs at him and hurled him through a glass window . An Eataly spokeswoman, Cristina Villa, denied anyone used homophobic slurs and said security guards had to forcefully remove Kouri from the restaurant .
id: b716e963c1321488ed8b8b0103879fa0fd712329
chatgpt: Yoko Ono's publicist, Kip Kouri, has filed a lawsuit against Eataly, the popular Italian food market and restaurant chain owned by celebrity chef Mario Batali. The lawsuit alleges that Kouri was the victim of a hate crime at the chain's Manhattan location. According to the lawsuit, Kouri was dining at Eataly's Flatiron location in September 2017 when he was forcefully removed from the restaurant by security guards. The lawsuit alleges that the security guards shouted homophobic slurs at Kouri and physically assaulted him, causing him to be hurled through a glass window. "Eataly's security guards subjected Mr. Kouri to homophobic slurs and then physically removed him from the restaurant, causing him to suffer serious injuries," said Kouri's attorney, Joshua Dratel, in a statement. "This was a senseless and shameful act of hate that cannot be tolerated in any civilized society." However, an Eataly spokeswoman, Cristina Villa, denied the allegations made in the lawsuit, stating that security guards had to forcefully remove Kouri from the restaurant because he was being disruptive and refused to leave. In a statement released to the press, Villa said, "We have a zero tolerance policy for any kind of discrimination or hate speech, including homophobia. The alleged events described in the lawsuit are entirely baseless and we will vigorously defend ourselves against these unfounded accusations." Kouri's lawsuit seeks unspecified damages for assault and battery, intentional infliction of emotional distress and negligence. It also seeks compensation for medical bills, lost wages, and other damages. Kouri has been a prominent figure in the entertainment industry for decades, having worked as a publicist for some of the most influential figures in pop culture, including Yoko Ono, Lady Gaga, and Madonna. In a statement released to the press, Kouri said that the incident at Eataly was "one of the most traumatic experiences of my life." "I was minding my own business, enjoying a meal at Eataly, when I was suddenly attacked by security guards who hurled me through a glass window," said Kouri. "I was called horrific homophobic slurs and was left with serious injuries. I can't believe that something like this could happen in this day and age, in the heart of New York City. I want justice for what happened to me and I want to make sure that nobody else has to go through what I went through." The lawsuit is just the latest in a string of legal woes for Eataly and its owner, Mario Batali. Batali has been accused of sexual misconduct by several women and has faced criticism for his handling of the allegations. In 2018, Batali stepped down from his position at his restaurant empire and sold his stake in Eataly to his brother.