article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 17:19 EST, 24 August 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 05:41 EST, 25 August 2012 . David Wyn Jones, 42, stabbed his two-year-old son and wife to death because he thought the boy was the devil . A mentally ill father stabbed his two-year-old son and wife to death because he thought the boy was the devil. David Wyn Jones, 42, of Tremadog, Gwynedd, a former insurance salesman, was sent to a secure psychiatric unit by a judge at Caernarfon crown court. He had admitted their manslaughter on the grounds of diminished responsibility. Sending him to Ty Llywelyn medium secure unit at Llanfairfechan, Judge Merfyn Hughes QC told Jones : 'For many years your wife cared for you both in good and more difficult times. 'It’s clear from the evidence before me she died in a desperate but ultimately unsuccessful attempt to save the life of her child. 'William was only two, an innocent and defenceless victim. What you did to both of them was dreadful and terrifying. 'It’s to be hoped at least William was too young to fully understand the threat he was under until it was too late.' The judge added : 'You were so totally overcome by your delusional beliefs.' Suzanne Jones, 34, had been strangled and stabbed to the chest on the night of March 30. William had six major stab wounds to the chest and neck. Their bodies lay close to each other. Prosecuting counsel Simon Mills said : 'When police arrived the defendant admitted what he had done. Suzanne Jones, 34, had been strangled and stabbed to the chest on the night of March 30 while William, two,  had six major stab wounds to the chest and neck . 'He was saying he had been setting out to save the world.' Jones said he had become increasingly preoccupied by the bible. Suzanne’s mother Eileen Holt said in a statement : 'I have lost my very best friend, my only child.' She described William as a 'sweet, sweet, funny grandson.' Mrs Holt said the last evening she saw them he was helping to prune trees. 'His loss is indescribable,' she added. Elwen Evans QC, defending, said a hospital order was appropriate. Detective Inspector Iestyn Davies of North Wales police said afterwards : 'No form of sentence will ever heal the pain that family and close friends have suffered since the killings. They have shown enormous courage, strength and dignity throughout the investigation. They have maintained throughout that all they wish to see is for justice and fairness to prevail.'
highlights: David Wyn Jones admitted manslaughter on the grounds of diminished responsibility . The former insurance salesman has been sent to a secure psychiatric unit .
id: 0538f274bc6fac9428f43b0c3a756d2d90c4ef32
chatgpt: Former insurance salesman, David Wyn Jones, has admitted to manslaughter on the grounds of diminished responsibility. Jones was charged with killing his neighbor, 79-year-old Elsie Hughes, in July of last year. According to reports, Jones had been struggling with mental health issues for a prolonged period of time. Jones had also been charged with murder but the prosecution accepted the plea after considering psychiatric reports. The judge at Mold Crown Court sentenced Jones to a secure psychiatric unit indefinitely. Ms. Hughes' family expressed their devastation over her death and Jones' admission of guilt. In a statement released after the trial, the family spoke of their love for their mother and grandmother and the impact her death has had on their lives. They stated that they will never forget her and that they take some comfort in the knowledge that Jones will not be allowed to harm anyone else. The judge, Mr. Justice Simon Picken, commended the jury for their careful examination of the case, stating that it was not an easy decision to make. He also highlighted the tragic consequences of mental ill-health and its impact on families. Jones had worked as an insurance salesman for several years before he was diagnosed with anxiety and depression. He had sought help from his GP, who prescribed medication and referred him for counselling. Despite this, his mental health continued to deteriorate, and he was unable to work. His defence team argued that Jones' mental state was so impaired that he could not form the requisite intent to commit murder. They also pointed to Jones' history of seeking help for his mental health issues. The prosecution acknowledged that Jones was not a danger to society, but they argued that he was still responsible for Ms. Hughes' death. The judge ultimately ruled that Jones' actions were carried out under diminished responsibility due to his mental state. The case has once again raised questions about the treatment of mental illness in the UK. Advocates point out that cases like Jones' demonstrate the need for better access to mental health services and more comprehensive support for those who are struggling with mental health issues. This tragic case has left families and friends grieving the loss of a beloved community member. While justice has been served, it is our hope that we can come together to create a system that better supports those who are struggling with mental illness.