article: (CNN) -- Stephen McCullough and his partner, Brandon Hembree, lost just about everything in their second-story Joplin apartment, but they're not dwelling on that -- they're just glad to be alive. "I thought we were going to collapse and end up on the first floor," McCullough said, recounting the few minutes the two of them spent huddled in the corner of their bathroom. "I still think I'm a little in shock. I've had some tearful times." It's hard to even fathom how someone could return to work the day after a tornado like this, but particularly for someone with a job like McCullough's: He works as a crisis counselor, helping people cope with disasters. "[Sometimes it's] a little difficult hearing other stories," McCullough admitted. "But it just feels normal to help other people, and it kind of helps me not focus on everything [at home]." "But you just go through it, try to breathe and focus on what you can do for them," he said. "You kind of have to compartmentalize things, you know? This [here at home] is different than what I'm having to do at work." McCullough works at Ozark Center, the area's largest behavioral health care provider, where Debbie Fitzgerald supervises crisis intervention services. She said now that the initial shock is starting to subside, more people are seeking professional help for their mental well-being. "It's been the toughest four or five days of my entire career," Fitzgerald said, adding that this Wednesday, they saw four times the normal customer volume. "Really, all anyone wants is a happy life, and right now, I don't think there are very many in Joplin." "Most of them are searching for a loved one or have lost everything." Difficulty sleeping, an inability to focus or concentrate, and a lack of (or increase) in appetite are all signs that it may be time to meet with a counselor. "The effects emotionally on even the rescue workers and those still searching are just so overwhelming for everyone, even those of us trying to help them cope," Fitzgerald said. Case in point: McCullough said that even he wanted the tables turned on him and asked colleagues for a debriefing session of his own. "It's helpful. It kind of helps me refocus and get back in the game." Ozark Center's toll-free hotline is 800-247-0661. The center prefers that customers call before visiting, but walk-ins are welcome. The building where the counselors typically work was destroyed in the tornado, so Ozark Center is operating its crisis prevention facility in Freeman Hospital's third-floor patient education room. Counseling services are free.
highlights: Stephen McCullough and his partner lost just about everything in their Joplin apartment . "I still think I'm a little in shock. I've had some tearful times," he said . But he returned to work the day after the city's devastating tornado . He says it can be tough to listen to others' troubles, but doing so takes his mind off his own .
id: 7cd54fe96de3d7d94243834decc1165beb257827
chatgpt: Joplin, Missouri - Stephen McCullough and his partner, like so many other residents of Joplin, had their lives completely uprooted by the devastating tornado that hit this small town. Their apartment, along with nearly everything they owned, was destroyed. "I still think I'm a little in shock. I've had some tearful times," McCullough candidly admits. Yet, despite the heartbreak, McCullough found it within himself to return to work the day after the tornado hit. As a mental health professional, his services were suddenly in high demand. Countless residents were struggling to cope with the aftermath of the disaster, and McCullough was there to help. "It can be tough to listen to others' troubles," McCullough reveals. "But doing so takes my mind off my own." And, in the days and weeks following the tornado, McCullough had plenty of people to help. The stories of loss and despair were abundant. For so many Joplin residents, the tornado was an unthinkable tragedy. Entire neighborhoods were leveled, and the death toll was staggering. But through it all, McCullough remained a steady voice of comfort and stability. For McCullough, the work is personal. He lost just about everything in the tornado, too. Yet, he refuses to let his own problems get in the way of his duty to serve others. "I know there are people out there who are hurting even more than I am," McCullough says. As the city begins to rebuild, McCullough's work remains critical. Mental health services are a vital component of recovery, and McCullough is one of many professionals who are there to help. It's a daunting task, but McCullough has no intention of backing down. In times of crisis, it's people like Stephen McCullough who give us hope. Through his selflessness and compassion, he serves as a reminder that, even in the darkest of moments, there is still goodness to be found.