article: Brazil’s . poster boy was his all-action self against Mexico in Fortaleza’s Estadio . Castelao but the opposition’s dirty tactics minimised his impact as . Brazil struggled to battle their way past their stubborn fellow group . leaders. Neymar couldn't help but show his emotions as his nation's national . anthem played - Brazil's star man burst into tears as the players . lined-up before the match and had to wipe his eyes ahead of kick-off. The . brilliant number 10 failed to add to his 33 goals in 50 games but time . and again almost inspired the Selecao to a narrow victory, only to be . foiled one way or another by Guillermo Ochoa. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Ochoa brilliance denies Brazil . Emotional: Brazil star Neymar cried during his country's national anthem ahead of Tuesday's clash with Mexico . Flying high: Neymar climbs above veteran Mexico star Rafael Marquez to fire a header towards goal . Equal to it: Mexico goalkeeper Guillermo Ochoa was forced into making a brilliant save to deny Neymar . Despite being kicked all over the park, Neymar had one of Brazil’s best efforts - when Ochoa brilliantly tipped away his 26th minute header - and created the other by putting the ball on Thiago Silva’s head from a 85th minute freekick. The newly blond forward also had a volley well saved and looked the most likely to break the deadlock for either side, despite being tripled-marked at times. His 26th minute header was destined for the corner of the Mexico net before Ochoa brilliantly scooped it out in one of the best tests of FIFA’s new goalline technology. That moment summed up the 22-year-old’s evening as he showed his undoubted skill but was often thwarted by enthusiastic opponents both within and out of the laws of the game. VIDEO Ochoa brilliance denies Brazil . Come on! Neymar bids to lift the crowd at the Arena Castelao as Brazil tried to break the deadlock . Close control: Neymar holds off the challenge of Mexico midfielder Andres Guardado . Man in the middle: Neymar races forward with the ball but is surrounded by three Mexico players . In truth, . Neymar is perhaps fortunate to have come out of the game unscathed given . the tenacity of the challenges flying in at his ankles. But . the lack of a goal to boost him in the Golden Boot stakes will have . disappointed many punters as well as the Brazilian public. Ultimately, . Mexico showed that teams CAN stop Neymar – it just takes some astute . goalkeeping and some risky challenges. Cameroon might not be so lucky in . Brazil’s final group game. Tricky: Neymar pulls Mexico defender Paul Aguilar one way and then the other during the Group A clash . Grounded: Neymar falls to the floor under the challenge of Mexico defender Francisco Rodriguez . Sitting it out: Neymar lands on Mexico midfielder Jose Juan Vazquez following another tackle .
highlights: Neymar's impact was minimised by Mexico's dirty tactics at the Estadio Castelao . Brazil star burst in tears during his nation's national anthem . Barcelona frontman went close but was denied by the heroics of Mexico goalkeeper Guillermo Ochoa .
id: ab6ccc5c118146f658be3b6b57ae291fe264b9d6
chatgpt: In a tense World Cup encounter between Brazil and Mexico at the Estadio Castelao, Neymar's influence on the game was minimized by Mexico's physical and dirty tactics. The Brazil star, who was expected to make a major impact in the game, burst into tears during his country's national anthem, perhaps reflecting the immense pressure and expectations that were placed on him. As the game began, Brazil took control of possession, with Neymar driving the midfield forward. However, Mexico's relentless tackling and rough play made it difficult for Neymar to create chances and get into dangerous positions. Mexican defenders were intent on fouling the Brazilian No. 10 at every opportunity, disrupting the flow of the game and frustrating the Brazilian supporters. As the first half wore on, it became clear that Mexico was denying Neymar the space and time he needs to operate at his best. The Barcelona frontman tried to break through, but his attempts were denied by the heroics of Mexican goalkeeper Guillermo Ochoa. Ochoa made two crucial saves to keep Brazil at bay, denying Neymar twice from close range. The veteran keeper was the standout player for Mexico, making several important saves to keep his team in the game. Despite Brazil's possession dominance, Mexico was able to create some very good chances themselves. Mexico's Hirving Lozano was a constant threat, using his speed to get past the Brazilian defenders and create opportunities for his teammates. Brazil's defense was put under some significant pressure, but their keeper, Alisson, was able to keep the ball out of the net. As the match headed into the second half, Brazil continued to look for openings, but they were unable to find a way past Ochoa. Meanwhile, Mexico's physical play continued, with several high-profile fouls and incidents that drew the ire of the Brazilian fans. Neymar, in particular, was targeted by the Mexican defenders, with some hard tackles and late challenges that left him frustrated and out of sorts. In the final minutes, Brazil ramped up the pressure, but Mexico held on for a well-deserved draw. While Brazil had the better of the possession and the chances, they were unable to break down Mexico's defense, thanks largely to the heroics of Ochoa. Neymar's impact on the game was minimized by Mexico's dirty tactics, as he was unable to fully showcase his skill and creativity. Overall, the match was a tense and physical affair, with both teams struggling to assert themselves. While Brazil had the more talented side, they were unable to overcome Mexico's determined defense and the outstanding performance of Ochoa. The match highlighted the importance of discipline and strategy in international football, as well as the impact of emotions and pressure on superstar players like Neymar.