article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . and Reuters . More than 46,000 drug offenders will be eligible for early release from federal prison under an amendment to sentencing guidelines passed on Friday by a U.S. judiciary agency - unless Congress blocks the change. The U.S. Sentencing Commission voted unanimously to make 46,290 drug offenders eligible for review by federal judges to determine if the sentences can be reduced without jeopardizing public safety. The commission expects eligible candidates to receive an average of 25 months off of their sentences beginning in November 2015, making retroactive an amendment to sentencing guidelines passed earlier this year. Mandatory: More than 46,000 non-violent drug offenders could be released from federal prisons like Butner Federal prison in North Carolina . Early release: Attorney General Eric Holder announces that tens of thousands of non-violent drug offenders are now eligible for early release . Congress has the authority to block both amendments by Nov. 1 of this year. 'Making these new guidelines retroactive will offer relief to thousands of people who received overly harsh sentences under the old sentencing guidelines,' said Jesselyn McCurdy, senior legislative counsel at the American Civil Liberties Union, which has advocated sentencing reform. Support for efforts to reduce sentences has grown in Congress and the Obama administration as U.S. crime rates have declined dramatically from levels three decades ago. Attorney General Eric Holder issued a memo in August 2013 telling federal prosecutors they should no longer pursue mandatory minimum sentences for certain low-level, nonviolent drug offenders. Bipartisan: Conservative Utah Senator Mike Lee co-sponsored a bill that would end mandatory minimum sentences for non-violent drug offenders . Mandy Martinson is serving 15 years in federal prison for helping her dealer-boyfriend in exchange for feeding her methamphetamine addiction. The judge did not agree with her sentence . Weldon Angelos is serving a mandatory 55 years in prison for selling a few pounds of marijuana while possessing a firearm . A bill in Congress that would eliminate mandatory minimum sentences for nonviolent drug offenders has strong bipartisan support, including from conservative Senator Mike Lee, who sponsored the bill. 'It is as if all the branches of government woke up this year and figured out something that had to be done about the problems associated with over-incarceration,' said Mary Price, general counsel for Families Against Mandatory Minimums. Opponents of sentencing reform include law enforcement officers, prosecutors and some lawmakers, who warn that reducing sentences could cause crime rates to rise. A majority of U.S. Attorneys opposed the amendment passed Friday, according to a source familiar with the process, on the grounds that they did not want change drug sentences previously handed down. Holder, however, applauded the commission's decision in a statement released Friday. At the state level, including such conservative places as Texas and South Carolina, sentences for drug offenders have been cut to address overcrowding in prisons and stretched budgets. Research from the Pew Charitable Trusts shows that reductions in those states' prison populations have had no effect on public safety.
highlights: The U.S. Sentencing Commission voted unanimously to make 46,290 drug offenders eligible for review by federal judges . Many of those imprisoned are serving mandatory minimum sentences for non-violent drug offenses . A bipartisan bill currently is in Congress that would due away with mandatory minimums for non-violent drug offenders .
id: 5f50cc2924a93fa4626545a95423690c9ea3b3c7
chatgpt: The U.S. Sentencing Commission has made a landmark decision that could affect more than 46,000 prisoners currently being held for non-violent drug offenses. In a unanimous vote, the commission ruled to allow these offenders to be reviewed by federal judges. Many of these prisoners are serving mandatory minimum sentences, which have drawn criticism from both sides of the political aisle. These sentences require judges to impose a predetermined term of imprisonment, regardless of individual circumstances or the severity of the crime. The Commission's decision is expected to have a significant impact, particularly given the current push for criminal justice reform in the U.S. The move has been widely praised by advocates for sentencing reform, who have long argued that non-violent drug offenders should not be subjected to harsh and inflexible mandatory minimums. Advocates point out that the change should allow judges greater discretion in sentencing, considering factors like the nature of the offense, the offender's background, and other mitigating factors. This will enable a more individualized approach to criminal justice, which could lead to fairer outcomes and better outcomes for those being punished. This latest development has come on the back of bipartisan efforts to overhaul federal sentencing laws, with a number of bills currently under review in Congress. One such bill, introduced by Senators Rand Paul and Cory Booker, seeks to abolish mandatory minimums for non-violent drug offenses altogether. Supporters of this approach argue that mandatory minimums are a relic of the "tough-on-crime" era, which often led to the unjust imprisonment of people who posed no real threat to society. By eliminating these sentences, lawmakers believe that they can reduce the number of people in prison without compromising public safety. The Commission's latest decision is expected to be welcomed by those who have been affected by mandatory minimums. Many prisoners have been appealing for their cases to be reviewed with the hope of having their sentences reduced or even overturned. The impact of this change can be seen in the figures. Prior to the vote, around 2,500 non-violent drug offenders were subject to mandatory minimums. Following the decision, this number is expected to rise to more than 46,000. Despite this progress, there is still much work to be done in achieving comprehensive sentencing reform. Many lawmakers remain hesitant to support a full repeal of mandatory minimums, citing concerns about public safety and the need to maintain law and order. Advocates of reform must continue to make their voices heard, however, if they hope to achieve true justice for those affected by the current system. With this latest decision by the Commission, it seems likely that momentum for change will continue to grow in the years to come.