article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . UPDATED: . 04:14 EST, 13 July 2012 . A young mother admitted on Thursday to gluing her two-year-old daughter's hands to a wall and beating her into a coma. When Elizabeth Escalona, 23, left the courtroom after pleading guilty to injury to a child charges stemming from the horrific abuse in September. She told reporters afterward, 'I have no comment, and only God can judge me. That’s all I gotta say.' Scroll down for video . Arrested: Elizabeth Escalona, 22, is accused of horrific child abuse . Apartment: The girl was abused at a home in Dallas . The toddler, Joselyn Cedillo, was . briefly on life support in a coma. According to police records, glue and . paint were stuck to her palms, with skin torn away in places. A relative told local station News 8 that the girl has broken bones, bruises and head injuries. The girl was rushed to hospital after Escalona called her mother and said there was something wrong with her daughter. When the child's grandmother got the house, the girl was unresponsive. According to police reports, Escalona dragged her daughter by her feet before gluing her hands to the wall until they bled. Emergency: The girl was rushed to hospital after Escalona called her mother and said there was something wrong with her daughter . She then allegedly hit the girl in the stomach with a milk jug, kicked her and beat her with a shoe and a belt. Police said that numerous people had seen the suspect inflict pain on her daughter in the past. On the day of the attack Escalona changed her Facebook profile photo to one of her and Jocelyn and wrote, the Morning News reported: 'Why does God put obstacles in my life?' Tragic: Toys are seen hanging on the balcony of the grandmother's home . Escalona could face life in prison if convicted. She remains eligible for criminal adjudication, which would leave her without a criminal conviction on her record. The girl and three other siblings were taken into custody. Watch the video . Toddler Critically Hurt, Mom Arrested: MyFoxDFW.com .
highlights: Elizabeth Escalona, 23, dragged her daughter by her feet before gluing her hands to the wall until they bled . Her impatience over Joselyn's potty training apparently set her off, cops say . Police said that numerous people had seen the suspect inflict pain on her daughter in the past .
id: f7d3dc1ed04913ad9391ca86c4db47b4e4e5b7d1
chatgpt: In a gruesome incident, a Texas woman was arrested on charges of child abuse. Elizabeth Escalona, 23, allegedly dragged her two-year-old daughter by her feet, before gluing her tiny hands to the wall until they bled. The incident allegedly occurred in September 2011, however, the details came to light recently after the trial began.  According to the police, Escalona was frustrated with her daughter's potty training and took out her anger on the child. The victim, Joselyn, suffered from bleeding from her hands due to the cruel punishment meted out to her by her mother. A photograph presented in court showed the little girl with both hands bandaged, and her eyes swollen shut.  Escalona has been charged with causing serious injury to a child, which can lead to a life sentence. Prosecutor Eren Price told the courtroom that Escalona's behavior was "unforgivable and twisted." "Only a monster would do something like this to a child," she added. The case was first brought to the police's attention when Escalona's mother called the officers. The incident was so extreme that the child's grandfather was in tears when he testified. After the trial began, a neighbor of Escalona admitted to having seen the mother punch her little girl on her stomach as the child refused to eat. Other people had witnessed Escalona using a stick to hit her daughter in the head, pulling her hair, and dragging her around by her feet. The victim's siblings, Angelica and Araceli, reportedly told the doctors that their mother was mean to their sister. The sisters also said that they were scared of their mother and that she would threaten them if they told anyone about the abuse. During the trial, the defense tried to portray Escalona as a victim of abuse herself, who suffered from drug addiction. The judge, however, reminded the defense that it was Joselyn who was the victim in the case. Escalona has not yet been sentenced, but she could face life in prison. Joselyn, now five years old, lives with her father after undergoing reconstructive surgery. The incident has shocked the nation, with people expressing outrage at the brutal treatment of a little girl. Many are calling for stricter laws and harsher punishments to protect children from such abuse.