article: (CNN) -- The deaths of more than 70 football fans shortly after a match between Cairo's Al Ahly club and the Al Masry club in Port Said, Egypt, shocked the world. More than 1,000 more were injured in scenes that will leave an indelible mark on post-revolution Egypt -- because in Egypt soccer matters perhaps more than anywhere. Passions have always run high in Egyptian football. The Cairo derby between Al Ahly and their rivals Zamalek is the biggest football match in Africa, and has to be held at a neutral venue, usually with a neutral foreign referee, to combat a history of enmity and violence. Egypt in mourning as death toll rises . In 2009, a World Cup qualifier between Egypt and Algeria sparked riots in Cairo, Algiers and beyond. But domestic football has also been on the frontline during the revolution that toppled former president Hosni Mubarak last year. For the past five years, highly organized and anti-authoritarian fan groups of "Ultras," especially from Al Ahly and Zamalek, have been in conflict with the police at football grounds, objecting to the heavy handed treatment meted out to them by Mubarak's forces. In a country that had little public space, there were two forums for dissent: the mosque and the football stadium. "The whole concept of any independent organization didn't exist, not unions, not political parties," explained the leader of the Al Ahly ultras last April. See high-res images of the riots . "Then we started to organize football ultras ... to them it was the youth, in big numbers -- very smart people -- who could mobilize themselves quickly. They feared us." When the revolution began, the groups joined forces and led many of the protests in Cairo's Tahrir Square. Some even credit the ultras with a major role in several of the key battles. But that hasn't endeared them to the authorities post revolution. How football fans toppled Mubarak . Since February, violence has continued to blight the game. The Egyptian Football Association even considered canceling last season's league. Much of that was blamed on the security vacuum left when Mubarak's hated police force melted back in to the population. Although other people -- and many within Egypt's ruling Supreme Council of the Armed Forces [SCAF] -- view the ultras as the problem. CNN Arabic . In that context, the deaths of 79 fans -- most if not all hailing from Al Ahly -- at a football match will leave many within Egypt questioning how and why this has happened as the police watched on. SCAF has ordered the cancellation of the league as they deal with the worst civil disturbance to hit Egypt since the revolution. Al Ahly's fans announced three days of mourning and took to the streets to protest, demanding answers. Wednesday's tragedy will reverberate far beyond the pitch. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of James Montague.
highlights: Egypt's health ministry says 79 people were killed in Wednesday's clashes . Matches between Cairo's top clubs, Al Ahly and Zamalek, have history of violence . Anti-authoritarian fan groups of "Ultras" accused Mubarak regime of heavy handed treatment . When revolution began, groups joined forces and led many of the Cairo protests .
id: 97faf1baf6680261431d5eb605475c8afb683e50
chatgpt: Egyptian authorities have confirmed that 79 people died in clashes between rival football fans in Cairo on Wednesday. The matches between Al Ahly and Zamalek, two of the country's top clubs, have a long history of violence, but this latest incident is one of the deadliest in recent years. The clashes started outside the stadium before the match even began, with fans from both sides throwing rocks and fireworks at each other. Violence then broke out inside the stadium during the match, with fans attacking each other with knives, swords and other weapons. The Egyptian health ministry said that 79 people were killed in the clashes, and over 1,000 others were injured. Many of the victims suffered stab wounds or were trampled to death in the chaos. Football violence in Egypt has been going on for years, with tensions between the two teams exacerbated by political unrest in the country. Anti-authoritarian fan groups known as "Ultras" have accused the former Mubarak regime of heavy-handed treatment, and when the revolution began, these groups joined forces and led many of the protests in Cairo. The Ultras are seen as a powerful force in Egyptian society, and their influence extends beyond the football pitch. They have been at the forefront of many of the country's recent protests, and are widely regarded as some of the most organized and militant opponents of the government. The violence at Wednesday's match was particularly brutal, with fans from both sides using knives, swords and other weapons to attack each other. The police were also heavily involved, firing tear gas into the crowds, but their efforts were largely unsuccessful in stopping the violence. The Egyptian government has condemned the violence and has promised to take action to prevent similar incidents in the future. "We will not allow such incidents to happen again," said a spokesperson for the government. The incident has also prompted calls for the Egyptian football authorities to do more to prevent violence at matches. Many fans have accused the authorities of not doing enough to ensure their safety, and say that more needs to be done to stop rival fans from bringing weapons to matches. The Ultras have issued a statement in response to the violence, condemning the police for their heavy-handed tactics and calling for an end to violence at football matches. "We will not be intimidated by the police or anyone else," said the statement. "We will continue to fight for our rights and for the rights of all Egyptians." The Egyptian government has promised to investigate the incident and bring those responsible for the violence to justice. It remains to be seen whether this will be enough to prevent similar incidents in the future, or whether the country's long-standing issues with football violence will continue to haunt it for years to come.