article: (CNN)I am all in. Go Patriots. Win. By a lot. Some of you who follow this space will know I have had a somewhat tortured two weeks reconciling my genetic predisposition to be a Patriots fan, with my disdain for breaking the rules. (Some of you probably don't give a crap what I think, and if that is the case, then I am happy to be wasting your time.) I still believe that if the Patriots had air taken out of the footballs intentionally, then it is cheating. Repeat: if they did it, they cheated. And that is bad. Very bad. And cheering for them would fill me with guilt and remorse. (See here.) However, I also believe, that if there is no proof that they did it, then there is simply no justification to penalize them, sanction them, or even criticize them. There really needs to be proof that someone took some sort of affirmative action deflate those footballs. The existence of an underinflated football is not a violation. It is the act of deflating it, or causing it to be deflated that is the infraction (yes, I once applied to law school). We don't have proof. Not yet. Accordingly, until there is proof, I believe every Patriots fan should root like hell for them.  Lose your voice, burst your spleen, strain a hamstring; do whatever you can to get them into the end zone Sunday night. I will wear my Tom Brady jersey with honor and pride. And none of these actions or beliefs is inconsistent. In fact, I think this is the most reasonable, rational, objective position to take. If they cheated, it's bad. Right now, there is no proof they cheated. I know that there are members of Patriots Nation who refuse to even acknowledge the possibility that they cheated.  There are also members of the "snark lobby," who think too much is being made of all this. On the flip side there are Patriots-haters who think that Bill Belichick only lies when he speaks or breathes. And that Tom Brady only achieved anything through subterfuge and favoritism. In my opinion, all of these views are wrong. And I am only glad you have each other to collectively fester in your pool of myopic loathing (hyperbole added in the spirit of competition!). If they cheated, it's bad. Right now, while the NFL continues its investigation, there is no proof they cheated. So go Patriots. Crush the Seahawks with firm balls all above 12.5 PSI. Win big. I am cheering for you 112.5% percent. But after the fact, if it turns out you did cheat in the AFC Championship game? Well, I will feel angry and guilty and you should be punished. That makes sense. And I do too. Probably.
highlights: John Berman: Until there is proof they cheated, the Patriots deserve fans' support . The deflated balls don't prove wrongdoing without more evidence, he says .
id: 2afb65c2f266bef354619d89bd9906c17f013bfe
chatgpt: John Berman, the co-host of CNN's New Day, has voiced his support for the New England Patriots amid ongoing accusations of cheating. Berman was quick to point out that until there is concrete evidence of wrongdoing, the Patriots deserve the unwavering support of their fans. The accusations stem from allegations that the Patriots were using intentionally deflated footballs during their 2015 AFC championship game against the Indianapolis Colts. While the NFL did find evidence of underinflated balls, they were unable to definitively prove that the Patriots had tampered with them. Berman argues that, without concrete evidence linking the Patriots to the deflated balls, fans should continue to support their team. He acknowledges that there is a lot of circumstantial evidence against the Patriots, but says it is not enough to prove wrongdoing. "There's no smoking gun," Berman said on New Day. "There's no proof that they cheated. And until there is proof that they cheated, they deserve our support." He goes on to explain that, while it is reasonable to question the Patriots' actions, fans should be careful not to jump to conclusions. He acknowledges that there are many fans who believe the Patriots cheated, and says they are entitled to their opinion. However, he believes that fans should wait until all the facts are in before making a final judgment. "The Patriots have been an incredible team for many years," Berman said. "They have always played within the rules, and until there is definitive evidence that they cheated, we should continue to support our team." Berman's comments have been met with mixed reactions from fans and analysts. Some have praised him for his thoughtful reasoning and measured approach, while others have criticized him for blindly supporting the Patriots. Regardless of one's opinion on the matter, it is clear that the allegations against the Patriots have had a significant impact on the team and its fans. The Patriots have been fined and penalized, and their legacy has been tainted by these accusations. However, until there is concrete evidence linking the team to wrongdoing, fans should continue to support their team through thick and thin. As the investigation continues, it remains to be seen what evidence will come to light. In the meantime, fans of the New England Patriots will continue to show their support for their team, whether on the field or off.