article: A brave moggy, called Sally, has received hero status after it saved its owner from his burning home. 49 year old Craig Jeeves was alerted to the fire in his Wandin North home in Melbourne early Monday morning when his pet cat screamed at him and woke him up. It allowed the man to realise the danger he was in before he managed to escape his burning home. SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . Hero cat 'Sally' saves her owner Craig Jeevse (pictured) from his burning house . Craig Jeeves was alerted to the fire in his Wandin North home in Melbourne early Monday morning when his pet cat screamed at him and woke him up. 'She jumped on my head and was screaming at me,' he told the Nine Network. CFA operations manager Jason Lawrence said it was just after one o'clock this morning the brigade from Wandin responded to the fire. Fire Crews, who found Mr Jeeves in the bushes outside his home when they arrived, said he was very lucky to be alive. 'The building was largely involved in fire, flames were coming out of the window and walls,' he said. The size of the fire meant the unit had to call for backup. Craig Jeeves hugs his cat 'Sally' after she saved him from his burning house . 'She jumped on my head and was screaming at me,' owner Craig Jeeves told the Nine Network. 'The CFA proceeded to fight the fire from the exterior and hosing down the building. Then neighbouring crews arrived with breathing apparatus.' It took fire crews more than half an hour to put out the blaze. There was fairly extensive damage, with an estimated 70 to 80 percent of the house gutted. 'The cause is being investigated but it's looking like possibly a heating appliance.' Mr Lawrence said. The cat's owner, Mr Jeeves, lost everything but escaped relatively unharmed. He was treated for minor shock and smoke inhalation and will be staying with neighbours until he is able to rebuild the property. 'I'm happy to be alive but you can't replace the memories,' he said. The CFA estimated 70-80% of the home was damaged. A brave moggy from Melbourne, called Sally, has received hero status after it saved its owner this home which was severely damaged in a housefire . CFA say the cause is being investigated but it's possibly due to an electrical appliance .
highlights: Cat called 'Sally' has saved its owner from a burning home in Melbourne . Owner Craig Jeeves said his cat 'screamed' and woke him up . 70-80% of the Wandin North home was damaged . Mr Jeeves was unharmed but was treated for shock .
id: abf5a5363473ca28178d21aeed88ad37eab31e3c
chatgpt: In a heartwarming tale, a cat named 'Sally' has emerged as the hero of the day after saving her owner's life from a devastating fire that engulfed a home in Melbourne's Wandin North neighborhood. According to the owner, Craig Jeeves, he was sound asleep when his feline companion began to scream, alerting him to the unfolding disaster. Mr. Jeeves quickly realized that his home was engulfed in flames and made a frantic dash to escape with his cat. The fire that broke out in the middle of the night did significant damage to the house, with 70-80% of the building being destroyed. But thanks to Sally's prompt actions, Mr. Jeeves emerged unscathed from this terrifying ordeal. Speaking to reporters after the incident, Mr. Jeeves recounted his narrow escape from the fire, saying that he owes his life to his cat. He stated that he was treated for shock at the scene but was grateful to be alive. Despite the traumatizing experience, Mr. Jeeves appeared relieved and grateful that he had his cat by his side at the time of the disaster. Neighbors and local residents have hailed Sally as the hero of the hour, with many leaving cards and treats for her at the scene of the fire. The brave feline has earned an outpouring of love and support from the community for her quick thinking and life-saving actions. This extraordinary story once again highlights the unbreakable bond between humans and their pets. Animals continue to amaze us with their heroism and bravery, and we must always cherish and protect them at all times. In conclusion, Sally's incredible act of heroism has proven that sometimes animals are more than just mere companions. They can be our protectors, our guardians, and even our lifesavers when the situation calls for it. The residents of Wandin North and the wider community will not forget Sally's bravery anytime soon, and her story will continue to inspire and captivate people from all walks of life.