article: (CNN) -- The F1 title race may have taken a potentially decisive twist Sunday as Lewis Hamilton took ruthless advantage of the misfortune which befell Mercedes teammate and bitter rival Nico Rosberg to win under the Singapore floodlights and leapfrog him in the standings. Rosberg, who led by a commanding 22 points coming into the 14th round of the championship, was left stranded in the pit lane after failing to move off his second spot on the grid for the formation lap and later retired as the electrical malfunction could not be remedied. Hamilton, who has won two straight races after claiming the Italian Grand Prix earlier this month, has taken a three-point advantage over Rosberg, with five races remaining. He was made to work for his victory by four-time reigning champion Sebastian Vettel, who took the lead after Hamilton pitted for fresh tires in the closing stages, but could not hold off the charging Briton, who eventually won by over 13 seconds. It was his seventh win of the season with Vettel and his Red Bull teammate Daniel Ricciardo completing the podium. Ferrari's Fernando Alonso and his former teammate Felipe Massa, now with Williams, claimed fourth and fifth. Frenchman Jean-Eric Vergne, who is set to be replaced at Toro Rosso by 16-year-old Dutchman Max Verstappen next year, finished sixth, holding off a fast-finishing Mexican Sergio Perez of Force India. Kimi Raikkonen in the second Ferrari, Nico Hulkenberg for Force India and McLaren's Kevin Magnussen completed the points scoring on the Marina Bay street circuit. Hamilton, who has taken over in the title lead for the first time since May, was delighted by the reversal of fortunes on claiming his 29th career F1 win. "Things have changed for me absolutely. I looked for a clean weekend and this was it. We always strive to get both cars 1-2 that was our goal, so things still to work on," he said during the podium presentations. Rosberg also acknowledged that despite the dominance of Mercedes they still had work to do, with the German the victim of misfortune this time. "Sitting on the grid, seeing everybody go by was a horrible feeling," he admitted. "Reliability has again proven a weakness, which is something we must improve on." They will head to the 15th round at Suzuka, Japan in a fortnight with the momentum now with Hamilton, who is looking to add to his 2008 championship triumph with McLaren. Interactive: Take a tour of Marina Bay circuit .
highlights: Lewis Hamilton wins Singapore Grand Prix . Takes over at top of the F1 standings . Mercedes teammate Nico Rosberg forced out of race early . Sebastian Vettel takes second for Red Bull .
id: 3fdf4065edcf9551a398b0353e8106ce2313e66c
chatgpt: Lewis Hamilton captured his seventh win of the season on Sunday night, taking over at the top of the Formula One standings with his victory at the Singapore Grand Prix. With the likes of Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel and Red Bull's Max Verstappen expected to pose significant threats, Hamilton faced a real challenge heading into this race. However, he seemed to feel at home in Singapore, demonstrating his ultimate skill and poise to come out on top. Hamilton's Mercedes teammate, Nico Rosberg, unfortunately couldn't sustain his push for the championship as his car broke down on the 14th lap, forcing him out of the race. That left the door open for Hamilton to capitalize on the situation. Meanwhile, Vettel, who had qualified in second place, was determined to put up a fight. He trailed Hamilton for much of the race, but the four-time world champion maintained his focus, keeping the pressure on Hamilton. Eventually, Hamilton's lead was too much to overcome, as his car maintained its reliability in the final stages. This was Hamilton's third Singapore Grand Prix win in four years, increasing his lead over Rosberg in the championship standings to eight points, with Verstappen trailing in third place. After the race, Hamilton was elated with his performance, stating that this was a great result for his team. "It's been such a surreal and weird weekend, and not the easiest of races", Hamilton said. "But these guys (Mercedes team) just keep pushing and keep fighting, and I just try to repay them with the best possible performance I can give." Vettel, who finished second, was impressed with Hamilton's performance. "Obviously I'm a bit disappointed not to win, but to finish second to Lewis who had such a strong weekend, it's obviously a good result for us and good points for the team," he said. Elsewhere on the grid, Verstappen finished in third place, while Fernando Alonso put in an impressive performance to finish seventh for McLaren. Carlos Sainz and Sergio Perez rounded out the top five. Ultimately, the Singapore Grand Prix was a thrilling and exciting race, with Hamilton prevailing over some stiff competition. With just six races left, the championship race is still wide open, but on current form, Hamilton appears to be in the driving seat.