article: Miuccua Prada is being investigated over allegations her company moved assets abroad in order to avoid tax . The chairwoman of Prada is facing an investigation after it was alleged the company avoided nearly £400million in tax by transferring services abroad. Miuccia Prada, 64, whose grandfather founded the luxury label, allegedly transferred the seat of the label to holding companies abroad, to avoid paying around £390million (€470million) to the Italian authorities. The Milan-based company is famous for its fine leather handbags and is a favourite with celebrities such as Sienna Miller and Kate Middleton. Company chairman Miuccia Prada, Chief Executive Officer Patrizio Bertelli and accountant Marco Salomoni have all been named in the prosecutors probe into alleged undeclared or false tax claims. The transfer of Prada Holding, the controlling shareholder of the house, to the Netherlands and notorious tax haven Luxembourg, was purely to ensure the company a more favourable taxation, Italian Inland Revenue allege, newspaper Corriere della Sera reported. At the end of last month, Prada agreed with the tax authorities to return its seat to Italy and pay backdated tax, claiming that it wanted ‘to invest in Italy’ to help the economic recovery. Mr Bertelli said: ‘We are very pleased to have taken this strategic decision, consistent with our desire to invest on Italy.' Milan prosecutors started investigating a . few days ago when they were notified by the taxman that the . luxury-goods company disclosed undeclared taxable income. Supporting economy: The fashion house has now moved its HQ back to Italy and claims it will repay all backdated tax in order to 'invest in' the country . Lawyers for Milan-based Prada said the company wasn’t aware of a probe by Italian authorities and that documents regarding the allegations have been submitted to prosecutors. 'As it stands we are not aware of there being an investigation,' Stefano Simontacchi and Guido Alleva said in an e-mailed statement. 'In any case, the new rules which are expected to enter into force regarding voluntary disclosure should be considered applicable to the present case, thereby leading to decriminalisation,' the lawyers said. The investigation follows efforts to clamp down on tax avoidance in Italy, after experts revealed that an estimated £90billion a year was lost in undeclared revenues. Last July, the two designers Domenico Dolce and Stefano Gabbana were sentenced to one year and eight months in prison for non-declaration of income.
highlights: Miuccia Prada, 64, named on court papers filed by Italian taxman . She is current chairwoman of the company her grandad Mario founded . Authorities allege company moved assets abroad to avoid tax .
id: 632e0c90a7ad35347917ef0ec4805e2e39a9aad8
chatgpt: Miuccia Prada, the 64-year-old chairwoman of the Italian luxury fashion house, has been named on court papers filed by the Italian taxman. The authorities allege that the company moved assets abroad to avoid tax. Prada was named on court documents alongside her other relatives, including her husband, Patrizio Bertelli, who is the CEO of the company. The case has been under investigation for several years and is amongst several recent investigations by the Italian authorities into tax evasion by big corporations. The accusations levelled against the company by the authorities centre around allegations that they had transferred their intellectual property holdings to a Dutch subsidiary. This transfer may have allowed the company to avoid paying taxes in Italy. The Dutch subsidiary, in turn, would receive royalties from the sale of Prada products in other countries, which would then be taxed at a lower rate. The Italian authorities have calculated that Prada may have avoided paying up to €400m in taxes in Italy over the last decade. The company, however, denies any wrongdoing and has issued a statement saying that it has always performed its business activities in full compliance with all relevant laws and regulations. If the accusations against the company are proven, Prada could potentially face significant fines and, in the worst-case scenario, imprisonment. The case is due to be heard in a Milan court in the coming months. Prada was founded by Miuccia Prada's grandfather, Mario, in 1913 as a supplier of leather goods to the Italian royal family. Miuccia Prada took over the reins of the company in the 1970s and transformed it into one of the most iconic luxury fashion brands in the world. Under her leadership, Prada has diversified into other areas such as fragrances, eyewear and cosmetics. Prada is not the first luxury fashion brand to face investigation for tax evasion. Other brands such as Gucci and Dolce & Gabbana have also been investigated for similar allegations in recent years. The investigations have highlighted the complex ways in which multinational corporations can structure their operations to avoid paying taxes in high-tax jurisdictions like Italy. In conclusion, the allegations against Prada are a significant setback for the iconic fashion house. The case underscores the need for strong enforcement of tax laws, particularly in cases where big corporations are seen to be evading taxes. The fate of Prada now rests with the Italian courts, which must decide whether the company is guilty of tax evasion or not.