article: (CNN) -- Werder Bremen snatched top spot in the German Bundesliga after crushing Freiburg 6-0 on Saturday, as young playmaker Mesut Ozil stole the show. The 21-year-old Germany international set up four goals and scored one himself as the home side moved ahead of previous leaders Bayer Leverkusen on goal difference, with both teams on 26 points. Unbeaten Leverkusen can regain their lead in Sunday's trip to ailing former champions Bayern Munich, while Hamburg can move up to 26 points with victory at home to Bochum. But Bremen ensured bragging rights for at least 24 hours with a demolition job that left Freiburg just two points above the bottom three. Daniel Jansen and Ozil both hit the woodwork before the latter crossed for striker Hugo Almeida to head home the 33rd-minute opener. Marko Marin doubled the lead 10 minutes after halftime with a freekick, then Ozil teed up Almeida's second soon after before making it 4-0 on 67 as he collected a long ball and rounded goalkeeper Simon Pouplin. Ozil was fouled in the box by Mohamadou Idrissou to allow Naldo to score from the spot six minutes later, and his cross from the left was converted by Markus Rosenberg on 82. Schalke moved up to third place with a 2-0 win at home to Hannover, who were mourning the suicide of Germany goalkeeper Robert Enke. There was a minute's silence before the game to commemorating his death, but it was Schalke who took the lead in the 69th minute as Jefferson Farfan headed home Rafinha's corner. Jan Moravek sealed victory in the second minute of time added on after Enke's deputy Florian Fromlowitz blocked a shot by Lukas Schmitz, meaning Schalke ended a three-game winless run -- and extended their unbeaten run to seven -- to move onto 25 points. Defending champions Wolfsburg lost 3-2 at home to Nuremberg, who moved out of the bottom three thanks to Peer Kluge's last-gasp winner three minutes into stoppage time. Ten-man Stuttgart had to come from behind to earn a 1-1 draw at home to bottom club Hertha Berlin, as Zdravko Kuzmanovic's 82nd-minute effort canceled out the 49th-minute opener by Adrian Ramos. However, the Serbian was sent off three minutes later for a second booking, but struggling Stuttgart held on. Hoffenheim crushed Cologne 4-0 to move above Hamburg on goal difference, while Borussia Monchengladbach moved away from the relegation zone with a 2-1 victory at Eintracht Frankfurt. Borussia Dortmund hosted Mainz in the late match.
highlights: Werder Bremen snatch top spot in Bundesliga on goal difference after crushing Freiburg 6-0 . Young Germany international Mesut Ozil sets up four goals and scores one himself . Schalke move into third place after 2-0 win over Hannover, who are mourning Robert Enke . Bayer Leverkusen can reclaim top spot with a point from Sunday's trip to Bayern Munich .
id: 3428d07e129132732324bbb519c9cd310c047f47
chatgpt: Werder Bremen have snatched the top spot in the Bundesliga on goal difference after a crushing 6-0 victory over Freiburg. The match was dominated by young Germany international Mesut Ozil, who set up four goals and scored one himself. Werder Bremen's performance was a testament to their strong attacking play and solid defense, which allowed them to control the match from start to finish. Ozil opened the scoring in the 28th minute, dribbling past several Freiburg defenders before slotting the ball past the goalkeeper. He then turned provider, setting up Werder Bremen's second and third goals for Hugo Almeida and Marko Marin respectively. Marin, in turn, repaid the favor, crossing the ball for Ozil to score his second of the match. Werder Bremen added two more goals late in the second half, with Clemens Fritz and Torsten Frings both getting on the scoresheet. The result moves Werder Bremen up to the top of the table, with a better goal difference than their nearest rivals Bayer Leverkusen. Leverkusen can reclaim top spot with a point from Sunday's trip to Bayern Munich, but Werder Bremen will be buoyed by their dominant display against Freiburg. Elsewhere in the Bundesliga, Schalke moved into third place with a 2-0 victory over Hannover. The match was overshadowed by the recent death of Hannover goalkeeper Robert Enke, and both sides observed a minute's silence before kickoff. Schalke took the lead in the first half through a Kevin Kuranyi goal, before adding a second late on through Jefferson Farfan. The victory sees Schalke move ahead of Borussia Dortmund and into third place, just two points behind Bayer Leverkusen. The loss for Hannover leaves them in tenth place, as they struggle to cope with the loss of Enke. Overall, it was a dramatic weekend in the Bundesliga, with Werder Bremen taking top spot and Schalke moving into third. The league is shaping up to be an extremely competitive battle between several top sides, and fans can expect plenty of excitement in the weeks and months to come.