article: Cheat: Seema Bassi, 49, claimed she was a jobless single mother to pocket handouts for more than a decade . A benefits fraudster has been jailed after fleecing the taxpayer out of nearly £74,000 while running a £2.6million property empire. Seema Bassi, 49, claimed she was a jobless single mother to pocket handouts for more than a decade. But she was secretly amassing a property portfolio across Kent raking in a fortune from tenants, Snaresbrook Crown Court heard. Bassi owned 26 homes worth a total of £2.6million, providing her with about £150,000 in rent a year. She bought her first property in 1994 and started claiming benefits three years later. Her portfolio included 14 flats and four houses in Gravesend, a house in Canterbury, three flats in Herne Bay, a two-bedroom terrace in Greenhithe, and a house in Richmond Street, Hartlepool, Cleveland. Some of the properties were leased to Gravesham Council in Kent as sheltered housing for asylum seekers, the court heard. Her fraud was uncovered after Gravesham Council started investigating her brother for failing to pay council tax in 2012. The paper trail led investigators to contact Redbridge Council for more details about Bassi when they learned she had purchased 18 houses from her brother. Stacks of documents were seized from Bassi's home in Ilford, including bank statements and tenancy agreements. It was discovered she had told mortgage lenders she earned £69,200 annually working for a property firm, but was still telling the council she was unemployed. In total the mother-of-one pocketed £67,819 in housing benefits and £6,118 council tax benefits. When questioned by police she first said the properties were held in trust for different members of her extended family, although no evidence was found to prove that such a trust existed. She then claimed the 18 properties that had previously belonged to her brother had been put in her name because he was unwell and could no longer managed them. Benefits . cheat Seema Bassi owned 26 homes, including one in Canterbury . (pictured) in Kent. At the same time as running the property portfolio . she was pocketing handouts claiming to be a jobless single mother . Bassi denied but was convicted of five counts of fraud after a trial at Snaresbrook Crown Court, pictured, earlier this year . Bassi maintained she didn't profit financially from any of the homes. It emerged Bassi set up a new property firm called Overcliffe Residents Company last year. Bassi, of  Ilford, Essex, denied but was convicted of five counts of fraud after a trial earlier this year. Judge David Radford sentenced her to 12 months in jail.
highlights: Seema Bassi claimed to be a jobless single mother to pocket the handouts . She fleeced taxpayer out of nearly £74,000 while running property empire . The 49-year-old had owned 26 homes worth £2.6million, court hears . The portfolio was providing her with about £150,000 in rental a year . She denied offences but was convicted earlier this year of five fraud charges . Judge David Radford sentences Bassi, of Illford, Essex, to 12 months in jail .
id: 9c072ed91c77d25461243b9757e6aadb4fcc3920
chatgpt: A woman in Ilford, Essex has been sentenced to 12 months in jail for fraud after fleecing taxpayers out of nearly £74,000. Seema Bassi, who claimed to be a jobless single mother, was found to have been running a property empire while pocketing benefits. The 49-year-old had owned 26 homes worth £2.6 million, which were providing her with approximately £150,000 in rental income per year.  Bassi had denied the allegations against her, but was convicted of five fraud charges earlier this year. During her trial, the court heard how she had provided false information to the Department for Work and Pensions in order to receive benefits. She also failed to declare her ownership of the properties she was renting out, which amounted to a clear violation of the benefits system. Despite making claims to be jobless, Bassi was found to be bringing in substantial income from her property portfolio, which included both residential and commercial properties. She used the handouts she received from the government to fund her lavish lifestyle, which included private school tuition for her children. Judge David Radford, who sentenced Bassi to jail, made it clear that the public had been betrayed by her actions. He stated that she had taken advantage of the benefits system in a calculated and deliberate way, and that her behavior was nothing short of criminal. He also ordered Bassi to pay back the money she had defrauded the government out of. The case has led to renewed calls for benefits fraudsters to face harsher sentences. Taxpayers have expressed anger at the fact that people like Bassi are able to cheat the system and enjoy a comfortable lifestyle at the expense of hardworking citizens who pay their fair share of taxes. The government has responded by promising to crack down on benefits fraud and to make sure that those who abuse the system are brought to justice. Overall, the case of Seema Bassi has served as a stark reminder of the importance of honesty and integrity in the benefits system. Fraudulent behavior will not be tolerated, and those who engage in it will be held accountable for their actions.