article: By . Laura Cox . PUBLISHED: . 15:10 EST, 15 September 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 15:09 EST, 17 September 2013 . Cher has turned down the chance to open Russia's Winter Olympics next year in protest of the country's anti-gay laws . Cher has turned down the chance to open next year's Winter Olympics in Russia as a protest to the country's new anti-gay laws. The singer refused the offer in retaliation of legislation introduced earlier this year which makes it illegal to teach under 18s about homosexuality. The 67-year-old, whose son Chaz underwent gender transition surgery in 2010, is the latest celebrity to react against the laws brought in by Vladimir Putin's government in June. She said: ‘I can’t name names but my friend called who is a big oligarch over there and asked me if I’d like to be an ambassador for the Olympics and open the show. ‘I immediately said no. I want to know why all of this gay hate just exploded over there. He said the Russian people don’t feel the way their government does.’ Cher, who this year headlined at a Gay Pride concert in New York, admitted feeling ‘frightened’ after her daughter Chaz told her she was having surgery to become a man in 2008 . The singer, who recently released her 25th studio album, rose to fame as one half of the husband and wife duo Sonny and Cher, and said she feels able to relate to marginalised groups because of the initially frosty reception they received. She told Canadian magazine Maclean’s: ‘People hated [Sonny Bono] and I in the early days because we looked and acted so different. The singer's son Chaz Bono (pictured left) underwent gender transition surgery to become a man in 2010. Cher shot to fame in the 1960s as part of singing duo, Sonny and Cher (right) ‘Sonny was always getting into fights-people would called him ‘f-g’ and he’d get his nose broken-only because we were dressing different. And these were our street clothes! You can’t forget that.’ She added of her son: ‘One time I called Chaz and he had forgot to change his voicemail and it was his old voice. 'It shook me a bit. These are small changes that as a mother you never forget. 'It is the last taboo. It used to be against the law. Thank God we’ve come so far.' Gay rights activists have called for Russia to be removed as hosts of the Winter Olympics next year over the controversial laws which prohibit teaching under 18s about homosexuality.
highlights: The singer turned down the offer in protest against law which prohibits teaching homosexual issues to under 18s . Cher's son, Chaz Bono, underwent surgery to become a man in 2010 . The 67-year-old feels she can relate to minorities after facing criticism as part of singing duo Sonny and Cher .
id: 74aecaee44dff6dc93775414271e078a006c60d6
chatgpt: In a recent interview, music icon Cher disclosed that she had turned down an opportunity to perform at the Winter Olympics in Russia in protest against the country's law that prohibited teaching homosexual content to minors. The 67-year-old singer, actress, and fashion icon has always been an outspoken advocate for LGBT rights, and her decision spoke volumes about her staunch support of the community. Cher's son, Chaz Bono, underwent gender-transition surgery in 2010, making him a prominent figure in the LGBT community. The singer revealed that after Chaz came out as transgender, she has developed a better understanding of minorities and the challenges they face. "As the mother of someone who is part of the LGBT community, I see firsthand how this law affects people," she said. "It's not just about the Olympics; it's about what's right." The 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi, Russia, had been plagued with controversy surrounding the country's stance on LGBT rights. Russia's law, passed in 2013, banned "gay propaganda" and any information that promoted non-traditional sexual relationships. Many politicians, activists, and celebrities spoke out against the law, including Cher. Cher has been a vocal advocate for the LGBT community for decades. In the 1980s, AIDS hysteria swept the United States, and people with the disease were ostracized and discriminated against by society. She became a vocal supporter of those with HIV/AIDS, and her work with organizations like the American Foundation for AIDS Research (amfAR) has helped bring attention to the disease. Cher's current stance is perhaps influenced by her own experiences as a member of a minority group. Earlier in her career, she had faced backlash for her "unconventional" appearance, including her long hair and heavy makeup. When she and her then-husband Sonny Bono released their hit single "I Got You Babe" in 1965, they faced criticism and ridicule for their appearance and music. As a singer, actress, and icon of fashion and culture, Cher has always pushed against the norms and conventions of society. Her recent decision to forego a high-profile performance is just one example of her unwavering support of the LGBT community and her commitment to standing up for what she believes in. Cher's refusal to perform in Russia for the Olympics was a significant gesture at a time when many people were fighting against the country's laws against the LGBT community. She continues to be an inspiration to people worldwide with her advocacy for social justice, equal rights, and acceptance.