article: Last updated at 2:30 PM on 20th December 2011 . A teenage belly dancer said to have been paid for sex by former Italian prime Silvio Berlusconi has given birth to a baby girl. Karima El Mahroug, also known as Ruby the Heartbreaker, was just 17 when she was invited to Berlusconi's infamous bunga bunga parties where women were paid to strip and dance seductively for him. Prosecutors allege that she was also paid to spend the night with him. As a result he is currently on trial for having sex with an underage prostitute as she was a minor at the time. New mother: Karima El Mahroug, pictured here in November 2010, has given birth to a baby girl . Moroccan born Miss El Mahroug, now 19, gave birth to a girl five days early at a private hospital in Genoa - her due date was Christmas Day. The baby's father, nightclub boss Luca Risso, said the baby would be named Sofia Aida and added: 'She is well and with her mother. 'My happiness is indescribable. At the moment it's a bit difficult to say who she looks like - I hope she looks like her mother as she is so beautiful. Maybe she will get her brains from me. Denials: Berlusconi denies that he had sex with Miss El Mahroug and claims that he is the victim of Left-wing prosecutors . 'Ruby is so happy. The birth was over . very quickly, it lasted just five minutes and went well. My parents and I . have always liked the name Sofia while Ruby has always liked Aida - . when she is older the baby will decide which name to use.' Billionaire . Berlusconi, 75, denies that he had sex with Miss El Mahroug and that he abused his . power as premier to try to cover up the case - he is said to have used . his position to negotiate her release when she was arrested for theft by . police in May 2010. Miss El Mahroug also insists that nothing happened between her and Berlusconi but has . revealed he gave her money, jewellery and a car for attending the . parties he hosted in his villa at Arcore near Milan. If . found guilty, Berlusconi faces a total of 15 years in prison - three . for paying for underage sex and 12 for abuse of power. In his three . ongoing trials and previous cases, he has always denied wrongdoing, . claiming he is the victim of Left-wing prosecutors and judges who are . persecuting him for political reasons.
highlights: 'Ruby the heartbreaker' was just 17 when it is alleged she was paid for sex by former Italian premier .
id: 213051881404f8be40ae2328aadc10493e07dc28
chatgpt: Ruby, a now 25-year-old woman from Morocco, has been making headlines around the world again. This time, it's because of her alleged involvement in a scandal involving former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi. Ruby, whose real name is Karima El Mahroug, was just 17 years old when it is alleged she was paid for sexual favors by the former premier. Berlusconi was in office at the time and allegedly hosted sex parties at his villa near Milan, and Ruby was apparently one of the many young women who attended. The accusation of prostitution came to light during a completely separate police investigation, in which Ruby was arrested on suspicion of theft. She was released from custody because she had no prior criminal record, but the story of her supposed involvement with Berlusconi didn't go away. The case went to trial and Berlusconi was ultimately acquitted of all charges in 2015, but many people believe that the truth about what happened that night is still shrouded in mystery. Ruby has always maintained that she did not have sex with Berlusconi or any of the other guests at the party, but the doubts and speculation continue. Ruby has now become something of a celebrity in her own right, although not necessarily in a positive way. She has been nicknamed "Ruby the heartbreaker" and has appeared on Italian television shows and in various tabloids around the world. Despite the fact that she was underage at the time, Ruby has never been charged with any crime related to prostitution. However, she has been convicted of crimes such as theft and making false statements to the police, and has spent time in jail as a result.  Ruby, who is now 25 years old, continues to be in the public eye and has expressed a desire to be an actress or a television presenter. She has appeared in a few small television roles in Italy, but her life remains turbulent and unpredictable. The case involving Silvio Berlusconi and Ruby may have been resolved in the eyes of the Italian legal system, but in the court of public opinion, the truth remains elusive. For Ruby, it seems that her involvement with the former prime minister will always be a part of her public persona, whether she likes it or not.