article: Juba, South Sudan (CNN) -- African nations should have acted quickly to help quell the bloody fighting that has consumed parts of South Sudan this month, the President of the new country told CNN on Monday. As soon as an attempted coup took place and violence broke out, "the original leaders and all African leaders should have come in with military support," so that the rebels would be "crushed once and for all," President Salva Kiir said. However, he said, he did not ask them for help. East African nations have set Tuesday as a deadline for the two sides to engage in talks. If the other side, led by former South Sudanese Vice President Riek Machar, does not agree to talk, then "we will fight," Kiir vowed. "In both cases," he said, peace "will be restored." Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni, at a news conference, said that if Machar does not agree to talks, the other countries will "go for him." Asked what that means, he said, "defeat him." Machar could not be reached immediately for comment. Machar is a longtime rival of Kiir. The men are from tribal clans. Kiir is from the Dinka tribe, Machar from the Neur. Kiir accused Machar of trying to stage a coup. Machar has denied the claim. Fighting broke out on December 15 in the capital city of Juba. It quickly spread across the country, with reports of mass killings that were lent credence by mass graves. Militia persuaded to retreat . Government officials have persuaded an ethnic militia loyal to Machar to retreat from Bor, Rachel Nyedak Paul, the deputy information minister in Juba, told CNN on Monday. An estimated 20,000 ethnic Nuer from the so-called White Army had been headed for the city, raising fears of more violence. Paul told CNN that she and other officials who are Nuer and originally from the North Jonglei province -- the same area where the White Army originated -- had a series of phone conversations with leaders of White Army on Monday. They told the leaders the current crisis was a political and not a tribal battle and told them to not get involved. The youths in the White Army are known for the white powder they use to cover their skin as an insect repellant. CNN's Josh Levs contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: Ugandan president vows the region will help 'defeat' Machar if he doesn't agree to talks . African nations should have acted quickly with military support, President Kiir says . The White Army is loyal to South Sudanese Vice President Riek Machar .
id: ebdaa4502f300ea1ccab0d22bf3e9f1ad4e33652
chatgpt: Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni has pledged that the region will do everything in its power to defeat South Sudanese Vice President Riek Machar if he fails to agree to talks. In a recent interview, Museveni urged African nations to act quickly in providing military support to defeat Machar's armed group known as the White Army.  Museveni's remarks come amid escalating tensions in South Sudan, where government forces and Machar's loyalists are engaged in fierce clashes. The fighting has disrupted humanitarian services, caused a mass displacement of civilians, and threatened to plunge the country back into a civil war. Machar, who was ousted as vice president in 2013, has been pushing for political reform and greater autonomy in the country's regions. His loyalists, who control vast territories in the east and north, have been clashing with government forces in recent weeks, in a bid to seize control of key towns and cities. President Salva Kiir has accused Machar of seeking to launch a coup and warned that his government will not hesitate to use force to maintain order. "Our sovereignty is non-negotiable," he said in a recent speech. "We will defend our country with all the means at our disposal." The White Army, which is loyal to Machar, has been a major source of concern for the government's forces. The armed group, which is made up of mainly young men from Machar's Nuer tribe, has been accused of carrying out brutal attacks on civilians and committing other atrocities. Museveni's commitment to defeat Machar has been welcomed by Kiir's government, which has been pushing for greater support from neighboring countries to quash the rebellion. However, critics have warned that military action may only fuel the conflict and delay political solutions. "The use of military force is not the answer to this crisis," says John Prendergast, co-founder of the Enough Project, a Washington-based advocacy group. "The root causes of the conflict have to be addressed through dialogue, meaningful reforms, and accountability for past atrocities." As the war rages on, the humanitarian crisis in South Sudan continues to worsen. According to the United Nations, nearly 7 million people are in need of humanitarian assistance, with over 1.4 million children at risk of severe malnutrition. The UN has called on all parties to respect the rights of civilians and for donors to increase support for aid operations.