article: By . Chris Wheeler . Follow @@ChrisWheelerDM . Ryan Giggs called for Adnan Januzaj to be given more protection on Tuesday night after the Manchester United youngster was injured in an incident with Hull midfielder David Meyler. Meyler will be waiting anxiously to see if the FA take any action after he appeared to deliberately stand on Januzaj's outstretched leg towards the end of the game. If referee Craig Pawson confirms on Wednesday that he did not spot it, then the FA will be free to act and Meyler's place in the FA Cup final against Arsenal a week on Saturday could be in jeopardy. VIDEO Scroll down for Giggs hails 'Class of 14' but says no decision on retirement . Nasty: David Meyler (right) leaves his boot in on Manchester United's Adnan Januzaj . Stamp it out: Meyler got away with the stamp on Januzaj late in the second half . It is the second time this season that Januzaj has been the alleged victim of a stamp after Fulham's Sascha Riether was banned for three matches in November after accepting a FA charge of violent conduct. Hull boss Steve Bruce insisted that he did not see last night's incident, but Giggs described it as 'a joke'. He added: 'I didn't see it but I've seen his leg. It's the second time it has happened to him this season. It's not great to see, and it's terrible his leg. 'He needs protecting. He's a brilliant, exciting player and the authorities need to sort it out. It's just the length of his leg, not cutting into his skin. It goes form his knee to his ankle.' Giggs came on as a substitute for his 963rd - and possibly final - appearance at Old Trafford in his last home game as interim boss, and admitted that he is still in two minds whether to play on next season. Thin line: Meyler was already on a yellow card for an earlier foul on Tom Lawrence . He used the occasion to give supporters . 'a glimpse into the future', giving senior debuts to James Wilson and . Tom Lawrence alongside Januzaj. Wilson, 18, scored two of United's goals and admitted that he only knew he would be in the team on the morning of the match. 'It . came as a shock but he had faith in me,' he said. 'I got out there and . tried to show what I could do. My family were out in full force tonight . and it was a great feeling. 'When the first went in it was total . euphoria. The second one was a great experience. It was about getting . used to the physicality and the pace of the game. I played here for the . Under-21s but it is different with 75,000 people.' Tough tackling: Meyler (right) makes a fair challenge on Januzaj during United's 3-1 win . Previous: Fulham's Sascha Riether stamps on the ankle of Januzaj during a Premier League match in 2013 .
highlights: David Meyler's place in FA Cup final against Arsenal could be in jeopardy . Ryan Giggs has called for Adnan Januzaj to be given more protection . Man United youngster was injured in the incident .
id: 0cefeabb026b0d67fc2e895afcccfd7061e39aae
chatgpt: David Meyler, midfielder for Hull City, may be forced to miss the FA Cup final against Arsenal after being injured in a collision with Manchester United's Adnan Januzaj during the teams' recent encounter. Meyler's place in the final is uncertain, with speculation mounting that he may not be able to recover in time to play against Arsenal. The incident in question occurred during the Premier League match between Manchester United and Hull City on May 6th. Januzaj was tackled by Meyler, resulting in a collision that left the youngster with a bloody nose. The challenge was deemed fair by the referee, but Januzaj had to be replaced due to injury. Ryan Giggs, interim manager at Manchester United, has since spoken out about the incident, calling for Januzaj to be given more protection as a young player in the game. Giggs suggested that Meyler's challenge may have been too aggressive, and that Januzaj deserves the same level of protection as any other player on the pitch. "The kid needs a bit more protection," said Giggs in a post-match interview. "He's a young player, he's not an aggressive player, and he needs help from the referees and the authorities to be protected a bit more." Giggs' comments have sparked a debate in the football world, with many fans and pundits weighing in on the issue. Some have argued that Januzaj is indeed in need of more protection, and that young players in general are often targeted by opposing teams. Others have criticized Giggs for singling out Meyler, suggesting that the challenge was a fair one and that Januzaj's injury was simply the result of bad luck. Regardless of who is ultimately deemed responsible for Januzaj's injuries, the incident has put Meyler's place in the FA Cup final in doubt. The midfielder will be eagerly awaiting news on his condition in the coming weeks, as he hopes to be fit in time to face Arsenal. While Meyler's absence would be a blow to Hull City's hopes of winning the cup, Arsenal themselves are facing their own injury concerns ahead of the final. The Gunners have several key players sidelined through injury, including Mesut Ozil and Jack Wilshere. Despite these setbacks, both Arsenal and Hull City will be hoping to lift the trophy come May 17th. The FA Cup remains one of the most prestigious competitions in English football, and both clubs will be desperate to add their name to the list of winners. For Meyler, the next few weeks will be crucial as he battles to recover from his injuries. The midfielder will be hoping to make a swift return to the pitch, and help his team to achieve their dreams of FA Cup glory. As for Januzaj, he will be hoping that Giggs' call for more protection is heeded, and that he can continue to develop as a player without being targeted by opposing teams.