article: By . Steve Nolan and Mark Duell . PUBLISHED: . 18:15 EST, 30 April 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 06:34 EST, 2 May 2013 . A producer for TV adventurer Bear Grylls who suffered a horrific snake bite on his foot was today pictured resting following surgery - but the photo is still so grim that we can't publish it. Steve Rankin suffered the bite while filming the survival expert's latest TV show in California- and a picture posted by Bear of the original injury went viral. The graphic photo, which was sure to have put a fair few of Bear's Twitter followers off their lunch, was taken three weeks ago, according to the Huffington Post, and showed that the wild clearly won in that particular showdown. Bear Grylls, pictured at a sitting for Madame Tussauds today, tweeted a graphic picture of a snakebite received by one of the production team while filming for his latest show . Much of the flesh on the producer's foot had  been stripped away exposing some of his bones. Alongside the original photo, a caption read: 'Our man vs wild producer suffering from a brutal snakebite - fighting the injury with courage.' Despite his horrific injury Mr Rankin was said to be on the mend having undergone surgery. He posted a picture of the foot post-surgery on Twitter and said: 'Thanks Bear for your good wishes', before telling a follower: 'Resting up.' The original picture by Bear has since gone viral and received many horrified reactions from some of the adventurer's 1million followers. The intrepid explorer didn't elaborate on the injury, where filming was taking place when the snake attacked or what type of snake caused the damage to Mr Rankin's foot. According to reports, the team were filming for a forthcoming series called 'Naked and Afraid'. The former SAS soldier became a global star after eating insects and drinking his own urine to survive in the wild. Colleague: The survival expert tweeted a particularly gruesome photograph of the foot of producer Steve Rankin (file picture) In demand: BBC, ITV and Channel 4 are said to be in a bidding war for the survival expert's latest show which is to air in the US . His most recent show, Get Out Alive will air in the US this summer and sees 20 ordinary people set a range of tough challenges with a £500,000 prize at stake. He recently signed a deal with Discovery enabling him to work with terrestrial broadcasters in the UK for the first time. And that deal is said to have sparked something of a bidding war between the BBC, ITV and Channel 4 to win the rights to Get Out Alive. Grylls, who is also the UK's Chief Scout, is also expected to begin filming on another new show called Ultimate Survivor.
highlights: Image of Steve Rankin's foot went viral after it was posted on Twitter . It shows the foot's flesh stripped away to the producer's bare bones . Injured Mr Rankin has undergone surgery and now says he is 'resting' We haven't published photo but it can be viewed by clicking link below . Click on this external link for the photo (WARNING: EXTREMELY GRAPHIC CONTENT) You can also click here for a photo of the foot post-surgery (SAME WARNING APPLIES)
id: 7ee3c0c9a1fbf685f8519d7bc0d0dd39141b337b
chatgpt: A shocking image of a foot stripped down to the bone has gone viral after being posted on Twitter. The foot belongs to Steve Rankin, a producer who was involved in a serious accident that caused extensive injury. The photograph shows the flesh of his foot stripped away, revealing only the bone beneath.  The image has shocked many who have seen it, with some describing it as gruesome and graphic. While we have chosen not to publish the photo due to its graphic nature, it can be viewed by clicking on an external link that is being shared on social media.  Following the accident, Mr. Rankin has undergone surgery to address his injuries. The exact nature of the accident has not been disclosed, but it is clear that the resulting injuries were quite severe. Despite the extent of his injuries, Mr. Rankin has reported that he is now resting and on the road to recovery.  The widespread sharing of this photograph raises important questions about the role of graphic images on social media. While some argue that such images help to raise awareness about the gravity of certain situations, others believe that they are an unnecessary and graphic display of someone's pain and suffering.  In general, we urge caution when it comes to sharing graphic images of this nature. While it is important to draw attention to serious situations, it is equally important to do so in a way that is respectful and sensitive to those involved.  For those who wish to support Mr. Rankin through this difficult time, there is an option to view a less-graphic photo of his foot post-surgery by clicking on another external link being shared on social media. It is important to note that the content of this photograph is still extremely graphic and may not be suitable for all viewers.  Overall, the situation surrounding Steve Rankin's injuries serves as a sobering reminder of the serious impact that accidents can have on our lives. While we can hope for a speedy recovery for Mr. Rankin, his injuries serve as a cautionary tale for all of us to take care when it comes to our own safety, and to avoid sharing graphic images without careful consideration of the impact they may have on others.