article: By . Jennifer Newton . Construction work is being blamed for the collapse of this Chinese petrol station which sank into a giant hole. It is thought that building site workers weakened the ground around the filling station in Hangzhou city in Zhejiang province causing a big crack to appear down the front of the building. Pump attendant Tao Ku was on duty when the earth began to shift and the 50,000 ton steel and concrete station began to be consumed by the earth. The petrol station in Hangzhou city in Zhejiang province, which sank into a giant hole in the ground . Nearby construction work is being blamed for the collapse of the filling station . The 25-year-old said: ‘I was filling up the tank of a Lexus when I suddenly felt this ominous shaking and juddering, just as if there was an earthquake. ‘Suddenly the pump motor cut out and I looked up to see a gigantic crack appear down the front of the building. ‘Then the lights began to flicker and there was a perceptible tilt to the forecourt.  “Get away, get away, we are sinking” shouted my boss. ‘I told the Lexus driver to beat it and I ran for my life.’ China’s push for urbanisation has caused several man-made disasters, with construction sites often unsafe for both workers and people living near them. Sinking buildings are a common occurrence across China as the country pushes for urbanisation . The pump attendant added: ‘There has been so much construction in this area the place underground is riddled like a honeycomb. ‘One set of workers in one building has no clue what their counterparts just yards away are doing. ‘They dig ancillary road and sewage tunnels, tunnels for electric cabling and pipes, caverns for underground car parks and then they wonder why buildings above don't stay put!’ Building workers come to see what has happened to the petrol station which sank into the ground . A town planning spokesman said they would be an investigation into what caused the station to collapse . All fuel had to be pumped out of the station and into tankers before being moved to giant tanks 10 miles away. A wrecking ball then arrived to demolish what remained of the submerged building. A town planning spokesman said: ‘We are launching an investigation into what made the petrol station disappear into the bowels of the earth.’
highlights: Earth began to shift at filling station in Hangzhou city in Zhejiang province . Station then collapsed into a giant hole in the ground . Nearby building work being blamed for causing the collapse . The building's remains have now been demolished by a wrecking ball .
id: 6a98f455ea1906159f04ba9613501824a56145c9
chatgpt: Hangzhou City in China's Zhejiang province is reeling from a shocking incident that occurred at a filling station earlier this week. Reports emerged that the earth began to shift, causing the station to collapse into a giant hole in the ground. Thankfully, there were no casualties reported in the incident. According to eyewitnesses, the ground beneath the station began to shake violently, causing the building to sink into the earth. The cause of the collapse is believed to be linked to nearby building work, with residents claiming that the construction activity caused the ground to become unstable. In the aftermath of the incident, authorities moved swiftly to demolish the remaining building. A wrecking ball was used to bring down the structure, which was left in a precarious state following the collapse. Speaking to reporters at a press conference, local officials acknowledged that the incident was a wake-up call for the city's infrastructure. They called for more comprehensive safety measures to be put in place to prevent such incidents from happening in the future. "The incident at the filling station is a reminder that we cannot take our infrastructure for granted," said one official. "We need to ensure that all buildings are constructed to the highest safety standards and that regular checks are carried out to guarantee the integrity of the structures." The incident has also prompted calls for greater scrutiny of building work taking place across the city. Many residents have expressed concern that construction activity is being carried out too close to residential areas, putting people's safety at risk. "We need to ensure that all construction activity is carried out in a safe and responsible manner," said one resident. "We cannot allow developers to cut corners and put people's lives at risk." As the city grapples with the aftermath of the filling station incident, authorities have vowed to take action to prevent similar accidents from happening in the future. They have called for a comprehensive review of all buildings in the city to ensure that they meet the required safety standards and that the ground beneath them is stable. For now, residents in Hangzhou City are breathing a sigh of relief that no one was hurt in the incident, but they are also acutely aware of the risks involved when it comes to building in an area with unstable ground. It remains to be seen how the city will respond, but one thing is clear: safety must be the top priority moving forward.