article: Australian's sun safety has been slipping with a new survey revealing that 430,000 more adults are getting sunburnt on the weekend than they were four years ago. The findings, from Cancer Council's National Sun Survey which looked at the sun protection habits of 5000  Australian adults, estimated that about 2.4 million people are getting sunburnt on an average summer's weekend across the country. Craig Sinclair, Cancer Council's Chair of Public Health Committee and an expert on skin cancer prevention, told Daily Mail Australia that the reason for the increase in complacency for excessive exposure to UV was due to a lack of national skin cancer awareness campaigns. THe Cancer Council 's National Sun Survey looked at the sun protection habits of 5000 Australian adults . 'We haven't had a national sun protection campaign for over five years, so part of this reason for the increase could be very well attributed to this fact,' Mr Sinclair said. 'We know our cancer campaigns are effective in motivating behaviour change, particularly in people covering their body and hat wearing. 'There is a direct correlation and this data is clearly a call to action for more government investment in public campaigns.' Mr Sinclair said that the government had an incentive to raise awareness through prevention programs, as sun cancer leads to almost one million doctor visitations each year. Sun cancer leads to almost one million doctor visitations each year and more than 11 thousand Australians are diagnosed with melanoma each year . 'Sun cancer is the most expensive burden of all cancers,' he said. 'In terms of cost to the public health system, but also in terms of human costs: the 11 thousand plus Australians who are getting diagnosed with melanoma each year.' The survey also found that men were more likely to get sunburnt than women and neglect protecting their skin, with 18 per cent getting sunburnt on the weekend compared to 12 per cent of women. 'We haven't had a national sun protection campaign for over five years, so part of this reason for the increase could be very well attributed to this fact,' Craig Sinclair, Cancer Council's Chair of Public Health Committee and an expert on skin cancer prevention, said . 'We can't explain that exactly, maybe it's because they spend more time outdoors than women, maybe they're more inclined to wear less or have less regard for skin protection,' Mr Sinclair said. 'But it is a concern as it will undoubtedly lead to higher melanoma rates for men than women.' The Cancer Council encourages people to minimise their UV exposure by wearing appropriate clothing and sunscreen and recognising that the first signs of sunburn can occur within 15 minutes in the sun.
highlights: At least 430,000 more adults across Australia are getting sunburnt on the weekend than they were four years ago . Cancer Council spokesman Craig Sinclair said part of the reason was likely to be the lack of national government skin cancer awareness campaigns . The charity's survey of 5000 people found that men were more likely to get sunburnt than women . Each year sun cancer leads to almost one million doctor visitations  and more than 11 thousand Australians are  diagnosed with melanoma .
id: e498127c4ab3ffa0d313fff368c3324fe25cffd4
chatgpt: A new survey by the Cancer Council has revealed that a shocking 430,000 more Australian adults are getting sunburnt on the weekends compared to four years ago. The survey, which polled 5,000 people, found that men were more likely to get sunburnt than women. The rise in sunburn is extremely concerning as it increases the risk of developing skin cancer, which leads to almost one million doctor visits every year in Australia alone. Furthermore, over 11,000 Australians are diagnosed with melanoma each year, making it the fourth most common cancer in the country. According to the Cancer Council, one of the reasons for the increase in sunburn rates is the lack of national government skin cancer awareness campaigns. The Council's spokesman, Craig Sinclair, stated that "Without a strong, well-funded national campaign, it's difficult to shift the dial on people's behavior towards sun protection". Though there has been progress in educating the public of the importance of sun protection, much work is left to be done. The Council is calling for a unified approach involving organizations and authorities in all levels of government to coordinate and expand public education campaigns. The Council is also keen to encourage better physical protection by wearing hats, sunglasses, protective clothing and the use of sunscreen. A study by the Cancer Council earlier this year found that using SPF 30+ sunscreen daily reduced the risk of developing melanoma by 50%. In the meantime, the Council's survey results suggest there is still some progress to be made, particularly among men. Men are less likely to use sunscreen or cover up than women and also less aware of UV radiation and its potentially lethal effects. It is thus crucial that we continue to reinforce the message of sun safety in all strata of society. People should be encouraged to take preventative measures such as staying in the shade, wearing a hat and sunglasses, and avoiding prolonged exposure to the sun at peak times. In conclusion, the Cancer Council's survey is a timely reminder of the dangers of sunburn and the urgent need to increase education and awareness campaigns to keep Australians safe from skin cancer. We must all take responsibility for our own health and wellbeing by protecting ourselves against the sun's harmful rays.