article: Three men convicted of . murdering a former Miss Venezuela and her ex-husband this year . were sentenced to at least 24 years in jail in a case that shook . the crime-ridden South American nation, authorities said. Monica Spear, 29, a soap opera actress, and Thomas Berry, . 39, died after being attacked when their car broke down at night . on a highway in central Venezuela in January. The 2004 Miss Venezuela winner lived in the United States . but was vacationing in her homeland at the time. The pair's . 5-year-old daughter, Maya, survived but took a bullet in her leg. Scroll down for video . Horror: Mr Berry and Ms Spear were gunned down on a Venezuelan motorway in front of their daughter, Maya, 5, who was also shot. She still has a bullet lodged in her leg . Orphan: Maya is being cared for by relatives and both sides of the family have agreed it is best if she lives in the US because of the rate of violence in Venezuela . Monica Spear (pictured), 29, a soap opera actress, and Thomas Berry, 39, died after being attacked when their car broke down at night  on a highway in central Venezuela in January . Three men confessed to their involvement in the murder, the . public prosecutor's office said in a statement. Jean Carlos Colina, 19, got a 26-year sentence, while Jose . Ferreira Herrera, 18 and Nelfrend Jimenez Alvarez, 21, were . jailed for 24 years, the statement said. Four other men, one . woman, and two adolescents still face proceedings in the case. The case devastated Venezuelans who saw it as a particularly . awful symbol of the violent crime they have long suffered. The pair were buried amid chaotic scenes at the main cemetery in Caracas in January. Such was the demand among the fans of the former Miss Venezuela to see her for one last time that the funeral at Caracas's eastern cemetery was delayed by two hours. Family members threw white roses to the large crowd gathered outside the steel and glass room where as many as 2,000 people had filed past the coffins during the viewing period. Venezuela's official homicide rate late year was 39 per . 100,000 inhabitants, but local non-government organizations put . the figure at nearly twice that for a total of 24,000 deaths. Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro has said beating violent . crime is a top priority and spoke movingly about Spear's death . at the time. His critics say state anti-crime plans do not . tackle root causes, such as impunity for many criminals, corrupt . judges and complicity by some poorly paid police. The pair were buried amid chaotic scenes at the main cemetery in Caracas in January . The 2004 Miss Venezuela winner lived in the United States but was vacationing in her homeland when she was murdered .
highlights: Monica Spear, 29,  and Thomas Berry, 39, died during an attack in January . They were ambushed by gunmen while on holiday in Venezuela . The pair were shot dead and their daughter, 5, shot in the leg . The brutal murder shocked even Venezuela, a nation rife with crime .
id: 46ffe977a1449b9281d3ac95a5c3528af86f7641
chatgpt: Monica Spear, Miss Venezuela 2004 and successful actress, and her partner, Thomas Berry, were victims of a vicious attack in Venezuela in early January. The couple had been holidaying in the country when they were ambushed by a gang of gunmen. The attackers shot the couple dead and also injured their five-year-old daughter, Maya, who sustained a gunshot wound to the leg. The brutal murder of the popular couple sent shockwaves through Venezuela, a country struggling with high levels of violent crime. Politicians and public figures alike were quick to condemn the attack and call for action to be taken to combat the growing problem of crime in the country. Monica Spear was a well-known figure in Venezuela, having won the Miss Venezuela pageant in 2004 and gone on to pursue a successful career in acting. Her death has been seen as a tragic loss for the country and for the entertainment industry in particular. Berry, a British citizen, was an entrepreneur and was widely respected for his work in the tourism industry. In the wake of the attack, there has been widespread outrage and calls for change. Many have criticized the authorities for failing to adequately address the issue of violent crime in Venezuela, which has one of the highest murder rates in the world. President Nicolas Maduro has promised to take action, stating that the government would do everything in its power to bring the perpetrators to justice and to improve the security situation in the country. He has also offered condolences to the families of the victims and vowed to work towards a safer Venezuela. The murder of Monica Spear and Thomas Berry has highlighted the dangers of tourist travel in Venezuela and has sparked concerns about the impact of violent crime on the country's economy. Tourism is an important industry for Venezuela, but the recent surge in violence has led many tourists to stay away, causing further damage to the country's struggling economy. As investigations continue into the attack, the families of the victims are left to mourn the loss of loved ones who were taken from them in a senseless act of violence. Their tragic deaths have brought the issue of violent crime in Venezuela to the forefront of national attention and have sparked a renewed urgency to address this growing problem.