article: She was surrounded by an array of glittering stars. But it was Kate Bush who stole the limelight by making her comeback to the red carpet. Having made her comeback to the stage after an absence of 35 years earlier this year, it appears the 56-year-old mother of one has decided to end her self-imposed exile from the spotlight by attending the London Evening Standard Theatre Awards. Scroll down for video . Kate Bush, fresh from her triumphant performances at the Hammersmith Apollo (right), dazzled at the London Evening Standard Theatre Awards . She was rewarded with the Editor’s award for her Before the Dawn concert series at the Hammersmith Apollo between August and October. Arguably the outstanding musical event of 2014, the 100,000 tickets for the 22 concerts sold out within minutes in March. Supermodel Naomi Campbell, 44, ensured she caught attention by opting for a gold sequinned dress slashed to the navel and split to her thigh. Benedict Cumberbatch and Sophie Hunter (left) were joined by supermodel Naomi Campbell . Benedict Cumberbatch and Tom Hiddleston attended the champagne reception . Actor Simon Woods and Inside Llewellyn Davies star Carey Mulligan share a laugh . Gillian Anderson (left, with James McAvoy) won best actress for her role in a Streetcar Named Desire. Right, David and Victoria Beckham . Gillian Anderson , 46, picked up the best actress gong for her role in a Streetcar Named Desire at the Young Vic theatre. The X Files star made a solo appearance on the red carpet for what seemed very much like a night for couples. Benedict Cumberbatch, 38, arrived with his fiancée Sophie Hunter, 36, and Billie Piper, 32, who was nominated in the best actress category, was with her husband Laurence Fox, 36. Sophie Hunter was wearing a black and orange sleeveless satin gown by Erdem. Miss Piper wore a black fan-style one-shoulder vintage dress. She was nominated for her role in the play Great Britain. Miss Bush opted for an elegant black trouser suit and black shawl. Left: Billie Piper and Strangers On A Train star Laurence Fox. Right, star of The Wire Dominic West .
highlights: The 56-year-old appeared at theatre awards show in central London . 100,000 tickets for her 22 concerts sold out in minutes in March . Other stars included Naomi Campbell, who wore gold-sequinned dress .
id: 14905aae5c7b2d1973e29aac0b1d9e6ffaef9884
chatgpt: Pop icon Madonna recently made a surprise appearance at a theatre awards show in central London. The 56-year-old singer looked glamorous as she graced the red carpet, wearing a fitted black dress and a matching black hat. Her appearance came just weeks after tickets for her upcoming concerts sold out in a matter of minutes. In March of this year, 100,000 tickets were released for Madonna's upcoming 22 concerts, and they sold out within minutes. The announcement of the concerts had been highly anticipated by fans around the world, who were eager to see the legendary performer back on stage.  The series of concerts is set to begin in December and will span across North America and Europe. Madonna's London appearance was not the only highlight of the evening, as many other stars also graced the red carpet. Among them was the stunning model Naomi Campbell, who wore a gold-sequinned dress that lit up the event.  The awards show also recognized the contributions made by theatre artists throughout the UK. The winners of the coveted awards included the popular productions of "Hamilton" and "The Inheritance."  Despite her intense schedule of rehearsals, Madonna still found time to attend the event and show her appreciation for theatre artists. She has been a prominent figure in the music industry for over three decades, and her fans still adore her today. Madonna's music and her transformation as an artist has provided fans with endless hits over the years such as ‘Vogue’, ‘Like A Virgin’, ‘Material girl’ and Fans are highly anticipating a repeat dose of her magic through her upcoming concerts. Overall, Madonna's appearance at the theatre awards show in London added to an already electric atmosphere, building the excitement for her upcoming concerts to a fever pitch. Fans around the world are patiently waiting to see what one of the greatest musical artists in history will bring to the stage once again.