article: By . Ashley Collman . PUBLISHED: . 15:00 EST, 25 February 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 07:05 EST, 26 February 2014 . One newborn has already proved she's a real New Yorker, being so impatient as to force her mom into delivery right on a crosswalk rather than wait for a cab to the hospital in rush hour traffic. A Fox news crew just happened to be driving by on their way to cover another story around 3:30pm when they saw a large crowd gathered on the corner of 68th and Third Avenue on Manhattan's Upper East Side. Thinking someone had feinted, reported Linda Schmidt offered to call an ambulance but soon learned that a woman had just given birth. Scroll down for video . Quick labor: A woman gave birth to a baby girl on a New York City crosswalk yesterday afternoon . Rush to the hospital: The woman had reportedly already gone into labor around 3:30 when her doorman walked her to the corner to hail a cab. Pictured leaving in an ambulance with her husband carrying a backpack . According to witnesses, the unidentified mother had already gone into labor by the time she left her apartment on East 68th Street. Her doorman walked her up to Third Avenue to catch a cab, but the baby just couldn't wait. 'She was like, "Oh my god, the baby's coming,"' one female witness said, 'And then I could see the baby's head coming out.' That witness said it was only a matter of seconds after the baby crowned that the little girl was born. Just seconds: But once she got to the corner, the baby's head was already crowning and witnesses say it was only a matter of seconds before the woman gave birth . Baby's first blanket: Several women offered the baby their scarves since it was a chilly day in the mid-30s . Doing fine: Mom and daughter were taken to Lenox Hill Hospital where they were recovering fine . Several female bystanders rushed to offer their scarves to wrap the baby, since temperatures were in the chilly mid-30s. 'I happened to be crossing the street and the baby came out...all I could do is cover her up with my scarf,' another witness said. 'Amazing - A miracle on 3rd Avenue.' The woman, her husband and their newborn child were taken to Lenox Hill Hospital where both were reportedly recovering fine. This was the couple's third child together. Witnesses: The witness on the left said she held the baby's head as it was crowning, while the woman on the right offered up her scarf and called the birth a 'miracle on Third Avenue'
highlights: The unidentified woman had already gone into labor when she and her doorman tried to hail a cab on the Upper East Side . By the time she got to the street corner, the head was crowning, she dropped to the ground and seconds later the baby was born . Mother and daughter were taken to Lenox Hill Hospital and are both fine .
id: 2ccbf4e070db022beebb8f2d7ea71cdf4c8287a2
chatgpt: A woman gave birth to a baby girl on a street corner on the Upper East Side on Friday afternoon. The woman, who has not been identified, had already gone into labor when she and her doorman tried to hail a cab. However, by the time they made it to the street corner, the baby's head was already crowning, and the woman dropped to the ground. Seconds later, she gave birth to a healthy baby girl. Fortunately, some good Samaritans quickly rushed to the woman's aid, helping her to deliver the baby safely. One witness, who declined to give her name, described the scene, saying, "I saw one or two guys putting their jackets on the ground, and I knew there was a woman on the ground. I realized she was having a baby." The woman added that the baby looked healthy and started crying right away. Paramedics arrived on the scene shortly after the baby was born and took the mother and daughter to Lenox Hill Hospital, where both were reported to be in good health. It remains unknown when the mother went into labor or whether she had attempted to call for an ambulance beforehand. Nevertheless, stories about unexpected, outdoor birth happen frequently in New York City, which has a high percentage of home births compared to the rest of the country, most notably among Orthodox communities. In some cases, mothers who unexpectedly give birth before they can reach a hospital or other medical facility often rely on strangers, Good Samaritans, to help them to deliver their baby, as was the case for this unidentified woman. Many people have taken to social media to congratulate the mother on giving birth to her daughter, with some even nicknaming the baby 'Upper East Side Street Corner Baby' or 'UESC Baby' for short. Surprisingly, this was the second outdoor birth to take place in New York City in the span of a week, following a similar occurrence in Washington Heights less than a mile away. In both cases, the mothers and their babies were reported to be in good health, thanks in part to the quick thinking of bystanders who came to their aid. Outdoor births are not without risks, however, and women are always urged to seek medical attention in the event of an unexpected birth, whenever possible. Overall, the miracle birth of this little girl on the Upper East Side serves as a reminder of the unexpected moments in life and the importance of coming together as a community to help those in need. The mother's identity may remain a mystery, but her baby's story will undoubtedly inspire many for years to come.