article: (CNN) -- Six years removed from the death of their son -- former NFL star Pat Tillman -- in Afghanistan, Patrick and Mary Tillman say they haven't gotten the full truth from the U.S. Army and don't expect to. "No, we don't know the whole truth," Mary Tillman said on CNN's "Larry King Live" Monday night. "They never did a criminal investigation after Pat was killed. So, without that proper criminal investigation, they destroyed evidence, which is long gone. There really is no way for us to know exactly what happened to him." Tillman was a safety with the Arizona Cardinals in the National Football League when he passed up a multimillion-dollar contract to join the Army in 2002, after the September 11, 2001, attacks on New York and Washington. He was a corporal with the service's elite Rangers when he was killed during an ambush in an Afghan mountain pass in April 2004. The Army posthumously awarded Tillman the Silver Star, the third-highest U.S. combat decoration, announcing that he had been killed leading a counterattack. But it later admitted that officers in his chain of command knew almost immediately that he had been shot accidentally by his own comrades. For five weeks, his family was not told that the death was a result of friendly fire. Former U.S. Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld and retired Gen. Stanley McChrystal, former commander of U.S. forces in Afghanistan, both declined to appear with the Tillmans on CNN. However, the U.S. Army did issue a statement. "As an Army, we failed in our duty to the memory of a fallen soldier and to his family. The failures of a few brought discredit to the Army and compounded the grief suffered by the Tillman family," the Army statement said. "The Army truly regrets the pain and suffering endured by the Tillman family as a result of this tragic, friendly fire accident and the shortfalls in reporting accurate information to them in the days and weeks after Pat's death." Mary Tillman took issue with the Army's characterization of events. "They weren't shortfalls. They weren't missteps and they weren't errors," Tillman said. "They were deliberate attempts to cover up what happened in order for them to use Pat's death for propaganda purposes at a time during the war in 2004 when [the] Abu Ghraib Prison scandal was breaking ... it was a terrible time for the military and for that administration, and Pat's death was an opportunity for them." Patrick Tillman said he hasn't ruled out that his son may have been deliberately killed. "I haven't eliminated it," he told King. "There is strong evidence of two shooters, not one." The Tillmans, who are divorced, are promoting this week's opening of "The Tillman Story," a new documentary about the death of their son and the controversy that followed it. Mary Tillman also is the author of the book "Boots on the Ground by Dusk: My Tribute to Pat Tillman."
highlights: Pat Tillman quit the NFL in 2002 to join the Army after September 11 . A friendly fire incident took Tillman's life in Afghanistan in 2004 . The Tillmans accuse the Army of lying and conducting improper investigations . Patrick Tillman says his son may have been deliberately killed .
id: e869db1de3bc86a1e2c1d3265049f5746617626d
chatgpt: Pat Tillman, a former NFL player, made the difficult decision to leave behind a lucrative football career in 2002 and join the United States Army following the 9/11 terrorist attacks. Unfortunately, Tillman lost his life in a friendly fire incident while on duty in Afghanistan in 2004. Since then, the Tillman family has raised questions about what truly happened and accused the Army of lying and conducting improper investigations. The tragic story of Pat Tillman is one that still resonates with many Americans today. Tillman's decision to put his football career on hold and serve his country was praised by many, including former President George W. Bush. However, his death in April 2004 shocked the nation and left many wondering how such a tragedy could have occurred. Initially, the Army claimed that Tillman died in a firefight with enemy combatants. However, it was later discovered that he was actually killed by friendly fire from his own unit. This revelation led to an investigation into the circumstances surrounding Tillman's death and the actions taken by the Army following the incident. The Tillman family has been vocal about their belief that the Army did not properly investigate the friendly fire incident and may have also lied about the circumstances leading up to Tillman's death. In fact, Patrick Tillman, Pat's father, has stated that he believes his son may have been deliberately killed. The Army's handling of the case has been widely criticized, with many pointing to inconsistencies in the reports and the fact that the Tillman family was not immediately notified of the friendly fire incident. The Army also faced criticism for awarding Tillman the Silver Star, which was based on false information about the circumstances of his death. Despite the Army's mishandling of the situation, the Tillmans have worked tirelessly to honor Pat's legacy and bring attention to the issue of military whistleblowers. The Pat Tillman Foundation, established in Pat's memory, provides educational scholarships to veterans and their families, and works to promote leadership and service in the military community. In recent years, the Army has taken steps to improve its handling of similar incidents and provide more transparency to families of fallen service members. The Pat Tillman Foundation continues to be a beacon of hope for veterans and their families, and a reminder of the sacrifices made by those who serve our country. The legacy of Pat Tillman is one that will not soon be forgotten. His decision to leave behind a successful football career and serve his country touched the hearts of many Americans. While his death was a tragedy, it has served as a reminder of the importance of transparency and accountability in the military, and the need to honor all those who have made the ultimate sacrifice in defense of our nation.