article: By . Paul Newman . Follow @@Paul_NewmanDM . England will in April return to the scene of the 10-ball Test match for the first of 17 Tests in their most crowded ever year of international cricket. The first of three Tests against West Indies, England’s next Test assignment after the India series, will be at the Sir Vivian Richards Stadium in Antigua where their match in 2009 was abandoned because of an unfit outfield. The tour, which will also see England’s first Test in Grenada, comes during a year which will see them also playing around 30 ODIs, with the World Cup in Australia and New Zealand before the West Indies series. Tour: England, who are currently drawing 1-1 with India in a home series, will head to the West Indies in 2015 . Safety concerns: Andrew Flintoff (centre) and Kevin Pietersen (right) look at the pitch after the Test is abandoned after just 10 balls at the Sir Vivian Richards Stadium in Antigua in February 2009 . Effort: Groundsman work on the pitch at the Sir Vivian Richards Cricket Stadium in February 2009 . Leader: England captain Alastair Cook will take his side on a three-match tour to the West Indies in 2015 . Explosive: England will face the likes of West Indies' star man Chris Gayle during their trip to the Caribbean . April 6-7: Two-day warm-up, St Kitts . April 8-9: Two-day warm-up, St Kitts . April 13-17: First Test, Sir Vivian Richards Stadium, Antigua . April 21-25: Second Test, Grenada National Stadium, Grenada . May 1-5: Third Test, Kensington Oval, Barbados . That means England will be playing on one of every three days during 2015, a manic schedule which will hasten burn-out and ensure fans paying high prices will not always see the best players. The ridiculous volume of international cricket reaches its nadir for England next year but there is no appetite among administrators, who always put money before the quality of the product, to lessen it. Meanwhile, Trent Bridge has been given a warning by the ICC for producing a ‘poor’ pitch for the first Test against India but the ICC stopped short of fining Nottinghamshire because of the previous good quality of their pitches. Looking on: Then England captain Andrew Strauss looks out on the pitch after the Test is abandoned in 2009 . Discussions: ECB Chairman Giles Clarke (centre) discusses the abandonment of the Test with officials in 2009 .
highlights: England will play three Tests in the Caribbean between April 13 and May 5 . They will also play two warm-up matches in St Kitts between April 6 and 9 . First Test to take place at Sir Vivian Richards Stadium from April 13-17 . England last played there in 2009 when just 10 balls were bowled . The match was abandoned after it was deemed unsafe due to excess sand . Second Test will be at Grenada National Stadium between April 21 and 25 . Third and final Test is at the Kensington Oval between May 1 and 5 .
id: 88d699b39b2430b59123a7989758ea93b969ba1d
chatgpt: England will be kicking off their Caribbean tour with two warm-up matches in St Kitts between April 6 and 9 before their first Test against West Indies at the Sir Vivian Richards Stadium from April 13-17. This first match is particularly significant as the last time England played at this ground in 2009, only 10 balls were bowled. After that, the match was abandoned as it was deemed unsafe due to excess sand. Therefore, both teams will be eager to complete a full match this time round. England's second Test against the West Indies will take place at Grenada National Stadium between April 21 and 25. This venue has hosted only one Test match previously when West Indies thrashed England by an innings and 93 runs in 2015. However, England will be hoping for a different result this time as they look to turn the tables on the West Indies. The third and final Test in the series will be at the iconic Kensington Oval between May 1 and 5. This ground has been a regular venue for Test cricket between England and West Indies with the last Test taking place in 2019. In that match, England won by 232 runs with Ben Stokes being named man of the match for his brilliant all-round performance. The upcoming series is crucial for both sides as they gear up for the World Test Championship later this year. England will be looking to build on their recent Test series win against Sri Lanka while West Indies will be aiming to bounce back after a disappointing tour of Bangladesh where they lost both Test matches. In addition to the three Tests, England will also play two warm-up matches in St Kitts which will give them valuable preparation ahead of the Test series. The Caribbean tour will also provide an opportunity for some of the younger players in the squad to stake their claim for a place in the team ahead of the World Test Championship. Overall, the upcoming Test series between England and West Indies promises to be an exciting one with both teams looking to make a statement ahead of the World Test Championship. With a mix of experienced and young players in both squads, fans can expect some thrilling cricket over the course of the series.