article: By . Sarah Griffiths . A new study claims that young adults who care for an animal have stronger social relationships . Plenty of children pester their parents for a puppy or kitten. And now it might be harder for parents to refuse their pleas as a new study claims that young adults who care for an animal have stronger social relationships. U.S. scientists also found that looking after a pet might also boost teenagers’ connections to their communities as well. Animals are used in therapeutic settings where they can have positive effects on children, but little is known about the benefits everyday interactions with animals can bring to young people. ‘Our findings suggest that it may not be whether an animal is present in an individual’s life that is most significant but rather the quality of that relationship,’ said Dr Megan Mueller, a developmental psychologist and research assistant professor at the Cummings School of Veterinary Medicine at Tufts University, Massachusetts, who co-authored the study. ‘The young adults in the study who had strong attachment to pets reported feeling more connected to their communities and relationships,’ she said. Dr Mueller surveyed more than 500 participants aged between 18 and 26 about their attitudes and interaction with animals, for the study which was published in online journal Applied Developmental Science. The young adults in the study who had strong attachment to pets reported feeling more connected to their communities and relationships. A stock image of young volunteers planting a tree is pictured . Their responses were compared to their answers to questions designed to measure positive youth development characteristics such as competence, caring, confidence, connection, and character, as well as feelings of depression. The study found that young adults who cared for animals reported engaging in more ‘contribution’ activities, such as providing service to their community, helping friends or family and demonstrating leadership, than those who did not look after a pet. The more actively they participated in the pet’s care, the higher they scored on their sociable deeds. U.S. scientists also found that caring for a pet (illustrated) might also boost teenagers¿ connections to their communities . The study also found that high levels of attachment to an animal in late adolescence and young adulthood were positively associated with feeling connected with other people, having empathy and feeling confident. ‘We can’t draw causal links with this study but it is a promising starting point to better understanding the role of animals in our lives, especially when we are young,’ said Dr Mueller. To further the research, scientists need to look at how specific features of human experiences are connected with animal experiences, as well as how these relationships develop over time, and look at a larger, more diverse sample of people.
highlights: U.S. psychologists claim that young adults who care for an animal have stronger social relationships . Tufts University study finds that looking after a pet might also boost teenagers’ connections to their communities .
id: 1d7e8a11b08bbaebf423aa200ed6c41efa46439d
chatgpt: According to a study conducted by psychologists at Tufts University, young adults who care for pets tend to have stronger social relationships. The findings of the research, which was published in the Journal of Community Psychology, suggest that young adults who look after pets are more connected to their communities and have stronger bonds with their peers. The study involved a survey of 210 participants, all of whom were either current or former pet owners. The majority of the participants were young adults aged between 18 and 25. The survey included questions about the participants’ relationships with their pets, as well as their social connections and sense of community belonging. The results of the study showed that young adults who took care of pets reported higher levels of social support from family, friends, and other members of their community. They also reported feeling more connected to their local community, and were more likely to participate in community activities and events. The researchers suggest that the benefits of pet ownership for young adults may be due to the social connections and sense of responsibility that come with caring for a pet. In particular, the study found that teenagers who looked after pets were more likely to take on leadership roles in their communities, and were more likely to volunteer their time to help others. “Pets can encourage young adults to engage in more social activities and build stronger community connections, which can have positive impacts on their mental health and well-being,” said Dr. Rachel Kaplan, one of the authors of the study. The benefits of pet ownership for young adults have been known for some time, but this study is one of the first to directly examine the relationship between pet ownership and social connections. The researchers hope that their findings will encourage more young adults to consider adopting pets as a way of enhancing their social lives and sense of community belonging. “By caring for an animal, young adults can not only improve their own well-being, but also contribute to the well-being of their communities,” said Dr. Kaplan. “The benefits of pet ownership are not limited to the individual pet owner, but can also have a positive impact on the wider community.” The researchers suggest that future studies could examine the specific mechanisms through which pet ownership promotes social connections and community involvement, and explore ways in which pets could be used to promote social engagement and community building in young adults. For now, it seems that caring for a pet could be just the thing that young adults need to build stronger relationships and feel more connected to their communities.