article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 02:06 EST, 2 January 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 05:22 EST, 2 January 2014 . A Kansas City nightclub has been forced to apolizize for a distasteful Tweet that used the word 'rape' as an advertising tool for their New Years Eve party, resulting in a social media storm. Aura nightclub, located on Main Street near E 39th Street, posted the message on both its Twitter and Facebook accounts Tuesday afternoon. The post read: 'HOT ANNOUNCEMENT: AURA introduces the anti-rape program... We won't RAPE you on prices on NYE on "all inclusives" where they run out of liquor at 11 pm hahaha' Kansas City nightclub Aura posted this announcement on their Twitter and Facebook pages on Tuesday as promotion for their New Years Eve party, which erupted in crticism . While the post was deleted about 6pm, with the @Aura_KC account closed down not long after, the damage had already been done. Hundreds of tweets and Facebook comments had already been posted in protest. 'This is disgusting. Rape is not an advertising tool, morons! It is a horrific, invasive, violent act!' wrote one person on Twitter. 'Rape isn't a joke, or even a colorful word. Words matter...' wrote another person on the club's Facebook page. 'Disappointed in the poor choice of advertising tools,' one woman commented on the club’s Facebook page. 'Any self respecting woman would not want to set foot in your club after that.' 'Worst social media post of 2013,' someone else tweeted. Bar owner Stuart Solomon apologized for the offending social media post, saying it was never their intention to offend . Bar owner Stuart Solomon said it was a mistake by a staff member who wasn't thinking properly and that the Tweet was taken out of context. 'Bottom line is, I own the bar. I will take responsibility for anything my members put out, and someone made a horrible mistake,' he told KCTV5. 'Obviously, I think we all know they did not mean for the connotation this was taken in, but they should have obviously chose their words much more wisely.' Soloman added that, from now on, he will handle all social media for the venue. Aura describes itself on its website as a 'liquor-fueled playhouse designed for the discerning club goer'.
highlights: In an attempt to get more people to their New years Eve part, Aura nightclub in Kansas City posted a message to their Facebook and Twitter pages . The post read: 'AURA introduces the anti-rape program... We won't RAPE you on prices on NYE on "all inclusives" where they run . out of liquor at 11pm hahaha' The offending message received a barage of complaints from people saying it was offensive and 'disgusting' Bar owner Stuart Soloman quickly deleted it and has since apologized .
id: e142e20da0ed1ab19b8f3394616cb03be68c81e1
chatgpt: Kansas City's Aura nightclub has found itself in hot water after posting a message on its Facebook and Twitter pages that was labeled offensive and "disgusting". The post, which was made in an attempt to draw more people to their New Year's Eve party, read, "AURA introduces the anti-rape program... We won't RAPE you on prices on NYE on "all inclusives" where they run out of liquor at 11pm hahaha". After seeing the post, a barrage of complaints flooded the nightclub's social media pages. Many were outraged and felt that the post was insensitive and trivialized the serious issue of rape. Some commenters accused the nightclub of using rape to sell tickets, while others vowed to boycott the establishment. The post was ultimately taken down by bar owner Stuart Soloman, who has since issued an apology. According to Soloman, the post was intended to be a lighthearted joke but was misunderstood, and the bar did not intend to make light of the issue of rape or offend anyone. However, not everyone is willing to move on from the incident. Many are still expressing their outrage and demanding that the nightclub do more to address the issue of sexual violence. Some are advocating for the implementation of better training and policies to prevent sexual assault in bars and nightclubs, while others are calling for a wider dialogue on the issue. The controversy surrounding the Aura nightclub's post serves as a reminder that even seemingly harmless jokes can have serious consequences. Sexual violence is a serious issue that affects many people, and it is important for businesses and individuals to be sensitive and aware of the impact their words and actions can have. Moving forward, it is unclear what steps the Aura nightclub will take to address the situation. However, the incident has sparked an important conversation about consent and sexual violence that will hopefully lead to a greater understanding and awareness of these issues.