article: Maine authorities gave their most dire judgment yet Thursday as to what they believe happened to missing toddler Ayla Reynolds, with a police spokesman saying "there's nothing we have found that leads us to believe she's alive." "Based on everything we know -- the thousands of hours of investigation, the 1,127 leads that have come in, the searches, the dives and the evidence gathered -- we think it's highly unlikely that Ayla Reynolds will be found alive," said state police spokesman Stephen McCausland. "Nothing points us in that direction. Ayla was 20 months old when her father, Justin DiPietro told police he had put her to bed around 8 p.m. on December 16 in a first-floor bedroom of her grandmother's Waterville, Maine, home. The toddler's father, her aunt and the father's girlfriend were in the home at that time. DiPietro called police the next morning, just before 9 a.m., to report Ayla missing. Authorities believe, as they have said previously, that there was "foul play" involved in the girl's disappearance and they opened a criminal probe, McCausland told reporters Thursday. But her body has not been found and no one has been named a suspect in the case. "She did not leave that home by herself, and she was not abducted," the state police spokesman said. On Thursday, as he has done previously, McCausland suggested the adults in the house with Ayla the night before she was reported missing -- including her father -- have not been totally forthcoming. The police spokesman said there has not been "a lot of communication with the three adults who were inside the home that night." At the same time, he said "it's way premature to start speculating on charging anyone." "They were the adults and they were there, and they may have answers," said McCausland. "Justin was the father, (and) we believe he knows more than he has told us." Authorities called Ayla's parents shortly before Thursday's press conference to tell them they'd be stating they presume their daughter is dead. The toddler's mother, Trista Reynolds, was "thankful for the call," said McCausland, as was DiPietro. As for the father, "His reaction was no reaction," the spokesman said. Local attorney John Nale announced at Thursday's press conference that the $30,000 reward offered for information leading to Ayla or the arrest of the person or persons responsible for her disappearance would expire at the end of June. The hope is that someone will come forward in the next 30 days. Even if they do not, authorities vow that the lapse in the reward offer has no bearing on the investigation. To that point, McCausland promised there will be more searches and that -- even though police are now stating they believe Ayla is dead -- "this is still a missing person's case." "We are committed to this investigation, no matter how long it takes," said Waterville Police Chief Joe Massey, noting two members of his department will remain assigned to the case.
highlights: Ayla Reynolds was 20 months old when her father reported her missing . 166 days later, her body hasn't been found and no one's been named a suspect . A police spokesman says "nothing" leads authorities to "believe she's alive" He says he believes that  Ayla's father "knows more than he has told us"
id: 2d29f3b4f25ba6714a63935634117e6ef9126216
chatgpt: The search for Ayla Reynolds, a 20-month-old toddler, who was reported missing by her father 166 days ago, has still not yielded any significant findings. The police have not named any suspects in the case and have been struggling to make any headway. Ayla was last seen in December 2011 at her father's home in Waterville, Maine. Her father, Justin DiPietro, reported her missing when he discovered she was not in her crib. Since then, there have been no credible sightings of Ayla, and her body has not been discovered. The Waterville police department has been working tirelessly to crack the case since Ayla's disappearance. In a recent press conference, Sgt. Tim Gardiner, a spokesman for the department, revealed that they had no leads to suggest that Ayla was still alive. He said, "nothing leads us to believe she's alive, but we have not stopped searching." Gardiner also expressed his concern regarding Ayla's father, DiPietro. He believes that DiPietro "knows more than he has told us" and could be withholding information that could help lead police to Ayla's whereabouts. Gardiner's suspicions are shared by many, who have been closely following the case. Ayla's mother, Trista Reynolds, has been very vocal about her distrust of DiPietro and his family, who she believes played a role in Ayla's disappearance. In an interview with a local news station, Reynolds said, "I just want to know what happened to my daughter. It's been 166 days, and we still have no answers. It's frustrating and heartbreaking." The case has garnered national attention, and many are hoping for a breakthrough to bring some closure to Ayla's family. The community has rallied behind the Reynolds family, holding candlelight vigils and search parties to help find Ayla, but so far, their efforts have been in vain. The police have not given up on the case, and they continue to follow up on leads and tips from the public. They urge anyone with any information to come forward and help them piece together Ayla's disappearance. As the investigation continues, many are left wondering what could have happened to Ayla. It's a tragic case that has left a deep scar on the community and has brought into focus the issue of missing children and the importance of vigilant parenting. In the meantime, the search for Ayla continues, and the community remains hopeful that there will be a breakthrough soon.