article: By . Lizzie Parry . A nurse is facing a mastectomy after refusing to challenge her doctor's opinion when her concerns over breast cancer were dismissed. Rika Turner did not want to 'overstep the boundaries' by questioning her GP, despite suspecting something was wrong. The 38-year-old went to see a doctor last year, after feeling tenderness in her breast. The mother-of-one from Gloucester was reassured there was nothing sinister to blame, but despite suspecting that was not the case, Ms Turner accepted her doctor's opinion. Scroll down for video . Nurse Rika Turner is facing a mastectomy after a doctor dismissed her breast cancer fears, only to find she had a cancerous lump months later. The mother-of-one said she didn't want to 'be a nuisance' by 'challenging' her GP's opinion . She said she 'didn't want to be a nuisance', and so did not raise doubts. But months later when she raised the problem with her GP she was referred for a scan, which revealed a cancerous lump in her breast. She now faces a mastectomy to remove all the breast tissue, to try and stop the disease spreading. She said: 'My doctor couldn’t feel anything and, although I did, I didn’t want to be a nuisance. 'I . thought the doctor knows best. As a nurse, I didn’t want to overstep . any boundaries by making a self diagnosis or assumptions and I therefore . put my trust in someone of a higher level of education than myself. 'Nobody . wants to think they’ll ever be diagnosed with cancer. I put it to the . back of my mind because I felt reassured by my GP initially.' Ms Turner, who is mother to five-year-old Erica, first noticed her breast was tender last February. She suspected it was hormone-related but went to see her doctor when she felt a lump a few weeks later. Ms Turner said: ''I thought the doctor knows best. As a nurse, I didn¿t want to overstep any boundaries by making a self diagnosis or assumptions and I therefore put my trust in someone of a higher level of education than myself.' Pictured is breast cancer cells under the microscope . After initially being told there was nothing wrong, she raised the issue again several months later when she visited her GP about another matter. It was then she was referred for a scan. 'I already knew it was positive from the look on the radiographer’s face,' she said. The South African native was diagnosed with breast cancer and underwent surgery to remove the cancer, which was orginally 2cm but had spread 5cm. She is due to undergo a mastectomy later in the year and recently took part in Cancer Research’s Race for Life in Cheltenham. 'It was the first time I had taken part in Race for Life. It made me feel good to be part of something positive,' she said. 'I would not be where I am today without the research Race for Life helps to pay for.'
highlights: Nurse Rika Turner, 38, first felt tenderness in her breast last February . Her GP told her there was nothing sinister to blame . But despite suspecting something was wrong she 'didn't want to be a nuisance' by challenging her doctor's opinion . Several months later she raised the issue of the lump a second time . Her GP sent her for a scan which revealed a cancerous lump . Ms Turner is set to have a mastectomy to remove the at-risk breast tissue .
id: 1295fefe38cd0ed501e08bf5d3077ebde354a2d6
chatgpt: A nurse has spoken out about her breast cancer ordeal after her GP missed a tumour twice. Rika Turner, 38, first felt tenderness in her breast last February, but her doctor told her there was nothing sinister to blame. Despite suspecting something was wrong, the nurse "didn't want to be a nuisance" by challenging her doctor's opinion. Several months later, Turner raised the issue of the lump a second time, but it wasn't until she insisted on further investigation that she was sent for a scan. Sadly, the results revealed a cancerous lump. Now Turner is set to have a mastectomy to remove the at-risk breast tissue and is sharing her story in the hope of raising awareness. Turner, who works as a clinical nurse specialist in chronic obstructive pulmonary disorder and asthma, said she felt a "tingling sensation" in her left breast for several weeks. She said: "I went to my GP who examined me and told me it was just a cyst and nothing to worry about. Despite feeling like something was not right, I decided to trust my GP and not question the diagnosis." However, the lump didn't go away, and in June, Turner went back to her GP when the pain increased. This time, she saw a different doctor who also confirmed it was just a cyst. But after several weeks of persistent pain, Turner's gut feeling told her it was more than that, and she demanded further investigations. Thankfully, her intuition was correct, and tests revealed it was cancerous. Turner is now urging people not to be afraid to speak out if they feel something is wrong. She said: "In my experience, you know your body better than anyone else. I regret not pushing harder for the lump to be checked sooner, but I didn't want to waste anyone's time. If you have any concerns, even if they seem small, please talk to your GP. It could save your life." Dr. Ian Watson, a GP and clinical lead at cancer charity Macmillan Cancer Support, said: "Although it's rare for cancer to be missed twice by a doctor, GPs are human and can make mistakes. If you're worried, the best thing to do is book an appointment to have your symptoms checked. The earlier cancer is diagnosed, the better the chances of successful treatment." Breast cancer is the most common cancer in the UK, with one in eight women diagnosed during their lifetime. Symptoms can include a lump, changes to the shape or size of the breast, thickening, dimpling or puckering of the skin, and nipple discharge or a rash. If you experience any of these symptoms, speak to your GP as soon as possible.