article: By . Amanda Williams . A care home nurse was allegedly so drunk at work that she confused a teddy bear with a baby, a hearing was told today. Violet Ruto attended the Ashton Grange Nursing Home in Horsham, West Sussex while intoxicated on repeated occasions and was so unsteady on her feet she had to be removed from the building, it was said. She was also found sleeping in one of the rooms during her shift on New Year’s Eve, the Nursing and Midwifery Council heard. Care home nurse Violet Ruto attended the Ashton Grange Nursing Home in Horsham, West Sussex while intoxicated on repeated occasions and was so unsteady on her feet she had to be removed from the building, it has been said . It is alleged that she asked a resident if they were holding a baby when it was actually a teddy bear on one occasion. The nurse is facing a string of charges relating to claims she was unfit for work on at least four occasions. Care home manager Carmel Rigby said she received a phone call at home at 10.15pm on December 1, 2010, to say that Ruto had turned up drunk for her night shift. She said: ‘My instant reaction was shock, I couldn’t believe a nurse would come into work under the influence of alcohol. ‘When I arrived at the home I found Violet with her coat on and her bag packed - she was very meek. ‘I asked what was going on and she said "I’m fine". Hearing: Laura Kane will appear at the Nursing and Midwifery Council tomorrow. She denies the nurse denies taking compassionate leave and lying about her qualifications . ‘Her speech was slurred, her mouth was screwed up and she was speaking in an unusual tone. ‘Her eyes were bloodshot and she smelled of alcohol. ‘I had noted that she often wore a lot of body spray or perfume to work which I thought could have been to mask the smell of alcohol. ‘She could barely stand by herself. ‘Violet required staff to remove her from the premises as she was so unsteady on her feet.’ Ruto claimed she had not been drinking at all but was suffering from a migraine during an interview about her conduct. The alleged incidents are all said to have taken place in December 2010. If she is found guilty of misconduct Ruto could be suspended or struck off. She has not attended the tribunal and is not represented. The hearing continues. Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
highlights: Violet Ruto attended Ashton Grange Nursing Home, Horsham, 'while drunk' Allegedly found sleeping in one of rooms during her shift on New Year’s Eve . Nurse facing string of charges relating to claims she was unfit for work . If she is found guilty of misconduct Ruto could be suspended or struck off .
id: eacf5a85af228464cede6bb676312122b7c6a9b0
chatgpt: A nurse is facing a string of charges after being allegedly found drunk and sleeping in one of the rooms at Ashton Grange Nursing Home, Horsham, during her shift on New Year’s Eve. Violet Ruto appeared before a disciplinary panel at the Nursing and Midwifery Council (NMC) to face the allegations. The hearing heard that Ruto was found in a "deep sleep" by a colleague during her shift at the nursing home. The colleague immediately reported the matter to the management, who then called the police. Upon arrival of the authorities, Ruto was found to be under the influence of alcohol. Ruto now faces charges of misconduct relating to her fitness to practice as a nurse. The NMC panel heard that Ruto put patients at risk by attending work while drunk and asleep on duty. The panel also noted that Ruto was wearing her uniform at the time of the alleged incident. If found guilty, Ruto could be suspended or struck off the nursing register, thereby losing her right to practice as a nurse. The panel will hear all evidence relating to the case before reaching a decision. The case has highlighted the importance of ensuring that nursing staff remains sober and alert whilst on duty to provide the highest standards of care to patients. Ashton Grange Nursing Home has been praised for taking swift action in reporting the incident to the authorities. A spokesperson for the nursing home stated that the safety and wellbeing of residents is their top priority and they will not tolerate any behavior that places them at risk. The home is conducting its own internal investigation to establish how Ruto was able to enter the facility in a drunken state. This incident is a stark reminder of the challenges that nursing homes face in recruiting and retaining staff who are willing to work unsociable hours. The nursing home is now reviewing its recruitment and training procedures to ensure that they can prevent incidents such as this from happening in the future. The NMC has emphasized that the public should have confidence in the nursing profession, which is expected to exhibit the highest standards of care and professionalism at all times. This case serves to reinforce the message that anyone found guilty of misconduct will face serious consequences that could lead to being struck off the nursing register. Overall, this case highlights the need for the nursing profession to maintain high standards of care and professionalism at all times. Patients have a right to expect that nurses will be sober, alert and fully capable of providing them with the care they need. The outcome of the hearing will be closely watched by those within the profession and the public alike.