article: (CNN)  -- Stop, speed racers, stop. Police say the cars were pulled over on a dangerous stretch of Highway 18 near Grand Ronde, Oregon. So said Oregon State Senior Trooper David Petersen after he was able to catch up with six exotic sports cars on a stretch of Highway 18 near Grand Ronde on Thursday, according to a news release. Perhaps a more amazing feat was that he stopped all the cars simultaneously. "They just were all good little soldiers and pulled right over," Oregon State Police spokesman Lt. Gregg Hastings told CNN. One of the drivers was later cited again on a different highway. The drivers of the cars -- consisting of Ferraris, a Lamborghini and an Acura NSX -- told Petersen they were part of a group of 20 similar cars making an annual road trip, the news release said. They were all cordial and cooperative, and were cited with speed racing, a class A traffic violation that can command a fine of $627, Hastings said. After receiving reports Thursday morning that several sports cars were speeding and passing in no-pass zones west of Grand Ronde, Petersen set up east of the casino town, near McMinnville, and waited. Five of the cars soon blew past him, running about 100 mph in a 55-mph zone, Hastings said. As Petersen pulled onto Highway 18 in pursuit, a sixth car passed him. "I guess when you're going too fast, you're in a rock and a hard place," Hastings said. Highway 18 runs from Dayton, Oregon, in the Willamette Valley to the Pacific coast. The stretch where the cars were cited is considered particularly dangerous and the Oregon Department of Transportation provides additional funding to enforce traffic laws there, Hastings said. About two hours after the incident, another trooper pulled over the Lamborghini from the group in Multnomah Falls, about 90 miles east. The driver of the car, which bore the the license plate "BADBUL," was cited for driving 90 in a 65-mph zone, according to a news release.
highlights: Police: 6 exotic sport cars, mostly Ferraris, pulled over "like good little soldiers" Polite drivers reportedly told police they were making annual road trip . Fine for speed racing is $627, police say . Lamborghini with tag "BADBUL" pulled over again later in day, police say .
id: 859006fd2dab10226e6bc6b44f68d29b97c12b67
chatgpt: In a surprising turn of events, a group of six exotic sports cars, mostly Ferraris, were pulled over by the police in what can only be described as a very polite encounter. According to reports, the drivers of these high-end vehicles were cooperative and even complied with the instructions given by law enforcement officials.  The reason for the traffic stop was reportedly related to a speed racing incident that had occurred earlier in the day. Despite the fact that the drivers were engaging in a potentially dangerous activity, they allegedly told the police that they were simply enjoying their annual road trip.  As a result of their cooperation, the drivers avoided any major fines or penalties. The cost for engaging in speed racing in that jurisdiction is said to be a steep $627, but the drivers were apparently spared this expense.  However, it seems that one of the members of the group did not learn their lesson the first time around. Later in the day, a Lamborghini with a tag that read "BADBUL" was pulled over again by the police. It is unknown whether or not this vehicle was part of the earlier group, but regardless, the driver was reportedly cooperative and polite when interacting with the authorities.  The incident has sparked a debate online about the behavior of exotic car owners and their tendency to engage in reckless driving. Many commenters have argued that these individuals should be held to a higher standard due to the power and speed of their vehicles.  Others have pointed out that the drivers in this particular case were not necessarily being dangerous, and that they were simply enjoying their passion for cars. Regardless of one's opinion on the matter, it is clear that the drivers in this incident were lucky to avoid any serious trouble with the police, and that they demonstrated a commendable level of respect for the law.  As of now, it is unclear whether or not any further action will be taken against the members of the exotic car group. However, it is certainly a reminder to all drivers to be mindful of the laws and regulations governing the roads, even when behind the wheel of a high-performance vehicle.