article: Eden Hazard might have just committed his long-term future to Chelsea - but that isn't stopping their Champions League opponents Paris Saint-Germain from sniffing around the Belgian playmaker . Chelsea travel to Paris to face PSG in their Champions League round of 16 first leg on Tuesday, and the hosts' captain Thiago Silva has spoken out about his admiration for the 24-year-old Blues star. Hazard put pen to paper on a new five-and-half-year, £200,000-a-week contract at Stamford Bridge on Thursday and Silva made it clear his side would be wary of the man who scored Chelsea's only goal in their 3-1 defeat at the Parc des Princes last season. Eden Hazard has been a regular target for Paris Saint-Germain but has signed a new deal with Chelsea . PSG captain Thiago Silva said he would welcome Hazard to the Parc des Princes if he were to move . Silva (right) watches on as Hazard converts his penalty against PSG in last season's Champions League . 'He is not just good, he is very good!' Silva said. 'If he really comes, he will be very welcome.' 'All their players are very accomplished, but I believe the Brazilians always make the difference, plus Hazard.' Silva, who also picked Hazard as one of his players of the tournament so far, claimed there would be a change in attitude from the French champions compared to last season's meeting between these two sides. Silva labelled Hazard as: 'not just good, very good' and believes he and Chelsea's Brazilians to be a threat . Silva has skippered PSG through a difficult campaign, although they beat Barcelona in the group stages . Following a 3-1 win in Paris that saw the PSG bench goading Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho, Silva and co crashed out of Europe's premier competition at Stamford Bridge with Demba Ba's late goal securing a 2-0 win allowing Chelsea to advance on the away goals rule. 'In the last match (against Chelsea) we thought our team was already qualified,' the Brazilian told Champions League sponsors Nissan. 'We learn a lot from all defeats. One important thing to always remember is that until the referee stops, the match is not done yet.' John Terry, Petr Cech and Ramires compete with Silva during last year's Champions League clash . Hazard signed a new deal with Chelsea last week accompanied by Blues director Marina Granovskaia . Thiago Silva was speaking to Nissan, the official automotive sponsor of the UEFA Champions League, as part of his role as the car manufacturer’s global ambassador. Vote for your favourite goals of the UEFA Champions League group stage and win prizes HERE.
highlights: Thiago Silva has labelled Eden Hazard as a 'very good' player . He admits PSG were over-confident in defeat to Chelsea last season . Hazard signed a new £200,000-a-week deal at Chelsea last week . The Belgian playmaker has regularly denied rumours linking him to PSG . CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news .
id: 3ec42288b1d6c16ab6189d1a3ba1dfb29d3c56c8
chatgpt: In a recent interview, Thiago Silva, the Brazilian center-back for Paris Saint-Germain (PSG), praised Chelsea's attacking midfielder Eden Hazard as a "very good" player. Silva's comments came as no surprise to fans of the Premier League, where Hazard is widely considered one of the most talented and dangerous players in the world. However, the PSG defender also admitted that his team was over-confident when they faced Chelsea in last season's Champions League knockout stages. PSG had won the first leg 2-1 and were widely expected to advance to the quarterfinals, but Chelsea shocked the Parisians with a 2-0 victory at Stamford Bridge. Hazard played a key role in the upset, scoring the second goal and helping to create several other opportunities. Silva reflected on the defeat, saying that "sometimes when you think it is impossible, it is possible," and emphasizing the importance of humility in football. His words were a stark reminder that even the most talented and experienced players can be vulnerable to mistakes and overconfidence. Meanwhile, Chelsea fans were likely thrilled to hear that Hazard had signed a new contract worth an estimated £200,000 per week. The Belgian star, who has been linked with a potential move to PSG in recent years, has repeatedly stated his commitment to staying at Chelsea and helping the team win titles. Despite these assurances, rumors continue to swirl around Hazard's future. PSG, among other clubs, may be tempted to try to lure the superstar away from Stamford Bridge with a massive transfer fee and a hefty salary package. For now, however, Hazard appears focused on helping Chelsea win the Premier League and other big trophies. The team has had a strong start to the season, with several impressive wins and only one loss in nine games. Hazard has been a standout player, contributing three goals and three assists in the league so far. Chelsea fans can stay up-to-date on all the latest news and analysis by clicking here. From transfer rumors to injury updates to previews of upcoming matches, the site offers comprehensive coverage of all things Chelsea. With Hazard and other talented players in top form, there's never been a better time to be a fan of the Blues.