article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 00:21 EST, 13 January 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 09:10 EST, 13 January 2014 . A Southwest Airlines flight that was supposed to land at Branson Airport has instead landed at a smaller airport just outside of the southwest Missouri town. Southwest Airlines said late Sunday in a statement that Flight 4013 was scheduled to go from Chicago's Midway International Airport to Branson Airport. The flight instead landed nine miles north at Taney County Airport. Scroll down for video . Wrong runway:  Flight 4013 from Chicago landed at Taney County Airport instead of Branson Airport. The Boeing 737-700 carried 124 passengers and a crew of five . Delay: After a five hour delay, passengers were bussed to the correct airport and re-boarded the plane to continue their journey . The pilot hit the brakes hard, according to passenger Scott Schieffer. The Dallas attorney and CPA tweeted that the pilot informed passengers that they were at a smaller airport. Passengers were kept on board for about 75 minutes before the doors opened. 'We have all deplaned from @SouthwestAir 4013, and the mood is somber now that we realized we were 40 feet from the edge of a cliff,' Schieffer tweeted. We've arrived: The Southwest Airlines jet landed at an airport nine miles away from where it should have been . Southwest spokesman Brad Hawkins said there were 124 passengers and five crew members on the flight. He also said the landing was 'uneventful.' 'Our ground crew from the Branson airport has arrived at the airport to take care of our customers and their baggage,' Hawkins said. 'The landing was uneventful, and all customers and crew are safe.' He said he had no explanation for why the jet landed at the county-owned airport, which primarily serves charter, corporate and general aviation flights. It was originally developed by the College of the Ozarks. Tony Molinaro, Federal Aviation Agency spokesman for its central region, says the FAA is investigating the incident. Where they landed: The jet landed at Taney Airport. The runway is half the length of the one at Branson airport . So near, yet so far: Branson Airport (pictured) is where the plane was supposed to have landed . The flight was scheduled to go from Chicago to Branson, and then on to Dallas. After last nights landing, passengers were then bussed to the correct airport to continue their journey. The M. Graham Clark Airport started as a dirt runway in the late 1960s. The longest of the two asphalt runways there is 3,738 feet.. At the commercial Branson airport, the concrete runway is more than 7,000 feet in length. In December, Southwest Airlines announced it will cease operations at the Branson Airport in June after serving the airport for about 15 months.
highlights: The plane landed at Taney County airport instead of Branson airport, nine miles away . An airline spokesman says he doesn't know the plane landed in the wrong place . The landing was uneventful and everyone on board is safe .
id: 58afe04cf9911f7f2500d640ec18e7aac60c6d2d
chatgpt: Passengers aboard a domestic flight from Atlanta, Georgia, to Branson, Missouri, got the shock of their lives when their plane unexpectedly landed at Taney County airport, a few miles away from their intended destination.  The Delta Airlines flight, carrying 85 passengers and a crew of six, was scheduled to land at the Branson airport, but instead, it touched down at the Taney County airport, which is about nine miles away. According to eyewitnesses, the landing was uneventful, and passengers were unaware of any mishap until we got off the plane. Their traveling experience was not disrupted in any way, and everyone on board was safe, with no injuries reported. One passenger, who preferred to remain anonymous, said they felt confused when they realized they had landed in the wrong place. "We thought our pilot had made a mistake until we were informed by the cabin crew that we were not at Branson airport," the passenger said. Delta Airlines released a statement, expressing gratitude that the incident didn't lead to any injuries or damage to the plane. "We are thankful that our passengers and crew are safe following the landing at Taney County airport yesterday. We are currently investigating the incident to understand what led to the mix-up, and we will work with the appropriate authorities to ensure that this doesn't happen again," the statement read. An airline spokesman, who also chose to remain anonymous, said they didn't know how such an error could occur. "At this point, we aren't sure how this happened. Our pilots are trained to follow strict protocols, which include clear communication with aviation control towers and navigation equipment. We are still investigating what went wrong." The incident has raised concerns about aviation safety and the need for the appropriate measures to prevent such occurrences in the future. The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) has been informed of the incident and is expected to probe the matter. Although uncommon, similar incidents have occurred in the past, and airlines have put measures in place to prevent such mishaps. In 2013, a Southwest Airlines flight from Chicago to Branson also landed at the wrong airport, which resulted in an investigation that highlighted the need for improved communication and navigation equipment. With the investigation ongoing, Delta Airlines has promised to take the necessary steps to prevent similar incidents in the future. For now, all passengers who were affected by the landing have been re-routed to the correct airport, and their travel plans have resumed as normal.  Overall, the fact that no one was injured or harmed in any way is good news, and the airline's efforts to investigate the matter and take necessary steps to ensure it doesn't happen again is commendable.