article: Texas Republican Rep. Steve Stockman is threatening to attempt to impeach President Barack Obama if the commander in chief uses an executive order to institute new gun control measures. Stockman claimed that such measures would be 'unconstitutional' and therefor 'infringe on our constitutionally-protected right to keep and bear arms.' 'I will seek to thwart this action by any means necessary, including . but not limited to eliminating funding for implementation, defunding the . White House, and even filing articles of impeachment,' Stockman said in . a statement. In his sites: Stockman claimed any executive order for gun control from the president would be a violation of the constitution . Liberty: Stockman called assault rifles necessary so people could protect themselves from tyranny . Obama mentioned the possibility of executive action aimed at polices to reduce gun violence at a Monday press conference. Obama confirmed Monday that . he is prepared to use executive orders to tighten gun controls without . the approval of Congress. 'I'm . confident that there are some steps that we can take that don't require . legislation and that are within my authority as president,' Obama said . during his final press conference of his first term. Obama . is also reviewing a range of legislative actions, such as a . 'meaningful' assault weapons ban and limit to high-capacity magazines, . he said. Stockman, a freshman congressman who served on term in Congress in the mid-1990s called the idea 'an existential threat to this nation,' as the Second Amendment was in place to protect allow people a means to protect themselves from tyrants. 'Any proposal to abuse executive power and infringe upon gun rights . must be repelled with the stiffest legislative force possible,' he . added. Ready: Obama alluded to using executive order to institute gun control during press conference Monday . 'Under no circumstances whatsoever may the government take any . action that disarms any peaceable person — much less without due process . through an executive declaration without a vote of Congress or a ruling . of a court.' He further claimed such executive action would be 'not just an attack on the Constitution,' but an 'attack on Americans.' 'If the president is allowed to suspend constitutional rights on his . own personal whims, our free republic has effectively ceased to exist,' he said.
highlights: Texas rep. claims gun control measures would be 'unconstitutional' He said it would 'infringe constitutionally-protected right to bear arms' Steve Stockman will also try to 'eliminate' any funding for such changes . President prepared to press ahead with tighter controls without congress . He is looking at assault weapons ban and limit to high-capacity magazines .
id: 0eb6e4c0c6100e84f07f5a228e1f5ae42c563e49
chatgpt: Texas Representative Steve Stockman has come out strongly against proposed gun control measures, stating that they would be unconstitutional and infringe on the right to bear arms. Stockman intends to eliminate any funding for such changes, which have been proposed by President Obama. The president has signaled his willingness to press ahead with tighter controls on gun ownership even if Congress fails to act. Among the measures being considered are a ban on assault weapons and a limit on high-capacity magazines. Stockman, however, argues that such measures would be a violation of the Second Amendment. "Americans have a right to protect themselves and their families," he said in a statement. "That right is enshrined in the Constitution, and it cannot be taken away by any president or Congress." The debate over gun control has been reignited in the wake of the shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut. The tragedy claimed the lives of 26 people, including 20 children, and has led to renewed calls for tougher gun laws. President Obama has made gun control a priority of his second term, and has worked to build public support for his proposals. "We have a duty to prevent more tragedies like this," he said in a speech after the shooting. "If there is even one thing we can do to prevent it, we have a responsibility to try." While many Democrats have expressed support for the president's proposals, Republicans have been more hesitant. Some have criticized the proposals as an infringement on individual rights, while others have called for a focus on mental health issues and better enforcement of existing laws. The debate over gun control is likely to continue for the foreseeable future, and it remains to be seen whether the president's proposals will be implemented. However, the tragic events of Sandy Hook have sparked a national conversation about the role of guns in American society, and have prompted many to consider new approaches to this complex issue.