article: (CNN) -- The Texas House of Representatives approved a measure Wednesday that would place broad new restrictions on abortions in the state. A state Senate committee is scheduled to vote Thursday on whether to send its version of the bill to the full Senate. The legislation would ban abortions past 20 weeks of gestation, require abortion clinics to become ambulatory surgical centers, tighten usage guidelines for the drug RU486 and require doctors who perform abortions to have admitting privileges at a hospital within 30 miles of the clinic at which they're providing abortion services. The House's move comes two weeks after state Sen. Wendy Davis tried to block the bill with a filibuster, talking for more than 10 hours in an attempt to run out the clock on the legislative session. Gov. Rick Perry called a special session so the legislature could take up the measure again. The measure passed the House on Wednesday with a 98-49 vote after hours of debate over proposed amendments. In Texas, fetal pain factors into abortion debate . Critics said the measure would shut down most abortion clinics in Texas, denying access to many in rural communities, and force women to seek dangerous back alley abortions. Many Democrats, like Rep. Mary Gonzales, felt the motives for the legislation were less than pure. "Is this bill more about women's health or political futures," she asked Tuesday. But for Republicans like Rep. Jason Villalba, the bill's passage was intensely personal. Holding up a sonogram of his 13-week-old son, he voiced his support. "I will fight, and I will fight, and I will fight to protect my baby," he said. Proponents say that the bill is necessary to raise the standard of care for women in Texas and will protect 20-week-old babies at the point that they begin to have the ability to feel pain. On Tuesday, Davis conceded to CNN the abortion legislation was likely to pass this time around. "It will be very difficult because unfortunately the voices that have been here crying out against this bill are not going to be heard," Davis told CNN. "But I don't think it's the end. It's the beginning of a battle line," she added. Federal judge temporarily blocks new Wisconsin abortion law . In Ireland, upcoming vote could ease total ban on abortions .
highlights: Measure would require abortion clinics to become ambulatory surgical centers . It also would ban abortions past 20 weeks of gestation . State Senate panel to vote on whether to advance measure Thursday . Senator tried to kill the bill two weeks ago, but governor called special session to take it up .
id: 8ca3a4bd82ceb0806084b949600c23d1ca6b3dc9
chatgpt: A state Senate panel is set to vote on a controversial abortion measure that would require abortion clinics to become ambulatory surgical centers and also ban abortions beyond 20 weeks of gestation. The bill has stirred fierce debate in the state, and its supporters argue that it aims to ensure the safety of patients who undergo abortion procedures. The measure, which was introduced by lawmakers earlier this year, is slated to be voted on tomorrow, according to sources familiar with the matter. While some lawmakers have expressed their support for the bill, others have voiced their concerns about its potential impact on women's access to healthcare. Two weeks ago, a senator attempted to kill the bill, but the governor called a special session to take it up again. The senator argued that the measure was unnecessary and would only serve to restrict women's access to abortion services. However, the governor disagreed and said that the bill was necessary to protect the health and safety of women who undergo abortions. Opponents of the bill argue that it would shut down many small clinics in the state and force women to travel long distances to access abortion services. They also say that the bill's 20-week gestational limit is arbitrary and would prevent women from accessing abortions that they need. Proponents of the bill, on the other hand, say that it is necessary to ensure that abortion clinics meet the same standards as other healthcare facilities. They say that the ambulatory surgical center requirement would help prevent complications from arising during abortion procedures. If the bill is passed, many clinics would be forced to make significant upgrades to their facilities or be forced to shut down altogether. The implications of this could be far-reaching, as many women in the state may be left without access to safe and legal abortion services. The bill's supporters argue that it is an important step forward in ensuring that women's health is protected, while its opponents say that it is a thinly veiled attempt to restrict access to abortion services. The state Senate panel's vote tomorrow will determine the future of the bill, which has been the center of much controversy and debate in recent weeks.