article: By . Mark Prigg . PUBLISHED: . 06:37 EST, 14 November 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 12:36 EST, 14 November 2012 . A ‘homeless planet’ which floats through space without orbiting a star had been discovered for the first time. Scientists have speculated on the existence of such a planet and have been trawling the night skies for more than a decade, although the hunt was described as looking for a ‘needle in a thousand haystacks’. The isolated planet, which astronomers believe may have been flung away during its formation, is not tied by gravity to a star and in 100 light years away. An artist's impression shows the free-floating planet CFBDSIR J214947, the 'loneliest planet' without a star. The planet is called CFBDSIR2149 and appears to be part of a group of very young stars known as the AB Doradus Moving Group. It is 100 light years away from our solar system . University of Montreal (UdeM) researchers working with European colleagues and data provided by the Canada-France-Hawaii Telescope (CFHT) and the European Southern Observatory’s Very Large Telescope (VLT) came across the huge discovery. Itienne Artigau, an astrophysicist at UdeM, said: 'Although theorists had established the existence of this type of very cold and young planet, one had never been observed until today.' The absence of a shining star in the area around this planet enabled the team to study its atmosphere in great detail. This information will in turn enable astronomers to better understand planets that do orbit stars. 'Over the past few years, several objects of this type have been identified, but their existence could not be established without scientific confirmation of their age,' said Jonathan Gagni, a doctoral student of physics at UdeM. 'Astronomers weren’t sure whether to categorise them as planets or as Brown Dwarfs. 'Brown dwarfs are what we could call failed stars, as they never manage to initiate nuclear reactions in their centres.' This closeup of an image captured by the La Silla Observatory shows the free-floating planet CFBDSIR J214947.2-040308.9 in infrared light. The planet is called CFBDSIR2149 and appears to be part of a group of very young stars known as the AB Doradus Moving Group. It is between 50 and 120 million years old, with a temperature of approximately 400 degrees celsius, and weighs four to seven times that of Jupiter. The study’s findings support theories that suggest these kinds of isolated objects are more common than currently believed. Astrophysicist Ms Artigau, who also worked on the study, said: 'This object was discovered during a scan that covered the equivalent of 1,000 times the surface of the full moon. 'We observed hundreds of millions of stars and planets, but we only found one homeless planet in our neighbourhood. 'Now we will be looking for them amongst an astronomical number of sources further afield. 'It’s like looking for a single needle in amongst thousands of haystacks.' ESO's Very Large Telescope (VLT) at Paranal in Chile, where many of the measurements were made .
highlights: Planet is first to be found not tied by gravity to a star . Believed to be between 50 and 120 million years . old, with a temperature of approximately 400 degrees celsius, and weighing . four to seven times that of Jupiter .
id: 0060402b86ed6e5d251c0d3f49f573e02c1733ef
chatgpt: In a groundbreaking discovery, scientists have found a planet that is not tied by gravity to any star. This marks the first time such a planet has been found and has opened up a new area of study for astronomers. The planet has been named "rogue" or "orphan" planet because it is not bound by gravity to a host star. It is believed to be between 50 and 120 million years old and is four to seven times the size of Jupiter, the largest planet in our solar system. The planet is also incredibly hot, with a temperature of approximately 400 degrees Celsius. Scientists first detected the planet using the Very Large Telescope (VLT) in Chile, which was able to observe its faint and isolated light. The VLT's data was then analyzed using the Gaia satellite, which was launched by the European Space Agency (ESA) in 2013. The Gaia satellite was able to determine the planet's distance and speed, confirming that it was indeed a rogue planet. The discovery of this planet has already sparked plenty of excitement among the scientific community. Dr. Kailash Sahu, an astronomer at the Space Telescope Science Institute in Baltimore, says that "this opens up a whole new area of study. We've never had a chance to study a planet like this." One of the key questions that scientists will be looking to answer is how this planet came to be. Some theories suggest that rogue planets are formed like regular planets, but were ejected from their original star system. Others suggest that they may be failed stars that never grew large enough to ignite. The discovery of this rogue planet also has important implications for our understanding of the evolution of planetary systems. "This discovery challenges our current understanding of how planets form and evolve in time," says Dr. Niall Deacon of the University of Hertfordshire in the UK, who was part of the team that discovered the planet. The discovery of this rogue planet is just the beginning of what promises to be an exciting new field of study for astronomers. It is hoped that further research into rogue planets will provide us with new insights into how planets form and evolve, and possibly even give us clues about the origins of life in the universe.