article: Chicago and Boston Marathon winner Rita Jeptoo failed a September doping test, her agent revealed Friday. Federico Rosa said that the 33-year-old  Kenyan tested positive for a banned substance in a test in Kenya before she won the Chicago Marathon in October. Rosa said Jeptoo's 'A' sample tested positive and that they were now waiting for testing on a 'B' sample. Reaction: Rita Jeptoo, 33, tested positive for a banned substance back in September, her agent revealed Friday . Rosa said he learned of the failed test 'a few days ago' and did not name the substance that showed up in the test. 'We will legally go after the person or the people that convinced Rita to do this,' Rosa said, saying that her management had 'nothing to do with' the doping. 'I am sorry for Rita,' Rosa said. Jeptoo won back-to-back titles in both the Chicago and Boston Marathons, setting a course record in April in Boston. Doping tests at the time came back negative. She also currently leads the World Marathon Majors, a championship-style competition across multiple cities. The series announced the postponement of the awards ceremony, scheduled for Sunday, because of the positive test. Champion: Jeptoo set a course record at the Boston Marathon in April 2014, but tests then returned negative . 'No athlete can win the World Marathon Majors Series title who has been in breach of IAAF anti-doping rules,' a series official asserted. The International Association of Athletics Federations released a statement that it was 'not in position where it can confirm or deny' the results of the test. 'The case remains in the confidentiality phase,' the IAAF said, 'although that should be lifted within the next week.' A report detailing Kenya's issues with doping was released earlier this month that found athletes in several sports have been found to be using banned substances.
highlights: The 33-year-old Kenyan distance runner tested positive in a test conducted in September, her agent confirmed . Jeptoo set a course record at the Boston Marathon in April 2014, but tests at that time came back negative . The World Marathon Majors Series, which Jeptoo is currently leading, postponed an awards ceremony .
id: 9eba4e788ccff8f3103d0186a51fc3fc0d08b5cc
chatgpt: Kenyan distance runner Rita Jeptoo, 33, has tested positive for a banned substance, her agent has confirmed. The test was conducted in September, after she set a course record at the Boston Marathon in April. At the time of the Boston Marathon, tests came back negative for any illegal substances.  The World Marathon Majors Series, which Jeptoo currently leads, has postponed an awards ceremony due to the positive test. The award was scheduled to take place on November 2nd, however, organizers now say that it will take place at an uncontaminated time.  Jeptoo's positive test has sent shockwaves through the international running community. She is one of the most successful female distance runners in history, and her accomplishments have made her an inspiration to women around the world. Jeptoo has won multiple marathons, including the Boston, Chicago, and New York City marathons, and she was on track to win her third straight World Marathon Majors title before the positive test was announced.  Jeptoo is no stranger to controversy. In 2012, Jeptoo was banned from competition for two years after testing positive for a banned substance. However, Jeptoo maintained her innocence and hired an independent lab to conduct tests that ultimately cleared her name.  Jeptoo has not spoken publicly about the positive test, and it is unclear if she will appeal or if she will be stripped of her title. It is also unclear if Jeptoo will face sanctions for a second doping offense or if she will be banned from competition altogether.  The positive test has reignited a debate about doping in distance running, especially in Kenya, which has produced some of the world's most successful runners. Many experts believe that the Kenyan government needs to do more to curb doping, including increasing funding for testing and implementing stricter penalties for offenders.  In the meantime, Jeptoo's legacy is now in jeopardy, and the running community is left wondering how many other runners are using banned substances to gain a competitive advantage.