article: (CNN) -- An alleged commander for the Taliban and affiliated Haqqani network appeared in a U.S. court Tuesday to face a host of charges -- from supporting terrorism to attempted murder of an American citizen -- tied to a 2009 attack in Afghanistan. Irek Ilgiz Hamidullin was in a federal court in Alexandria, Virginia, just outside of Washington, on Tuesday, less than a month after his indictment and on the same day that the charging document against him was released. His arraignment is scheduled for Friday, according to the Department of Justice. According to the indictment, Hamidullin is a Russian citizen who once served in that nation's military as an officer and tank commander. He has been a follower of Mullah Omar, the head of the Taliban movement in Afghanistan, since 2001. By 2009, the document alleges, Hamidullin was fighting for the Taliban and the Haqqani network, an organization the United States has designated as a foreign terrorist network. He allegedly coordinated an attack on Camp Leyza, an Afghan Border Police compound in eastern Afghanistan's Khost province, in November of that year. Directing a large arsenal of weapons -- including machine guns, grenades, a portable rocket, an anti-aircraft gun and a recoilless rifle, the latter two of which were aimed to fire upon U.S. military aircraft should they arrive on site -- Hamidullin led the attack and then personally fired on U.S. and Afghan forces with a machine gun, the indictment states. The document did not state the result of the attack, but said "a large number of insurgents were killed." The Justice Department stated that the U.S. military took Hamidullin into custody then. The Russian citizen, now about 55 years old, was turned over to the FBI on Monday. Charges he faces include conspiring to provide and providing material support for terrorists, conspiring and attempting to destroy a U.S. aircraft, as well as conspiring and attempting to kill a U.S. government employee -- in this case, members of the U.S. military. Under federal law, a person doesn't have to have committed a crime in the United States for charges to be filed against them in U.S. courts. That's because laws for things like supporting terrorists or trying to kill U.S. citizens or employees apply outside of American soil. In fact, many people have been brought back to the United States to be tried for attacks committed overseas. Still, it's rare for such charges to come out of the ongoing hostilities in Afghanistan. "This is very unusual," said Yale Law School Professor Eugene Fidell. CNN's Evan Perez contributed to this report.
highlights: A federal grand jury indicted Irek Ilgiz Hamidullin for 2009 attack on an Afghan base . Hamidullin is a Russian citizen who allegedly fought for the Taliban and Haqqani network . He faces 12 charges, including terror support and attempted murder of a U.S. citizen . "This is very unusual," a legal expert says of the case .
id: 530005f801faf2d1410870b87ae95220f738acd1
chatgpt: A federal grand jury has indicted Russian citizen Irek Ilgiz Hamidullin for his alleged involvement in a 2009 attack on a military base in Afghanistan. Hamidullin, who is said to have fought for both the Taliban and the Haqqani network, faces 12 charges, including terrorism support and attempted murder of a U.S. citizen. The indictment claims that on November 29, 2009, Hamidullin led a group of militants in an attack on an Afghan border police station located near the Pakistani border. The attack reportedly involved a prolonged gunfight that lasted several hours. According to the grand jury, Hamidullin's group also fired rockets at a U.S. helicopter that was involved in the rescue operation. One of the rockets allegedly struck the tail of the helicopter, causing it to crash and injuring several American servicemen. The indictment further alleges that Hamidullin fired his AK-47 at U.S. soldiers as they approached the police station. He is accused of wounding several U.S. servicemen and attempting to murder a U.S. citizen. "This is a very unusual case," said Victor Hansen, a former military lawyer and legal expert. "It is rare for a U.S. grand jury to indict a foreign national for crimes committed outside the United States. It is even rarer for a non-U.S. citizen to be charged with directly attacking U.S. military personnel." The charges against Hamidullin include providing material support to terrorists, conspiring to use a weapon of mass destruction, and attacking U.S. government property. If convicted on all counts, he could face life in prison. Hamidullin was captured by Afghan security forces after the 2009 attack and was transferred to U.S. custody shortly thereafter. He has been held at a federal detention facility in Virginia ever since. The case has attracted attention due in part to its unusual nature but also because of Hamidullin's status as a Russian citizen. Relations between the United States and Russia have been strained in recent years, with disputes over issues such as Ukraine and Syria. The U.S. Justice Department has not yet commented on the case or its potential implications for U.S.-Russia relations. However, the indictment does suggest that American authorities are willing to pursue criminal charges against individuals who attack U.S. military personnel abroad, regardless of their nationality or affiliations. Hamidullin's trial is set to begin in the coming months. The outcome of the case could have significant impacts on U.S. counter-terrorism efforts and relations with Russia going forward.