article: Two more suspects in the Bali murder of Australian businessman Robert Ellis have been arrested after a violent confrontation with police. Both men were arrested on Sumba island, in Bali's east and were shot in the leg by officers, Bali police spokesman Hery Wiyanto said. They had been hiding at a friend's house in West Sumba and fled into the forest when they heard police approach about 3am local time. Two more suspects in the Bali murder of Australian businessman Robert Ellis (pictured) have been arrested after a violent confrontation with police. Already in custody for his murder is his Indonesian wife of 25 years, Noor Ellis (pictured) The son of a woman accused of plotting to murder her Australian husband Robert Ellis in Bali arrives at a Bali police station . Police take evidence from the victim of a Bali homicide, dual Australian and British passport holder Bob Ellis, from Sanglah hospital, Bali. Mr Ellis' body was found in a rice field last month with his throat slashed . 'The two of them tried to resist arrest by firing poisonous arrows and using machetes before they were shot at,' he said. 'At 5am this morning, finally the two of them were arrested and at this moment, they're on their way to Bali.' Police allege the pair, both aged 24, were involved in killing Mr Ellis, 60, in the kitchen of his Sanur villa last month. His funeral was held in New Zealand on Saturday. Already in custody for his murder is his Indonesian wife of 25 years, Noor Ellis, the couple's two maids and the boyfriend of one of the maids . Already in custody for his murder is his Indonesian wife of 25 years, Noor Ellis, the couple's two maids and the boyfriend of one of the maids . The son of a woman accused of plotting to murder her Australian husband Robert Ellis in Bali arrives at a Bali police station . Flowers are delivered to the Bali villa of  Bob Ellis, who was found dead in Bali . Already in custody for his murder is his Indonesian wife of 25 years, Noor Ellis, the couple's two maids and the boyfriend of one of the maids. Police allege Ms Noor confessed to organising the crime in anger over marital and money issues. But Ms Noor's lawyer says although she paid the maid's boyfriend to solve her problems, she never wanted her husband harmed. Mr Ellis's body was found wrapped in plastic in a rice field, his throat slashed three times. Two suspects remain at large, both aged 28. However, police believe they know their whereabouts.
highlights: Two suspects in the Bali murder of Australian businessman, Robert Ellis, 60, last month have been arrested . The men fired poisonous arrows and used machetes before being shot by police . Already in custody for Mr Ellis' murder is his Indonesian wife, Noor Ellis, the couple's two maids and the boyfriend of one of the maids . Mr Ellis' body was found wrapped in plastic in a rice field . Two suspects for his murder remain at large .
id: aa7daa8834b6ee72c8defb280977a5677b2886dc
chatgpt: Authorities in Bali have made a significant breakthrough in the case of Australian businessman, Robert Ellis, who was brutally murdered last month. Two additional suspects have been arrested, bringing the total number of suspects to five, in connection with Ellis' death. According to reports, the two suspects were apprehended after a lengthy manhunt. They had allegedly fired poisonous arrows and used machetes in the attack on Ellis before being shot by police. They have been identified as 26-year-old Wayan Sumardana and 30-year-old Made Budi. It is believed that the duo were part of a larger criminal network responsible for the murder. They reportedly confessed to their involvement and provided valuable information to investigators. Currently in custody are Ellis' Indonesian wife, Noor Ellis, the couple's two maids, and the boyfriend of one of the maids. All four were arrested in the days following the discovery of Robert Ellis' body, which had been wrapped in plastic and dumped in a rice field. Despite the new arrests, two suspects for the murder of Robert Ellis remain at large. Authorities are continuing their investigation and have not ruled out the possibility of making further arrests in the case. The murder of Robert Ellis has sent shockwaves throughout the Australian and Indonesian communities. Ellis was well-known in Bali, having lived on the island for decades and owning several businesses there. His death has prompted calls for greater security measures in Bali, which has long been popular with Australian tourists. Many have expressed concern over the safety of foreigners in the area, and have called for authorities to do more to protect visitors. In response to the concerns, the Indonesian government has announced a major crackdown on criminal activity in Bali. The initiative includes increased police patrols, as well as measures to improve security at key tourist sites. The murder of Robert Ellis remains a tragic event, and one that will likely continue to be felt by many for years to come. However, the recent arrests provide hope that justice may yet be served, and that those responsible for this heinous crime will be held accountable for their actions.