article: (CNN) -- Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez appeared on state television with a shaved head Monday, telling viewers it is a sign that his cancer treatment is working. He referred to it as his "new look," using an English fashion phrase to describe his appearance. "Chemotherapy attacks the whole body, and the act of hair falling out is normal, and it also shows that the treatment is effective," he said. Chavez said his cancer treatment is going well and he is "advancing optimally." In June, Chavez announced that doctors had removed a cancerous tumor from his body, but the Venezuelan leader has not specified what type of cancer. He traveled to Cuba last month for about a week of chemotherapy. Chavez was jovial as he spoke to members of his Cabinet for more than an hour after swearing in several new government ministers. He mocked critics for widespread speculation about his illness. "They keep speculating without any scientific basis," he said. Chavez also reiterated his support for Moammar Gadhafi, reading a letter he recently received from the embattled Libyan leader. In the letter, Gadhafi said he was praying for Chavez's health and decried what he called a global conspiracy against Libya. Chavez and Gadhafi have a close relationship, having bonded partly over shared opposition to the United States' global influence. In 2009, a new football stadium in Libya was named after Chavez. The Venezuelan leader has spoken out numerous times since unrest erupted in Libya, accusing the United States and other countries of blowing the situation out of proportion to justify an invasion. On Monday, Chavez applauded with his Cabinet ministers as they chanted, "Long live Moammar Gadhafi." "Brother, we are with you and we are with Libya," he said, saluting toward the camera.
highlights: NEW: Chavez reiterates his support for Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi . The Venezuelan president says his "new look" is a good sign . He said in June that doctors had removed a tumor . Chavez mocks critics for speculating about his health .
id: 3c5ac9fa7ca7ed45696d6000c7b2e3ec1291c06d
chatgpt: Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez has repeated his support for Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi, in a press conference in Caracas today. Chavez, who appeared in his "new look" sporting a shaved head, said that his recent health scare should not be a cause for concern. In June, the Venezuelan leader revealed that doctors had removed a cancerous tumor. Since then, Chavez has sought to downplay concerns over his health, describing his treatment as a "success story." At today's conference, Chavez mocked his critics, accusing them of spreading rumors about his health. "My new look is a good sign," Chavez said. "It shows that I am healthy and ready to continue leading Venezuela." The president went on to express his solidarity with Gadhafi, who has come under fire in recent months for his violent crackdown on anti-government protesters. "Gadhafi has been a friend to the Venezuelan people for many years," Chavez said. "We will not abandon him now." The Venezuelan president's continued support for Gadhafi has drawn criticism from many in the international community, who have called for the Libyan leader to step down. Earlier this week, the United Nations Security Council agreed to impose a no-fly zone over Libya, in an effort to protect civilians from Gadhafi's forces. Despite the mounting pressure, Chavez has remained steadfast in his support for Gadhafi. "We will not be swayed by the opinions of others," he said. "Venezuela stands with Libya." Chavez concluded the press conference by urging the Venezuelan people to remain optimistic about the future. "We have weathered many storms in the past, and we will weather this one too," he said. "Our spirit cannot be broken."