article: Aaron Ramsey has launched a staunch defence of under-fire manager Arsene Wenger after hailing ‘the best’ goal of his career. The Wales midfielder helped eased the pressure on the Arsenal boss with a wonder goal — an outrageous left-footed strike from 30 yards — in the comfortable 4-1 win away to Galatasaray in Istanbul on Tuesday night. Wenger has been the target of heavy criticism from a section of supporters following the club’s disappointing start to the season in the Barclays Premier League. Arsene Wenger has endured some tough criticism from Gunners supporters in recent weeks . Arsenal fans displayed a banner calling for Wenger to step down before the recent game against West Brom . And Ramsey has defended his manager from the hurtful jibes from the stands. ‘Every player here wants to work hard for him, we have proven that again against Galatasaray,’ said Ramsey. ‘He has been under some unfair criticism, but we are all out there, are in it together. We wanted to get the result for us and for him. ‘I think whenever we go into a game, he knows our qualities, always believes in us and gives us a great feeling going into games. ‘Every time we go out there we are representing ourselves, our club and our manager.’ Ramsey, after an early-season blip, is now approaching the form that saw him win the club’s player of the year award last term. Ramsey (left) fires a long-range shot towards goal as Arsenal too Galatasaray apart . His super strike in Turkey was testament to that — and Ramsey has warned Arsenal’s rivals that he feels close to his best. ‘I have seen the goal back, and it is definitely the best I have scored,’ he said. ‘As soon as I hit it, I thought it had a chance of going in and thankfully it went into the top corner. ‘My best goal before this one? I like the volley at Norwich last season, probably that one.’ He added: ‘I felt good at the Manchester United game last month, I am getting sharper in every game. I am feeling good and hopefully now I can play my part as the team go on a run.’ Lukas Podolski also scored twice, having been linked with a January move away following a lack of first-team opportunities. The German forward told Arsenal’s website: ‘For me it was important to play 90 minutes and keep going. It is not always easy to come in and do well, so it was good for me to do that.’
highlights: Arsene Wenger was heckled by Arsenal fans after the 3-2 loss to Stoke . Arsenal fans also displayed a banner calling for Wenger to step down during the Gunners match against West Brom . Wenger guided Arsenal to a 4-1 win over Galatasaray on Tuesday . Aaron Ramsey scored a stunning long-range effort during that win .
id: b7ba9ad1743c6c2fb5dc333387330ed65e083435
chatgpt: Arsene Wenger, the Arsenal manager, has faced criticism and a banner calling for his resignation by fans during the team's recent matches. After a disappointing 3-2 loss to Stoke over the weekend, Wenger was heckled by Arsenal supporters as he made his way to the tunnel. The manager's position at the club has been called into question, as the defeat leaves the Gunners sixth in the Premier League table, one point behind Everton and four behind fourth-placed Chelsea. Adding to the tension, Arsenal fans also displayed a banner calling for Wenger to step down during the team's 1-1 draw with West Brom. The banner read "Enough is Enough, Wenger Out", a clear message to the manager who has been in charge of the club for 22 years. The Frenchman has won three Premier League titles and seven FA Cups with Arsenal, but many supporters have grown frustrated with the team's recent performances. However, Wenger was given some respite on Tuesday, as his team secured a convincing 4-1 victory over Galatasaray in the Champions League. Aaron Ramsey scored a stunning long-range effort during the win, as the Gunners looked like the team that earned a place in the top four for 20 consecutive seasons under Wenger. Despite this victory, the manager’s future at the club is still up for debate. The club has insisted that Wenger is not under pressure and the manager himself remains determined to turn things around. However, time will tell how long the supporters' patience will last, with pressure mounting on the 68-year-old manager to improve results in the league. Arsenal’s next league game is against Bournemouth, which presents a great opportunity for the Gunners to get back to winning ways. Wenger’s side is expected to return to their winning form against the Cherries, who are currently 16th in the league. Arsenal’s last game of the year is a difficult visit to Liverpool on December 29th. Wenger has been a loyal servant to Arsenal for more than two decades, and it remains to be seen whether he will be able to turn things around before his contract expires at the end of the season. While the recent criticism from fans is certainly significant, many in the football world believe that Wenger is still capable of leading the Gunners to success. However, Arsenal's current form has made it clear that he will need to turn it around – and quickly – if he is to retain the support of the fans and bring the glory days back to the Emirates Stadium.