article: By . Mark Prigg . PUBLISHED: . 04:54 EST, 24 May 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 10:21 EST, 27 May 2013 . Private firms could be sending astronauts to live on the moon by 2020, a Nasa commissioned report has claimed. The study by Bigelow Aerospace, shows 'a lot of excitement and interest from various companies' for such ventures, said Robert Bigelow, founder and president of the Las Vegas-based firm, which is bidding to make the first inflatable lunar bases. The projects range from pharmaceutical research aboard Earth-orbiting habitats, to missions to the moon's surface. A model of an inflatable lunar base: A new Nasa report claims private firms could lead to astronauts living on the lunar surface by 2020 . NASA intends to follow the International Space Station program with astronaut visits to an asteroid by 2025 and to Mars about a decade later, according to the most recent plans. President Barack Obama's proposed budget for the fiscal year beginning Oct. 1 requests $105 million for the U.S. space agency to begin work on a mission to find a small asteroid and reposition it around the moon for a future visit by astronauts. But private companies, including Bigelow Aerospace, have more interest in the moon itself, Bigelow told reporters on a conference call. William Gerstenmaier, NASA's head of space operations, said on the call 'it's important for us to know that there's some interest in moon activity and lunar surface activity.' 'We can take advantage of what the private sector is doing' in areas such as space transportation, life support systems and other technologies needed for travel beyond the space station's 250 mile (400 km) high orbit, he noted. A mockup of an inflatable space habitat made by Bigelow, and set to be tested by Nasa . NASA typically completes its mission planning before looking at what partnerships and collaborations may be possible, Gerstenmaier added. 'We thought that this time we would kind of turn that around a little bit, that we would ask industry first what they're interested in ... where they see human presence that makes sense, where they see potential commercial markets.' Bigelow Aerospace surveyed about 20 companies as well as foreign space agencies and research organizations for the NASA study, which the company undertook at its own expense. An artists impression of an inflatable space station module set to be tested by Nasa . Bigelow has made no secret of its ambition to own, lease and operate inflatable space habitats in Earth orbit and on the moon. Bigelow handed a draft of the first part of the report to Gerstenmaier on Thursday, 40 days ahead of schedule. The second section, which probes mission planning and other aspects of potential public-private partnerships, is due this fall.
highlights: Nasa commissioned report predicts private firms will put astronauts on the lunar surface . First visitors could live in inflatable bases on the surface .
id: 9290eda15041610f7188d954483ecaaa397b4780
chatgpt: NASA has released a new report that predicts private firms will soon put their own astronauts on the lunar surface. The report suggests that the first visitors to the Moon could be living in inflatable bases on the surface within the next few years. NASA's Commercial Lunar Payload Services program is designed to encourage private firms to bring their own robots onto the Moon's surface. The hope is that these robots will be able to start laying the groundwork for human exploration of the Moon. Private firms have already started to take advantage of the program, with several companies announcing plans to send landers to the Moon in the next few years. The report, which was commissioned by NASA, shows that private companies are expected to lead the way in terms of human exploration of the Moon. While NASA is still planning to send its own astronauts to the Moon, the agency is likely to rely on its private partners to provide many of the services needed to set up a permanent presence on the lunar surface. One of the main challenges facing private companies is finding a way to safely land their astronauts on the Moon. NASA is currently working on developing its own lunar lander, but it is thought that private firms will need to design and build their own spacecraft to transport their astronauts to the Moon. Once on the lunar surface, the report suggests that the first visitors could live in inflatable bases. These bases would be made up of several separate modules that could be inflated once they were on the Moon's surface. Having inflatable bases would make it easier to transport the necessary equipment and supplies to the Moon, as companies would not need to launch large, heavy structures into space. The report also highlights the potential benefits of using the Moon as a base for further space exploration. The Moon's low gravity and lack of atmosphere would make it easier to launch missions to other parts of the solar system. In addition, the Moon's resources could be used to support human exploration of space. For example, water and other resources found on the Moon could be used to make rocket fuel, reducing the cost of launching missions from Earth. NASA's Commercial Lunar Payload Services program is just one of several initiatives aimed at encouraging private firms to take part in the exploration of the Moon. Other programs include the Lunar Gateway, a space station that will orbit the Moon and provide a base for further exploration, and the Artemis program, which aims to send the first woman and next man to the Moon by 2024. Overall, the report shows that private companies are likely to play a major role in the future of lunar exploration. While NASA will still be involved, it is clear that private firms are leading the way when it comes to human exploration of the Moon. With plans already underway to send landers to the Moon in the next few years, it may not be long before we see the first private astronauts taking their own small steps on the lunar surface.