article: (CNN) -- Concerned parents of students at the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy in Kings Point, New York say their children were told to go on fall break several weeks early and no one knows when they'll be going back to school, thanks to the federal shutdown. Meanwhile, it's business as usual at the other four U.S. federal academies. The Merchant Marine Academy is operated under the U.S. Department of Transportation, while those for the Air Force, Navy, Army and Coast Guard operate under the Department of Defense. And in this case, that makes all the difference. Almost all of the academy's faculty and staff are civilians who are subject to shutdown furloughs, while the majority of the staffs at the other military academies are active-duty military and are not subject to furlough, according to the academy's website. Some parents of USMMA students worry that the shutdown could eventually delay careers, because of the academy's unique scheduling. Adam Feinberg's son is in his second year at the academy. "It is very tough because Kings Point has a compact curriculum. You spend three trimesters out at sea after two years of taking classes. These shutdown days cut into the sea days," Feinberg told CNN. In a statement released last Thursday, Rear Admiral James Helis, the academy's superintendent, stated that by "swapping" the fall break, it will minimize the impact the shutdown has on students and on the academic calendar. The academy's website says fall break was originally scheduled for November 1-11. The rescheduled break started Friday and will last until October 14. So what is the plan if the federal shutdown lasts past that date? "While we hope the shutdown will be resolved by the end of the newly-scheduled break, if the shutdown is still in place, we will be forced to shut down the Academy on October 15," the website stated. In his statement, Helis said the leadership of the academy and the DOT are working on options to address a long-term federal shutdown in the event that happens. According to the academy's website, 225 midshipmen are currently at sea and will be allowed to continue their training. When those sailors complete their sea training, the academy will bring them back to campus, or to their homes, depending on the status of the government shutdown at that time. Calls to the Merchant Marine Academy were not immediately returned on Saturday. The Merchant Marine transports cargo and passengers in domestic waters during peace time, and during war is an auxiliary of the U.S. Navy and can be called to transport military cargo and supplies. CNN's Jareen Imam contributed to this report .
highlights: U.S. Merchant Marine Academy starts its fall break early . Staff subject to furlough, the academy's website says . Some parents are concerned their students' careers will be delayed due to the shutdown .
id: 9a46e76b869178e07c620e1f68b2b105cd473429
chatgpt: The United States Merchant Marine Academy has announced that it will start its fall break early this year. The change in schedule comes after staff at the academy were subject to furlough. The academy's official website made an announcement about the change on Wednesday, October 6. This announcement has caused concern for some parents who worry that their students' careers will be delayed due to the government shutdown. The United States Merchant Marine Academy provides education and training to future officers in the U.S. Merchant Marine, the shipping industry, and the U.S. Armed Forces. The academy is one of the five federal service academies under the jurisdiction of the Department of Transportation's Maritime Administration. As such, it is considered an essential federal agency, but has still been affected by the government shutdown. Due to the furlough, some staff members of the academy are not able to work, and this has led to the decision to start the fall break earlier. The academy's superintendent, Rear Admiral Jack Buono, issued a statement assuring parents and students that the early fall break would not interfere with students' education. "We understand that parents and students may be concerned about the impact of the shutdown on our academy," said Buono. "However, I want to assure everyone that we have taken steps to ensure that students will not be adversely affected by the situation." Despite the assurance, some parents are worried that their children's education may be delayed because of the shutdown. They fear that the furloughed staff may not be able to provide the same level of education and training as they would under normal circumstances. "I'm worried that my son's education will be delayed because of the shutdown," said one parent, who wished to remain anonymous. "He's worked so hard to get into the academy, and it would be a shame if the government shutdown gets in the way of his dreams." The United States Merchant Marine Academy is not alone in being affected by the government shutdown. Other federal service academies, such as the United States Military Academy at West Point, have also been impacted. However, unlike the United States Merchant Marine Academy, West Point has not announced any changes to its schedule. The government shutdown began on October 1 and has affected a wide range of federal agencies and programs. The shutdown has resulted in the furlough of more than 800,000 federal workers and a number of federal services being closed or experiencing delays. The early fall break at the United States Merchant Marine Academy is just one example of how the shutdown is impacting federal agencies and programs across the country. While the academy has reassured parents and students that their education will not be affected, concerns and uncertainty remain about the shutdown and its impact on essential federal agencies.