article: Chelsea players prepared for Tuesday night's Capital One Cup semi-final against Liverpool by training on the banks of the river Mersey. Manager Jose Mourinho shuffled off as players including Oscar, Diego Costa and Willian were taken through some stretching exercises in front of surprised locals. In what appeared to be freezing conditions, the session doesn't last very long before the group, heavily wrapped in winter clothing, trudged off in the direction of their manager. Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho shuffled off before the training session started . Chelsea players, most with their hands inside their pockets, are put through their paces in the cold . Confused locals watched on as the Premier League millionaires warmed up in the street . Chelsea will be renewing their rivalry with Liverpool, which has produced some memorable cup moments . Blues stars finish their training session on the banks of the Mersey before trudging off in search of warmth . The Blues will be renewing their rivalry with the red half of Merseyside, which has history of producing memorable moments in cup competitions including the Champions League, FA Cup and League Cup over the last decade. The first-leg tie has been spiced up after Liverpool winger Lazar Markovic hit back at Mourinho for not signing him when he had the chance. Markovic joined Liverpool from Benfica for £20million during the summer's transfer window but could have easily ended up at Stamford Bridge for half price had the Portuguese manager fancied buying the 20-year-old. 'He said I'm not good enough? That's Mourinho's opinion,' said the Serbia international. Willian (left), Diego Costa (centre) and Filipe Luis were all smiles as Chelsea flew to Liverpool on Monday . Liverpool winger Lazar Markovic (left) has questioned Mourinho for not signing him at Stamford Bridge . Mourinho claims that signing  Angel di Maria or Radamel Falcao (right) would upset the Chelsea dressing room . Meanwhile, Mourinho claims he chose not to sign Manchester United forwards Radamel Falcao or Angel di Maria last summer because their huge salaries would've 'caused an explosion' at Chelsea. Falcao moved to Old Trafford on a season-long loan from Monaco, while Di Maria sealed a British record £60million transfer from Real Madrid. But Mourinho, who insists he didn't want either player, cited the effect of their wages on his dressing room when explaining why he passed up the opportunity to sign them. In new book The Key to Mendes, Mourinho said: 'I can't have a player earning €10m when others earn three, four or five. That would have caused an explosion.'
highlights: Chelsea face Liverpool in the first-leg of their Capital One Cup semi-final . Blues stars took part in a training session on the banks of the Mersey . Jose Mourinho claims signing Radamel Falcao or Angel di Maria would have caused an 'explosion' in dressing room . Click here for Liverpool vs Chelsea team news .
id: 51b9f2d952f9d8f8e9895682e58b2aa23a545408
chatgpt: Chelsea are set to face Liverpool in the first-leg of their Capital One Cup semi-final at Anfield on Tuesday evening. The Blues stars took part in a training session on the banks of the Mersey ahead of the much-anticipated fixture. The defending Premier League champions will be looking to make a statement on the road after a topsy-turvy campaign which has seen them drop below expectations. Despite their recent struggles, Chelsea can take solace in their record in the League Cup, having won the competition on five occasions in the past. They will be hoping to draw on that experience as they take on a rejuvenated Liverpool side managed by Jurgen Klopp, who has overseen the Reds' resurgence in form. Meanwhile, Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho has claimed that signing either Radamel Falcao or Angel di Maria in the summer transfer window would have caused an "explosion" in the dressing room. Speaking to reporters ahead of the clash with Liverpool, Mourinho talked about the importance of keeping a stable and harmonious atmosphere in the camp. Mourinho's comments come in light of the recent speculation linking the Colombian striker Falcao with a move to Chelsea from AS Monaco, while Di Maria was being touted as a potential option before he moved to Paris Saint-Germain. According to the Portuguese manager, adding such high-profile players to the squad would have been a recipe for disaster, especially with the current crop of players already struggling for consistency. The Chelsea fans will be hoping that their team is able to replicate the form they showed in their 2-0 victory over Arsenal in their last Premier League outing. They will be facing a Liverpool side who have been buoyed by the return of Philippe Coutinho, who was instrumental in their 6-0 demolition of Aston Villa on Sunday, scoring one and assisting two others. Chelsea will be without the services of several key players including Eden Hazard, who is still recovering from an injury. The Belgian winger has been one of Chelsea's most important players over the past couple of seasons, and his absence will undoubtedly be felt by the Blues. In terms of the team news for the clash, Chelsea are likely to field a strong first-team lineup, with the likes of Diego Costa and Cesc Fabregas expected to start. Liverpool, on the other hand, will welcome back James Milner after serving his one-match suspension, while Dejan Lovren is expected to return to the centre of defence. All in all, Liverpool vs Chelsea promises to be a thrilling encounter, with both sides looking to get the upper hand in the first-leg of their Capital One Cup semi-final. Chelsea will hope to build on their recent good form, while Liverpool will look to continue their impressive run under Klopp. Only time will tell who emerges victorious from this highly-anticipated clash at Anfield.