article: Julia Roberts and Hugh Grant pictured together in the 1999 film Notting Hill . He prefers to remain tight-lipped about the women in his private life. But when it comes to his on-screen leading ladies, Hugh Grant is not so discreet. Describing the time he ‘got off’ with Julia Roberts when they starred together in 1999 film Notting Hill, he remarked: ‘It’s a big mouth. I was aware of a faint echo when I was kissing her.’ In the film, Grant plays bookshop owner William Thacker, who meets Hollywood superstar Anna Scott (Miss Roberts) when she comes in to buy a book. The film follows their rendezvous as they fall in love. Renee Zellweger, Grant’s co-star in the Bridget Jones’s Diary films, fares better in his critique: Miss Zellweger, he says, is a ‘top snogger’. The 54-year-old actor claimed he engaged in ‘competitive snogging’ to try to beat Colin Firth, who played his love rival in both films, adding: ‘You will have to ask Renee who she preferred. I think Colin tried too hard.’ In comments that could be seen to reflect the caddish attitude of his Bridget Jones character Daniel Cleaver, Grant added: ‘I can’t think of a leading lady that I have not fancied. ‘You have got to fancy them as otherwise it is no fun. What is the point of doing a film?’ Appearing on Alan Carr’s Chatty Man show last night as he promoted his latest film The Rewrite, Grant revealed: ‘I am very queeny about who I play opposite. Scroll down for video . Hugh Grant and Renee Zellweger pictured just before they lock lips in the 2004 film Bridget Jones: The Edge of Reason . Grant (left) also claimed he engaged in 'competitive snogging' in the Bridget Jones' Diary films in order to beat his on-screen love rival Colin Firth (right) He added: ‘I am Barbra Streisand when it comes to film making. You never know with chemistry anyway. Sometimes you loathe each other. Sometimes hate comes over as love. I’ve had some amazing leading ladies. ‘The ones I really got on with are Sandra Bullock and Sarah Jessica Parker.’ Grant also discussed his decision to pull out of the third Bridget Jones film. ‘They are going to make [another film] but without me,’ he said. ‘I am quite huffy. I would have done it but I don’t think the script was there. It will probably be a huge mistake.’
highlights: Hugh Grant reveals kissing experiences on Alan Carr's Chatty Man Show . He claimed Bridget Jones' Diary co-star Renee Zellweger was a 'top snogger' When he kissed Julia Roberts in Notting Hill he noticed her 'big mouth' He got along best with actresses Sandra Bullock and Sarah Jessica Parker .
id: 70d75cce2df8a087a6a1dad62df2f3c41e8080f1
chatgpt: Actor Hugh Grant recently made headlines when he opened up about his past experiences with kissing on Alan Carr's Chatty Man show. The British actor, known for his roles in movies like "Notting Hill" and "Bridget Jones' Diary," revealed some interesting tidbits about his co-stars. Grant notably claimed that Renee Zellweger, his co-star in "Bridget Jones' Diary," was a "top snogger." He did not hold back when describing the experience, stating that Zellweger was "very nice and very gentle" and that she had "soft lips." It seems that Grant enjoyed working with Zellweger on the movie, which became a worldwide hit and helped catapult both actors to even greater fame. However, Grant's kissing experience with Julia Roberts, his co-star in "Notting Hill," was not quite as pleasant. Grant noted that he noticed Roberts' "big mouth" when they kissed, suggesting that the experience was not entirely enjoyable for him. Despite this, "Notting Hill" remains a classic romantic comedy that is beloved by fans. Grant also revealed that he got along well with two other actresses: Sandra Bullock and Sarah Jessica Parker. While he did not elaborate on their kissing experiences, it's clear that he enjoyed working with both of them on their respective movies. Grant's frankness on the topic of on-screen kissing is refreshing, as it's not often that actors discuss this aspect of their craft. The revelation about Roberts' mouth certainly adds some spice to his portrayal of the love story in "Notting Hill." Meanwhile, the high praise for Zellweger suggests that her acting skills extend beyond her ability to portray Bridget Jones so convincingly. Overall, Hugh Grant's interview on Alan Carr's Chatty Man show provides insight into the personal experiences of actors that often go unacknowledged. Perhaps it will lead to a greater appreciation for the work that goes into crafting these cinematic moments.