article: An Argentine woman has sparked outrage by agreeing to marry her twin sister’s killer. Edith Casas, 22, is due to wed Victor Cingolani today close to the jail where he is serving 13 years for the murder of model Johana Casas. Johana was shot dead days before her 20th birthday in August 2010 in the southern Argentine city of Pico Truncado, 1,200 miles south of the capital Buenos Aires. Killed: Victor Cingolani, right, was convicted of killing Johana Casas, left, in 2010 . Edith Casas, pictured, is guilty of a 'terrible betrayal', according to her mother . Cingolani, an ex-boyfriend, was convicted of murder in June. Edith's family said she is guilty of a 'terrible betrayal'. The controversial wedding will take place in Edith's home town in front of just two friends acting as witnesses. However, several armed police officers will also be present when they escort Cingolani from the city jail. Model Johana Casas was shot dead in 2010 days before her 20th birthday . The twins’ mother Marcelina last night claimed her surviving daughter was suffering psychological problems and said she feared Cingolani would take her life too. She said: 'There are no words to describe what Edith is going to do. She’s guilty of a terrible betrayal.' Edith, Cingolani’s girlfriend of five years, has insisted her future husband is the victim of a miscarriage of justice and is backing his appeal against his murder conviction. She said: 'Victor is not a violent person and I’m not mad. 'We’ve got no doubts about what we’re doing. We love each other.' A second man, Johana’s boyfriend at the time of her murder, will go on trial next year over the killing. Marcos Diaz was at a party with Johana hours before she appeared dead. Lucas Chacon, Cingolani’s defence lawyer, insisted: 'The cigarette butts found near Johana’s body belonged to Diaz and all the witnesses have incriminated him. 'I can understand Johana’s parents’ attitude. But Edith is not marrying a killer or anything like it. 'She is marrying a man who was convicted in a judicial scandal. All we want is justice.'
highlights: Victor Cingolani was jailed for the 2010 murder of Johana Casas, 19 . Twin sister Edith will marry the killer in Pico Truncade, Argentina, tomorrow . Twin's mother Marcelina said her daughter was guilty of a 'terrible betrayal'
id: c51054810046265e6d4169261d1a73c168c33656
chatgpt: In a shockingly controversial event, Victor Cingolani, who was jailed for the 2010 murder of Johana Casas, 19, is set to marry the victim's twin sister, Edith, in Pico Truncado, Argentina, tomorrow. This news has stirred up a great deal of shock and anger, especially from the victim's family and those who have been following the case closely. Johana Casas was murdered in 2010, and Victor Cingolani was sentenced to 13 years in prison for the crime. Now, seven years later, Cingolani is set to wed Casas' twin sister, Edith. This event has caused a great deal of outrage from the family of the victim, who see this as a grave insult to Johana's memory. Marcelina, the mother of the twins, spoke out against the upcoming marriage, calling her daughter's decision a "terrible betrayal" to her late sister. The family has reported that they will not attend the wedding and they do not approve of this union. The news has also caused widespread outrage on social media, with many commenting that it is inappropriate for Cingolani to marry the twin sister of the woman he is convicted of murdering. Despite the uproar, the wedding is set to proceed tomorrow in Pico Truncado, with reports suggesting that Cingolani will be released from jail for 48 hours to celebrate the occasion. The couple has maintained throughout their relationship that Cingolani is innocent of the murder, and that they are deeply in love. Many are asking why Edith Casas would choose to marry the man convicted of murdering her sister. While there has been no official statement from her, it is speculated that she may believe in Cingolani's innocence and may have chosen to stand by him. The news of this wedding has sent shockwaves through Argentina and beyond, with many questioning the morality of such a union. For now, the wedding is set to go ahead despite the condemnation from the victim's family and wider society. The case of Johana Casas and Victor Cingolani remains a tragic reminder of the devastating impact of murder, and raises questions about the limits of forgiveness and the complexities of human relationships.