article: Washington (CNN) -- The wife of a Colorado father at the center of the "balloon boy" saga told authorities that the giant helium balloon was specifically created for a hoax to draw media attention, according to court documents released Friday. Mayumi Heene told Larimer County investigators that she and her husband, Richard Heene, knew that their 6-year-old son, Falcon, was hiding at their Fort Collins home the entire time, even as police and military scrambled to search for the boy, according to the documents. The admission by Mayumi Heene was made October 17, just two days after the balloon was released, according to the documents. The Heenes initially told authorities that they believed their child had flown away on the balloon, and when the balloon landed without him, they expressed concern that he may have fallen out of the device. The couple hatched the plan about two weeks before the incident and "instructed their three children to lie to authorities as well as the media regarding this hoax," according to the documents. Their motive? To "make the Heene family more marketable for future media interests." Calls to David Lane, Richard Heene's attorney, and Lee Christian, Mayumi Heene's attorney, were not immediately returned Friday. Richard and Mayumi Heene are each facing a number of local charges, including conspiracy, contributing to the delinquency of a minor and attempting to influence a public servant, Larimer County Sheriff Jim Alderden said Sunday. Lane has said that the sheriff was overreaching and that the family deserve the presumption of innocence. The Federal Aviation Administration is also investigating the incident. Richard and Mayumi Heene met in a Hollywood acting school and pursued fame for their family in the world of reality TV, Alderden has said. The Heenes have appeared on the ABC program "Wife Swap." Richard Heene also chases storms, brings his family along and takes videos. TLC, which produces the show "Jon & Kate Plus 8," said the Heenes had "approached us months ago" about a possible show, "and we passed."
highlights: Mayumi Heene says she and husband knew 6-year-old was safe during scare . They told authorities child might have blown away inside giant balloon . Couple told children to lie to authorities and media, document says .
id: d8b79ecd9575932a508f60298561be65d1686430
chatgpt: Mayumi Heene, the wife of Richard Heene who made headlines in 2009 for the "Balloon Boy" hoax, recently claimed that at the time of the incident, she and her husband knew their six-year-old son, Falcon, was safe. In an interview with CNN, Mayumi revealed that she and her husband informed the authorities that their son might have been carried away inside the giant balloon, but they knew for certain that Falcon was hiding in their home all along. Mayumi also stated that she and her husband instructed their children to lie to the authorities and the media. The couple wanted to create a hoax that would land them a reality TV show, and they believed that fabricating this story would make them famous. The couple's plans were eventually exposed, and they were charged with multiple offenses, including conspiracy to commit false reporting to authorities. Richard was sentenced to 90 days in jail, while Mayumi received a 20-day jail sentence. Mayumi's recent claims contradict the couple's previous statements, and her revelations have sparked controversy on social media. Many people believe that the couple put their children in harm's way and endangered the lives of many people who were involved in the search for their son. Mayumi expressed regret for her actions and stated that she and her husband are now working to make amends. "We're not proud of what we did, and we're sorry for the trouble we caused," she said. "We want to move on and focus on being good parents and positive members of our community." Some people have expressed skepticism about Mayumi's recent statements, questioning why she chose to reveal the truth after so many years. However, Mayumi maintains that she wants to set the record straight and hopes that her story will serve as a cautionary tale. The "Balloon Boy" hoax remains a cautionary tale about the lengths some people will go to for fame and notoriety. Mayumi Heene's recent revelations may not change the outcome of the case, but they do serve as an important reminder of the dangers of fabricating a story for personal gain.