article: By . Daniel Miller . PUBLISHED: . 12:03 EST, 7 February 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 12:07 EST, 7 February 2013 . Nelson Mandela poses with his one-year-old great grandson in the first picture to be released of the former South African president in seven months. Mr Mandela, 95, was captured relaxing with Zen Manaway, the youngest of his 14 grandchildren, at his home in Johannesburg, South Africa on Saturday February 2. The picture will bring relief to millions of South Africans as there have been concerns for the great statesman's health. Global icon: Nelson Mandela poses with his great grandson Zen in his first picture for seven months . The former president and hero of the anti-apartheid struggle had been forced to spend Christmas in hospital following an operation to remove gallstones. He had to be airlifted from his rural village in the south of the country to the hospital for tests and was also been suffering from a recurrent lung infection. Mandela, who is internationally admired for his struggle against minority white rule, retired from public life in 2004 after serving one term as South Africa's first black president. National hero: Mr Mandela's recent ill health had been a great cause of concern in South Africa . Family man: Nelson Mandela, celebrates his 93rd birthday with his granddaughters and great granddaughters (left to righ)t Zaziwe Manaway, Ziphokazi Manaway, Zamaswazi Dlamini and Zamak Obiri . He has married three times and has had six children, three of which have died. He currently has 17 grandchildren and 14 great-grandchildren. Young Zen is now in the U.S. with his mother Zaziwe Dlamini-Manaway and his aunt Swati Dlamini, as the sisters promote their new reality TV series 'Being Mandela' produced by COZI TV for NBC. The 30-minute weekly show premieres on Sunday, Feb. 10 at 9 p.m. EST and will follow the next generation of Mandela family through the experiences of sisters Zaziwe and Swati and their families.
highlights: Mr Mandela has been recovering from an operation to remove gallstones . He had to spend Christmas in hospital after being airlifted from village . Zen, one, is the youngest of Mr Mandela's 14 great grandchildren .
id: 058b426b7533bdfd744d941f929330a4a435260d
chatgpt: Nelson Mandela, former South African president, has been recovering from gallstone surgery after being airlifted from his village just before Christmas. The 94-year-old political leader has been making progress but still remains under medical care. He had undergone surgery to remove the gallstones which had caused him considerable discomfort. Despite the setback, Mr. Mandela has had visitors and family members have been keeping his spirits high. His youngest great-grandchild, Zen, who is just one year old, has visited him in hospital. Zen is the latest addition to Mandela's large family, and one of 14 great-grandchildren. Mandela has dedicated his life to fighting apartheid in South Africa and was imprisoned for 27 years for his political beliefs. After he was released in 1990, he went on to become the first black president of South Africa. He has been well regarded for his work in bringing an end to apartheid and engineering a peaceful transition to a democratic South Africa. South Africa and the world have been closely following Mandela's health updates since he was admitted to hospital in De1cember last year. The former president is popularly known as the father of the nation and is an important symbol of hope and reconciliation for many South Africans. Many people worldwide have been worried about Mandela's condition as he has been hospitalized numerous times since 2011. His family and the South African government have repeatedly assured the public that the former president's health was stable and that he was receiving the best possible care. As with many elderly people, Mandela's health remains in fragile state. The world continues to hope that he will recover fully and continue to inspire and lead the world by his example. The people of South Africa continue to pray for his quick recovery and wish him good health in the years ahead.