article: A 24-year-old man charged with shooting dead three Royal Canadian Mounted Police officers and wounding two others in June pleaded guilty Friday to first-degree murder charges. Justin Bourque also pleaded guilty to two counts of attempted murder. He recently was found competent and mentally fit to stand trial. The June 4 killings and ensuing manhunt brought the city of Moncton, New Brunswick, to a near-standstill until an arrest was made about 30 hours later. Charges: Justin Bourque, left, pleaded guilty on Friday to shooting dead three Mounted Police . Armed with high-powered firearms, Bourque was spotted three times as the city of about 60,000 people near the Maine border was all but shut down. Victim: Douglas James Larche was shot dead while responding to a call on June 4 . Constables Dave Ross, Fabrice Gevaudan and Douglas Larche were killed after responding to a report of a man with firearms in a residential neighborhood. Constables Eric Dubois and Darlene Goguen were wounded. It was the deadliest attack on the Royal Canadian Mounted Police since four officers were killed by a gunman in the western province of Alberta in 2005. That attack remains the deadliest on Canadian police officers in 120 years. Police have not yet identified any motive in the June shootings, but a portrait of a man obsessed with guns and anti-government rhetoric began to emerge following the shootings. Neighbors of his parents and others who knew Bourque spoke of a quiet man from a well-liked, Catholic family, but what appeared to be Bourque's most recent posts on social networks told a different tale. A friend, Trever Finck, said he noticed changes in Bourque's behavior over the past year, particularly after he created a new Facebook page for himself in February and filled it with anti-police messages and conspiracy theories. Tragic: Fabrice Gevaudan, left, and Dave Ross, right, were killed after responding to call about gunfire . His profile picture shows him standing in the woods with a friend, wearing camouflage gear and clutching a shotgun, with what appear to be dozens of spent shell casings at their feet. Bourque's case returns to court October 27 to file victim impact statements and pre-sentencing documents. Members of his family declined comment when they left court.
highlights: Justin Bourque is facing three murder charges and two attempted murder charges over June 4 attack . 24-year-old has been found mentally fit to stand trial .
id: f3d480ff2597c67f9358506a55c51eabd903d0f7
chatgpt: Justin Bourque, the 24-year-old accused of committing a deadly attack that left three RCMP officers dead and two others wounded, has been found mentally fit to stand trial. Bourque was facing three murder charges and two attempted murder charges after he carried out the brutal attacks on June 4, 2014, in Moncton, New Brunswick. After his arrest, Bourque was sent for a psychiatric evaluation to determine whether he was mentally fit to stand trial. His mental state was a major concern, given the violent and deadly nature of the attack. However, after months of evaluation, a forensic psychiatrist found that Bourque was competent to face trial. The charges against Bourque stem from an incident that rocked the tight-knit community of Moncton. On the night of June 4, 2014, Bourque donned a camouflage outfit and armed himself with a semi-automatic rifle. He then made his way through a quiet residential area of the city, bent on targeting police officers. Bourque was eventually captured after a 30-hour manhunt, during which the city was essentially shut down as police searched for the gunman. The incident left a lasting impact on the community and the RCMP, which suffered one of its darkest days in its history. Now, with the trial set to begin, Bourque is facing a long road ahead. He will have to answer for his crimes in a court of law, and the families of the fallen officers will undoubtedly be watching the proceedings with great interest. For those who knew the officers, the trial will be a difficult ordeal. But it is also a necessary step towards justice. The trial is expected to begin in the coming months, and there is hope that it will bring closure to those who were affected by this tragic incident. While the wounds caused by the Moncton shooting may never fully heal, the trial represents an important step towards moving on and rebuilding a sense of community in the city.