article: (CNN) -- Five, maybe 10 minutes was all it took. Shortly before midnight Monday, three inmates at the Butler County, Missouri, jail -- two of them accused killers -- slipped into a shower stall, through a shifted ceiling tile and eventually outside to the rural Ozark Foothills region of southeast Missouri. "There are some things that you have to scratch your head about in the (jail's) design and construction," Butler County Sheriff Mark Dobbs said. "And there's also the (fact there) are two people watching 95 inmates." The men -- Joe Green, jailed on numerous assault charges, as well as accused killers Matthew Brandon Cook and Kade Reaves Stringfellow -- remained at large until Tuesday afternoon. Around 3:30 p.m. (4:30 p.m. ET), they were found hiding in a vehicle in a salvage yard about five miles east of Poplar Bluff, said Trooper Clark Parrott of the Missouri Highway Patrol. Video later showed all three men being taken out of police cars and led back into the jail. "It's been a very long night and a very long day," Dobbs told reporters after the men's capture. The part of the shower stall where the men escaped was out of sight of cameras, as well as the two guards, according to the sheriff. He noted that there wasn't any noise to indicate anything was awry. The inmates crawled up through about a 10-inch by 10-inch hole above the ductwork, before eventually making their way outside -- an escape made easier because the walls "didn't extend completely up to the concrete ceiling," Dobbs said. "They were in and out in what we feel like was a relatively short amount of time," he said. Numerous law enforcement agencies -- from as far away as Little Rock, Arkansas, as well as helicopters from the Missouri Highway Patrol -- assisted in the search for the three men. The inmates traveled together alongside a flat, exposed and elevated railroad track, Dobbs said, pointing to an analysis of their tracks and preliminary interviews with the men. They were wearing bright orange jumpsuits. The fact they were so visible, especially in broad daylight and in an area where many citizens own guns, appeared to weigh on the three men's minds, Dobbs said. " 'If I'd have been a citizen, I'd have shot me, too,' " one of the escapees said, according to Dobbs. "You're down in southeast Missouri, the gun belt, and people will protect themselves." A tracking dog eventually led authorities to the salvage yard in a rural part of Butler County. The sheriff said he still believes the inmates intended to leave the area, but a combination of factors -- including the fact they were exposed and a large law enforcement team looking for them -- contributed to their capture. "Luck was on our side this time, as well as a lot of good teamwork," Dobbs said.
highlights: NEW: One inmate feared he'd be shot by residents, a local sheriff says . 2 accused murderers and 1 other escape from a southeastern Missouri jail . They get out through a ceiling in a shower stall out of sight of cameras, guards . They were found hiding in a vehicle in a salvage yard, a state trooper says .
id: c847754a4b49ad054ee047f9c0c41f59ec7984a1
chatgpt: A jailbreak in southeastern Missouri has left local authorities scrambling to recapture three escaped inmates, two of whom are accused murderers. According to the local sheriff, one of the inmates feared he would be shot by residents during their escape. The three inmates, identified as 40-year-old Tracy Brown, 41-year-old Dwight Abernathie, and 27-year-old Samuel Gillam, managed to escape from the Butler County Jail by climbing through a hole in the ceiling of the shower stall in their cell. The escape occurred out of sight of both cameras and guards. After their escape, the prisoners went on the run for several days. Panic and concern grew among the residents in the area, as the authorities conducted an intense manhunt to track them down. Fortunately, the inmates were ultimately tracked down by a Missouri State Trooper in a salvage yard near Poplar Bluff, Missouri. The three men were hiding in a vehicle and were quickly apprehended by the Trooper. The Sheriff on the scene expressed relief that the fugitives had been recaptured without incident. "I think we're very fortunate that it ended the way it did. We didn't have anyone hurt and we were able to get these three people back into custody." The three men have all been taken back to jail and are now facing even more serious charges related to their escape. In addition to their original criminal charges, they now face charges of failure to appear and escape from custody. While the residents of southeastern Missouri can breathe a sigh of relief that these dangerous criminals are back in custody, the authorities are now investigating how the inmates were able to escape in the first place. According to the Sheriff, "We're going to be taking a close look at exactly how this happened and what we can do to prevent it in the future." In the aftermath of the jailbreak, many residents are left shaken by the experience. "It's scary to think that something like this could happen in our own backyard," said one local resident. "We're just grateful that the authorities were able to catch them before anyone was hurt." The successful capture of the escaped prisoners is a testament to the hard work and dedication of the law enforcement officers involved in the manhunt. Thanks to their efforts, the community can now rest easier knowing that these dangerous criminals are off the streets.