article: Bernard Hopkins insists he belongs in a class of his own as he attempts to defy the doubters once again two months shy of his 50th birthday. Hopkins, incredibly, remains a top contender as he approaches his half-century, breaking several records along the way, and his storied career continues at the Boardwalk Hall in Atlantic City on Saturday night. He puts his WBA and IBF light-heavyweight titles on the line against WBO champion Sergey Kovalev in a unification clash and victory would see him once again be heralded as one of the finest boxers walking the planet. Bernard Hopkins believes he is creating a new legacy in boxing ahead of his 50th birthday . Hopkins (centre left) faces Sergey Kovalev in Saturday's WBA, IBF and WBO light-heavyweight title unification . Yet the Philadelphia fighter has no interest in being placed in the mythical pound-for-pound rankings, believing his accomplishments outstrip anyone else's. Hopkins, who has given himself the moniker 'The Alien' for the longevity of his career, said: 'I don't want to be on anybody's pound-for-pound list when I win this fight because to put me on a pound-for-pound list says that I'm human. 'To me you have to make a new list and what I'm doing now I'm making a new legacy and a new list. 'Fifteen years ago my career was meant to have been over.' Hopkins will once again assume the underdog role against the unbeaten, hard-hitting Kovalev, who has stopped 23 of his 26 opponents, one of whom, Roman Simakov, lapsed into a coma and died three days later after being beaten by the Russian in December 2011. Kovalev (centre) is unbeaten in his 26 fights - having stopped 23 of his opponents . Yet the former undisputed middleweight champion has made a career of confounding the critics, having done so against Felix Trinidad, Kelly Pavlik and Jean Pascal, among others, in recent years. And Hopkins (55-6-2, 32KOs) added: 'The Alien' likes to walk on his tightrope 50 feet in the air, maybe 100, with no safety net but I'm going to make it across the other side. 'An opponent, he can be fast, slick or a puncher; you have to face all of these intangibles that I bring to the ring. 'I don't mind putting my wits up against anyone's wits today. I'm so calm and relaxed. I still have that hunger to prove myself.' Hopkins (left) boasts a career record of 55 wins - via 32 knock-outs, six draws and two defeats . Hopkins vs. Kovalev is live on BoxNation this Saturday night. Visit www.boxnation.com to subscribe.
highlights: Bernard Hopkins fights Sergey Kovalev in Atlantic City on Saturday night . Bout is a WBA, IBF and WBO light-heavyweight title unification . Former undisputed middleweight champion Hopkins will turn 50 in January .
id: 556cebc3b3541648bdfaced43f4bf351488932b9
chatgpt: Bernard Hopkins, one of boxing's all-time greats, is set to take on Sergey Kovalev in a highly anticipated bout on Saturday night in Atlantic City. The fight will be a WBA, IBF and WBO light-heavyweight title unification, with both fighters putting it all on the line in the ring. At 49 years old, Hopkins is an age-defying wonder. He remains one of the most revered fighters in boxing, having held the middleweight championship for a record-breaking ten years. Now, Hopkins will be looking to add to his lengthy list of accomplishments by unifying the light-heavyweight division. The fight with Kovalev, however, will not come easy. The 31-year-old Russian is unbeaten in 25 fights, with 23 knockouts to his name. Kovalev's ferocious power in both hands has earned him a reputation as one of the most dangerous punchers in the sport. Despite Kovalev's impressive record, Hopkins remains supremely confident in his ability to emerge victorious on Saturday night. "I'm fighting the best, the most feared fighter in the division," he said. "But I'm the most experienced fighter in the division. I have experience that no fighter in the division has. And come November 8th, my experience is going to show." Hopkins' age, however, could be a factor against him. He turns 50 in January, and will be fighting a man over 19 years his junior. Nevertheless, Hopkins has shown remarkable durability throughout his career, and has never been stopped inside the ring. The bout will take place at the Boardwalk Hall in Atlantic City, with HBO pay-per-view broadcasting the event. Fans around the world will be tuning in to witness what promises to be a thrilling contest between two of boxing's best. The stakes could not be higher for both fighters, with the winner potentially moving on to even bigger and better things in the sport. For Hopkins, a win could cement his legacy as one of the greatest fighters in boxing history. For Kovalev, a win could catapult him to superstardom and firmly establish him as the top dog in the light-heavyweight division. No matter the outcome, Saturday night's fight between Hopkins and Kovalev is an absolute must-watch for any boxing fan. The Boardwalk Hall will be buzzing with anticipation as two of the sport's best fighters step into the ring for what promises to be an unforgettable night of action.