article: By . Suzannah Hills . PUBLISHED: . 07:55 EST, 15 February 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 20:30 EST, 15 February 2013 . A ferret had a lucky escape after a refuse collector spotted him inside a wheelie bin just moments before its contents were about to get crushed. Darren Chandler, 30, was about to empty the bin into the back of a refuse lorry when he suddenly saw something moving among the bin bags. He rummaged inside and pulled out the terrified before putting him into a box to take it to a local animal shelter. Lucky escape: Darren Chandler was about to throw the contents of a bin into a refuse lorry when he spotted a ferret inside . Mr Chandler said: 'I just lifted the lid on the black bin before hooking it up to the dustbin lorry, like I do with all the bins. 'Then I spotted something moving. I realised it was a little ferret and got one of my colleagues to fetch a box so I could take it to Wood Green.' The Ferret has been nicknamed Flint after Flint Road, Waterbeach, Cambridgeshire, where he had his lucky escape. Flint is now being cared for by staff at nearby Wood Green animal shelter in Godmanchester who hope to find him a new home. ferret graphic.jpg . Home sweet home: Mr Chandler took the ferret to the Wood Green animal shelter in Godmanchester, Cambridgeshire, where he is being cared for until staff find him a new home . Marie Channer, the shelter's small animal welfare manager, said: 'It's not uncommon for ferrets to be find their way into bins and skips to find food. 'However, if it wasn't for Darren, there is a chance Flint wouldn't be with us today. 'This little boy is very friendly and so we believe he once belonged to a family. 'Unfortunately nobody has come forward for him and he isn't microchipped, so we haven't been able to reunite him with an owner.' The charity said it currently had 25 ferrets looking for new owners. Nickname: The ferret was name Flint after Flint Lane, Waterbeach, Cambridgeshire, where he was found .
highlights: Darren Chandler was about to empty a bin into a refuse lorry when he spotted the ferret hidden inside . The refuse collector rescued the ferret and took it to an animal shelter . Ferret has now been called Flint after the road - Flint Lane in Waterbeach, Cambridgeshire, where he was rescued .
id: c836886cab12fa7a6dc753562a9163abb52ec689
chatgpt: Darren Chandler, a refuse collector in Waterbeach, Cambridgeshire, became an unsuspecting hero as he rescued a ferret that was found hidden in a bin on his route. The little creature was spied by him as he was about to tip the contents of the bin into the refuse lorry, looking all forlorn and just a little bit lost. Realising that this was no ordinary bin-dwelling creature, Chandler immediately reached for his gloves and scooped up the ferret, who was visibly grateful for the kind intervention. Not wanting to simply abandon the ferret, the refuse collector took him straight to a local animal shelter where he could be well cared for until his owners could be traced. Having spent some time at the shelter, the feisty ferret has been aptly named Flint after the road he was found on. The staff at the shelter are thrilled to have been able to help Flint and are determined to ensure that he receives the best possible care until his owners can be located or, alternatively, until a loving new home can be found for him. The situation could have been quite different, however, had it not been for Chandler's sharp eye and quick thinking. It's all too easy for animals to become trapped in human habitats and areas where they are not meant to be. Thankfully, this little ferret's story had a happy ending thanks to the kindness and compassion of the refuse collector who went above and beyond the call of duty. Flint, meanwhile, seems to be taking everything in his stride. Despite his misadventure, he appears to be in fine fettle and is happy to be getting regular meals and a warm bed to call his own. As time passes, the affectionate ferret may even find himself playing host to a new family, ready to give him all the love and care he deserves. In these times when the world seems to be getting more and more chaotic, it's always nice to hear stories of people looking out for one another, especially when the receiver of the help is a cute little ferret. Chandler's heart-warming act of kindness reminds us that even the smallest acts of goodness can make a big difference. And, in this case, a little ferret's life has been saved. Actions speak louder than words, after all.