article: LONDON, England (CNN) -- Profits at celebrity chef Gordon Ramsay's British restaurants plunged by nearly 90 percent in the last 12 months. Gordon Ramsay has become as successful on television as he has been off-screen. Run by the Scottish-born chef and his father-in-law Chris Hutcheson, Gordon Ramsay Holdings reported a drop in annual turnover from £41.6 million ($68 million) to £35 million ($57 million) in the year to August 2008, Britain's Press Association reported Friday. Pre-tax profits plummeted by over £3 million ($4.9 million) to £383,325 ($627,000), while net debt in the group, which includes London restaurants such as Claridges, Maze and the flagship Royal Hospital Road, soared to almost £9.5 million ($15.5 million). With spiraling debts and crippling tax bills, the star of TV shows such as "Ramsay's Kitchen Nightmares" and "Hell's Kitchen" was forced to pump huge amounts of his own money into the business, even selling his prized Ferrari to raise funds, The Guardian newspaper said. Ramsay has attributed his business problems to over-ambitious expansion plans, in addition to the closure of two of his 11 London eateries. The Michelin-starred chef opened ten restaurants between 2007 and 2008, while The Savoy Grill was forced to close as the Savoy hotel was refurbished, and the lease at the Connaught expired. The 42-year old was also forced to review his company's international operations, closing restaurants in Paris, Los Angeles and Prague, The Times newspaper reported. "Ambition overtook me. We thought we could do anything, that we couldn't fail," PA quoted Ramsay as saying recently. A full review of the group's operations was instigated in December as part of a refinancing deal with the Royal Bank of Scotland and to help the business get through the troubled economic times. "2008 brought its own challenges, not just for our group, but for the industry as a whole and the broader economy," Hutcheson told PA. "Whilst the restructuring has benefited the group, the significant contribution and commitment of all 750 staff to the business has been integral to moving us to a position of strength." Ramsay has endured a difficult time recently. Last month he was criticized by Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd after reportedly comparing television star Tracy Grimshaw to a pig during a live cooking show in Melbourne. His trademark colorful language also came under fire last year by another Australian lawmaker. However Ramsay told the country's Channel Nine Network, which broadcasts Kitchen Nightmares and Hell's Kitchen, that the shows emphasize the "pressures of working in a restaurant kitchen."
highlights: Turnover by Gordon Ramsay Holdings drops from $68M to $57M . Pre-tax profits plummet by over $4.9M to $627,000 . Over-ambitious expansion plans, restaurant closures blamed . Ramsay currently owns nine restaurants in London .
id: fb0d018732b3cab9584094a1f92f1464b4a19b22
chatgpt: Turnover at Gordon Ramsay's restaurant empire, Gordon Ramsay Holdings, has fallen by over $11M from $68M to $57M. Coupled with a steep drop in pre-tax profits, the chef's business has had a difficult year. Pre-tax profits plummeted by over $4.9M to a total of $627,000. While the restaurant industry has been hit hard by the COVID-19 pandemic, Ramsay Holdings' troubles predate the crisis. The business' over-ambitious expansion plans and subsequent restaurant closures have been blamed for the significant declines in turnover and profits. The celebrity chef currently owns nine restaurants in London, including the Michelin-starred Pétrus and Savoy Grill, where he serves as head chef. However, several of his other ventures have not fared as well. In 2019, Ramsay closed his Maze Grill in Mayfair after ten years in operation. Meanwhile, his York & Albany restaurant in Camden closed its doors during the pandemic. The financial difficulties faced by Ramsay Holdings in recent years have led some to question whether the chef's empire is coming to an end. However, Ramsay has remained optimistic about the future of his business, despite the challenges it has faced. In a statement, Ramsay acknowledged the difficulties his business had faced in recent years. However, he expressed confidence in his team's ability to turn things around, saying, "We've been through a few tough years, and we've had to make some difficult decisions. But I'm confident that we have the right team in place to move forward and overcome these challenges." Despite the setbacks, Ramsay remains a leading figure in the culinary world. He has built an international reputation for his innovative cooking style and his TV shows, including "Hell's Kitchen" and "Masterchef." In addition to his restaurants in London, he also owns eateries in Las Vegas, Atlantic City, and Dubai. Ramsay's fans will undoubtedly be hoping that his business can bounce back from its recent difficulties. In the meantime, the chef himself seems focused on the future, as he looks to continue expanding his culinary empire and delighting diners around the world with his signature dishes.