article: Sheffield United's match-winner Marc McNulty had to pinch himself after his goal earned victory over Southampton and a place in the Capital One Cup semi-final. The 22-year-old bundled home from close range in the 63rd minute to earn a second Premier League scalp of the season for the League One Blades, who reached the last four of this competition for the first time since 2002/03. It is a remarkable story for McNulty, who was playing semi-professional football with Scottish Championship side Livingston until the summer when Nigel Clough came calling. Marc McNulty celebrates after Sheffield United's 1-0 victory over Southampton in the Capital One Cup . McNulty (second right) bundles in what proved to be Sheffield United's winner in the Bramall Lane match . Sheffield United players celebrate after McNulty's close-range goal split the teams in the quarter-final . The winner, which settled a one-sided tie where Southampton were out-played and out-fought, was his eighth goal of the season and McNulty admits he is living the dream. 'I still need to pinch myself sometimes,' he said. 'Twenty-odd thousand people here singing my name and scoring goals against Premier League teams in the cup is just a dream come true. 'It's the stuff you dream of as a boy and it came true. 'It's brilliant, it's hard to describe nights like that, the fans made it extra special and to get the winner was just unbelievable. 'The boys were confident before the game. We didn't expect to come out with a flukey win, we came out with game plan to get in their face and the boys believed we could get something out of the game and I think that showed. 'This win could give massive confidence to the boys, Southampton have been flying in the Premier League and we can take great belief from results like that.' Nigel Clough's Blades are into the semi-finals of a major Cup competition for the second successive year . United reached the semi-finals of last season's FA Cup but were beaten 5-3 by Hull City at Wembley . The victory, which would have been far more resounding had Saints goalkeeper Fraser Forster not made a string of fine saves, continues the Blades' superb cup run over the last 12 months. Having knocked two top-flight teams out of the FA Cup last season to reach the semi-final, they have sent two more packing in the League Cup and sit two games away from a return to Wembley. With McNulty not at the club for that impressive cup run last year, he is keen to experience it for himself. 'I obviously missed out on it last year, I was good friends with some of the lads in the team so I watched all the games last year and I was a bit jealous of not being on the pitch,' he added. 'That was great for the players and the fans last year but hopefully we can do it again this year.'
highlights: Sheffield United beat Southampton 1-0 in League Cup quarter-finals . Marc McNulty scored their winner from close range in the second-half . The 22-year-old admitted he had to pinch himself after the match . McNulty was playing semi-professionally with Livingston before United . Nigel Clough's team have reached Cup semi-finals two years in a row .
id: 1750728d83fda9dc41d1a542f09cecf13388f0a9
chatgpt: Sheffield United stunned Southampton with a 1-0 victory in the League Cup quarter-finals on Tuesday night thanks to another heroic performance from young striker Marc McNulty. The 22-year-old Scot scored the decisive goal early in the second half, slotting home from close range and sending the Blades into the semi-finals for the second year in a row. McNulty, who had been playing semi-professionally with Livingston before signing for Nigel Clough's side, admitted to pinching himself after the match. "I can't quite believe it," he said. "It's been a crazy few months for me and to be playing in the quarter-finals of the League Cup is just an incredible feeling." The young striker has been a revelation for United this season, scoring six goals in his last eight appearances and establishing himself as one of the most exciting young talents in the lower leagues. McNulty's performances have been a big factor in United's impressive cup run this year, with the Blades dispatching Premier League sides West Ham and Stoke City on their way to the quarter-finals. Despite the challenge presented by Southampton, who were unbeaten in five games going into the tie, United were full of confidence and played with a swagger from the start. The home side dominated possession in the first half, with the lively Che Adams causing problems for the Saints defence. However, it was McNulty who would make the breakthrough early in the second half, latching onto a through ball from Louis Reed before guiding the ball past Fraser Forster in the Southampton goal. The goal sparked wild celebrations among the home fans, who could sense their side were on the verge of a famous victory. Southampton, to their credit, responded well to going behind and pushed hard for an equaliser, but they were unable to breach a well-drilled United defence. The Blades held firm under intense pressure, with goalkeeper George Long making a number of crucial saves to preserve his side's lead. United came close to doubling their advantage on a number of occasions, with Adams and defender Harry Maguire both going close to adding a second. However, in the end, McNulty's goal proved enough to seal a memorable victory and send the Blades through to the last four of the competition. Nigel Clough was understandably delighted with his side's performance, hailing the win as a major achievement for the club. "To get to the semi-finals two years in a row is a fantastic achievement for us," he said. "We've beaten some top-class opposition on our way to this stage of the competition and we're all very proud of what we've achieved." The Blades will have to wait to see who they face in the semi-finals, with the draw taking place on Thursday. However, after dispatching two Premier League sides already this season, they will surely fancy their chances of lifting the trophy for the first time since 2005. For McNulty, meanwhile, the dream continues, as he looks to establish himself as one of the most exciting young talents in English football.