article: (CNN) -- Venus Williams rolled back the clock at the Rogers Cup in Montreal Saturday to claim victory over her younger sister and World No 1. Serena Williams for the first time in five years. The unseeded Venus lost the first set of the semifinal matchup on a tie break but battled back to win 6-7 (7/2) 6-2 6-3 in just over two hours. Venus secured what was effectively the match-wining break in the sixth game of the final set before holding her nerve to serve out. Despite firing down 19 aces, Serena will be left to rue making considerably more unforced errors than her sister, including nine double faults. "The level of game we played was pretty high," Venus was quoted as saying by the WTA website after the match. Venus has struggled for form in recent years and has suffered from injury and illness. But she has bounced back in 2014 and already has one WTA title for the year under her belt. On finding her way back in to the game, she said: "I've been working hard, and more importantly I've been feeling better. "I hope I can keep some of this control in my life. If I have that control, I can enjoy being on the court, and I can win as well." Although she came up short on Saturday, Serena still leads the family head to head in competitive matches by 15-11. The pair have won 26 major singles titles between them (17 for Serena and nine for Venus) and first faced off in the Australian Open in 1998. Speaking on court after the match, Serena described being disappointed with some of her own play but was happy to see her sister perform so convincingly. "She was really opening the court well," Serena said. "She (Venus) is such a good mover. "I think her serve was way more consistent than mine. I had more aces, but she was just serving better. "Ultimately I think she returned better as well." Venus will now play either Agnieszka Radwanska or Ekaterina Makarova, who meet in the day's other semi-final.
highlights: Venus Williams defeats her sister Serena in Rogers Cup semifinal . Venus hadn't beaten Serena in a competitive match since 2009 . Serena took first set but Venus battled back to win 6-7 (7/2) 6-2 6-3 .
id: 7e2c49756f3997f5048aa7961ab6818c58b3229e
chatgpt: In a highly anticipated match at the Rogers Cup semifinal, Venus Williams emerged victorious over her younger sister Serena. The win is significant for Venus as she had not beaten Serena in a competitive match since 2009. The sisters' rivalry is a storied one, spanning over two decades and countless matches. Serena took an early lead, winning the first set 6-7 (7/2). However, Venus battled back, unfazed by her sister's dominance on the court. Venus won the second set 6-2 and the third set 6-3, clinching the win and securing her spot in the final. The match showcased the strength and determination of both sisters. Venus, now 41 years old, proved she still has the ability to compete with the world's best players. Serena, who has won 23 Grand Slam singles titles, demonstrated her remarkable resilience and skill. After the match, Venus spoke about her elation at finally beating her sister in such an important competition. "It's been a long time," she said. "I've played a lot of matches against her, and she's beaten me most of the time. So, this is a good one." Serena, on the other hand, was gracious in defeat, praising her sister's performance. "Obviously, I'm super happy for her," Serena said. "She's such a tough player to play against, and I think she played really well today. She deserves the win." The Rogers Cup final will be a rematch of the 2019 Wimbledon final, with Venus facing off against Simona Halep. While Venus will undoubtedly relish her victory over Serena, she knows she has a tough match ahead of her. "I need to recover quickly and get ready for the final," Venus said. "Simona's a great player, and she's been playing really well this week. It's going to be another tough match, but I'm ready for it." The Williams sisters have played each other a total of 31 times in their careers, with Serena holding a 18-13 lead. While the rivalry between the two is fierce, it is also a testament to their unbreakable bond as sisters and as two of the greatest players in tennis history.