article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . A former public works inspector has admitted stealing $460,000 in parking meter quarters over more than two years. Thomas Rica, 43, pocketed more than 1.8 million coins from the collection room in Ridgewood Village Hall, New Jersey over 25 months. The Hawthorne resident was sacked from the Village of Ridgewood in January last year after being arrested for taking $500 in coins. However, a year-long investigation by Bergen County authorities revealed the father-of-three had swiped a much larger chunk of change. Guilty: Ex-Ridgewood public works inspector Thomas Rica (left) has admitted to stealing $460K in quarters over 25 months . Apprehended: Thomas Rica (right) was arrested on Tuesday night on charges of fourth-degree theft and hindering apprehension . Rica was arrested on Tuesday night and charged with fourth-degree theft and hindering apprehension. Rica accepted a plea deal in Bergen County Superior Court Wednesday to repay the money to the Village of Ridgewood after pleading guilty to four counts of theft. Although he will avoid jail time, Rica must pay the village $200,000 in restitution comprising an initial lump sum payment, followed by $2,000 monthly payments over the course of his five-year probation, NorthJersey.com reported. Bergen County Prosecutor’s Office has also dictated that Rica can never work for another municipality. Court appearance: Thomas Rica (pictured left with his attorney)  appeared before Superior Court Judge John Conte Wednesday morning in Hackensack to accept a plea deal . Patch reported in January 2013 that authorities began investigating Rica after an employee noticed coins were missing from the room. 'The investigation revealed that the room had been entered numerous times by an employee that was not authorized to be in the room,' a police officer told Patch. Authorities said Rica, who had worked at Ridgewood since 2004, frequently went into the parking meter collection room and filled his pockets with change, before depositing the stolen coins in his bank account. Scene: Thomas Rica admitted to stealing more than 1.8 million quarters from the parking meter collection room in Ridgewood Village Hall (pictured)
highlights: New Jersey's Thomas Rica, 43, pleaded guilty today to four counts of theft . He stole more than 1.8 million quarters from the parking meter collection room in Ridgewood Village Hall, New Jersey . He was sacked in January 2013 for taking $500 in coins . Investigators later discovered much more was missing .
id: 6106a04fca0ff2ef611f6fba36a7734d393a2e14
chatgpt: Thomas Rica, a former employee of Ridgewood Village Hall, New Jersey, pleaded guilty on Thursday to four counts of theft. He admitted to stealing more than 1.8 million quarters from the parking meter collection room over a period of several years. The 43-year-old man was fired from his job in January 2013 for stealing just $500 in coins. However, investigators later discovered that the amount of missing coins was much larger than initially suspected. Rica's scheme involved rigging a device to divert the coins into bags that he then took home. He was able to steal the coins for several years without getting caught. The theft was discovered in March 2015, when the village's finance department conducted an audit of the parking meter revenue. At that time, it was discovered that there was a significant discrepancy between the amount of revenue generated and the amount of money collected from the meters. Rica's theft had serious consequences for the community, as the money stolen was intended for public services such as road repairs, snow removal, and public safety. Rica's guilty plea is a reminder that theft of public funds will not be tolerated. "This is a clear message to those who contemplate stealing public funds," said Village Manager Heather Mailander. "We will work hard to uncover the truth and bring the perpetrators to justice." The defendant faces up to ten years in prison for each count of theft, and will be required to make restitution of the stolen funds. Rica will be sentenced on February 22, 2022. The Ridgewood Police Department and Bergen County Prosecutor's Office worked together to investigate and prosecute the case.