article: By . Anucyia Victor for MailOnline . Tucking into fresh, local produce should be part of the holiday experience. But it seems Britons prefer to stick to what they know. According to a new study, one in ten holidaymakers resorts to cooking British dishes when abroad because their family won't eat foreign food. A quarter of them (24 per cent) cook a traditional roast, while 21 per cent rustle up fish and chips. Breakfast's up: One in ten holidaymakers resort to cooking British dishes when abroad because their family won't eat foreign food . Fish dinner: 21 per cent rustle up fish and chips when away from home soil . The research found that 33 per cent of holidaymakers prefer eating traditional British food rather than sampling local delicacies. However it's not only a suntan that we tend to bring back from our hols. Although 10 per cent refuse to touch local food, many come home inspired by recipes they've tried while away. Paella tops the list of meals recreated back home as 10 percent consider Spain one of the top ten countries for food inspiration. Tapas also ranked highly with 40 per cent recreating the small, savoury dishes at home. Italy is the country most likely to encourage culinary masterpieces back on home soil, with 23 per cent of returning holiday makers attempting new  Italian dishes. India comes a far second, with only 12 per cent trying to cook authentic Indian dishes. Traditional: Sunday roast dinners never seem to go out of fashion . Trying it out: Bruschetta and sushi are some of the holiday foods a number of Brits recreate at home . Mojito . Sangria . Jamaican Ginger Beer . Mai Tai . Caipirinha . Spanish Tea . Cachaça . Pisco Sour . Mama Juana . Queimada . Paella . Bolognese . Tapas . Moussaka . Tortilla . Bruschetta . Antipasti . Chorizo . Chickpea Hummus . Sushi . One in ten Brits even admit hosting a holiday-inspired dinner party after returning. Drink up: Brazilian cachaça is a favourite drink to make . France . and China were also considered inspiration foodie havens, as were . Mexico, America and Japan with four percent of the votes, and Barbados . and Portugal (two per cent each) Meanwhile, two thirds try to recreate the holiday mood by mixing up as many as three different drinks inspired by their trip. The . survey was conducted by Morrisons. Their spokesperson said,  'Feeding . the family when on holiday can often be difficult which is why many . people find it easier to cook meals they're familiar with.' Mother . of two Susan Baker, 42, of Southampton, Hants, said: 'My husband still . likes his fish and chips and English breakfast when we go to Spain. 'We eat in a lot of places which do typical English food and the kids are happiest with things they recognise too. 'But do like to have a paella too and I've given it a go at home - it never tastes as good though.'
highlights: Survey finds one in ten unadventurous eaters not willing to try foreign food . But drinks do well with more than two thirds coming back inspired . Spanish paella and tapas and Italian bruschetta and bolognese rank highly .
id: 6d08e4a41c00481505b9980f7295ab1c6cdaab87
chatgpt: A recent survey conducted by the food industry revealed that one in ten people never try foreign food due to a lack of willingness to explore new tastes. The study found that unadventurous eaters tend to stick to what they know and avoid anything they perceive as unfamiliar or culturally ambiguous. Despite this, the same survey found more than two-thirds of people to be inspired by drinks from around the world. Cocktail variations and beer flavors were noted as top inspirations among respondents, with many citing a willingness to try new things when it comes to alcoholic beverages. Spanish food ranks highly among those willing to try new foods with paella and tapas noted as top choices. Italian cuisine also scores well, with bruschetta and bolognese being mentioned favorably among respondents. The survey also found that those who are willing to try new foods tend to see it as an opportunity to explore new cultures and expand their horizons. They are often driven by a sense of curiosity when it comes to food, and are eager to try new things no matter how unusual they may seem. Many respondents who were open to trying new foods cited traveling as a primary influence on their willingness to experiment with different cuisines. They described how experiencing food in different countries and cultures sparked their curiosity and encouraged them to be more adventurous when it came to trying new things. But for those who are more hesitant to try new tastes, the survey found that they often associated foreign foods with negative notions, such as being too spicy, too exotic or too different from what they were used to. Others said they simply didn't like the idea of being unable to identify what was in their food. The survey also revealed that young people were more likely than older generations to be adventurous eaters, with millennials standing out as the most likely to try new foods. This demographic was found to be more open to diversity in food, and more willing to experiment when it came to trying different flavors and dishes. Despite the differences in attitudes towards food and drink, the survey suggests that there is a growing interest in exploring new tastes among people of all ages. From well-established international favorites like Spanish paella and Italian bruschetta, to lesser-known dishes from around the globe, people are showing a growing appetite for trying new things and experiencing new cultures through their food choices. In conclusion, the food industry can expect to see a growing demand for diverse and unique flavors, with a focus on dishes that offer an authentic taste of other cultures. As more and more people become interested in exploring new and exciting cuisines, restaurants and chefs have the opportunity to showcase their creativity and culinary expertise, and perhaps persuade even the most unadventurous eaters to give foreign food a chance.