article: (CNET) -- Coulomb Technologies on Wednesday said it will build 4,600 electric vehicle charging stations in nine regions of the U.S., funded by $37 million in grants. More than half of the charging stations in the program called ChargePoint America will go in public locations, such as overnight parking spaces, offices, or retail locations. About 2,000 going into people's homes as part of the purchase of an electric vehicle. The goal of the charging network and others like it is to make electric vehicles more accessible to consumers, as these cars come to market in the coming months, said Richard Lowenthal, the CEO of Campbell, California-based Coulomb Technologies during a press conference. The program differs from other electric vehicle charging networks in that Coulomb is working with Ford Motor, General Motors, and Smart USA on the roll out, Lowenthal said. Ford will release an electric Transit Connect utility van and electric Ford Focus sedan in 2011, GM plans to release the Volt by November, and the electric Smart fortwo will begin pilot testing in the U.S. by 2011. The stations themselves will be equipped with 220-volt service at either 16 or 30 amps, which enables faster charging than regular home electrical service. Lowenthal said that an electric car with a large battery could charge from empty in under four hours. Drivers will be able to find available charging stations using either an iPhone or Blackberry application, which can also send alerts if a car battery is running low or if a connected car is unplugged. The system includes software for station owners to set billing rates. Regions are considering cheaper off-peak rates to encourage drivers to charge overnight. Utilities can see available energy electric vehicles or run demand-response programs to slow charging rates during peak times if needed. "Our stations are unique in that they are all networked. That allows them to support a bunch of software applications which are important to different constituents," Lownenthal said, adding that installation will begin immediately and continue for 18 months. The nine regions are: the Bellevue and Redmond, Washington area; Sacramento, Calif.; the San Francisco and San Jose, California. region; Los Angeles; Orlando, Florida; Washington D.C.; New York City; Austin, Texas; and Detroit, Michigan. Of the total in grants, $15 million will come from the Department of Energy as part of the stimulus act and another $22 million will come from other sources, Lowenthal said. As part of project, Coulomb will gather data on driver usage patterns and report it to the Department of Energy until October 2013. © 2010 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. CNET, CNET.com and the CNET logo are registered trademarks of CBS Interactive Inc. Used by permission.
highlights: Company to build 4,600 electric vehicle charging stations in nine regions of the U.S. More than half in the ChargePoint America program will go in public locations . Of the total in grants, $15 million will come from the Department of Energy .
id: 843459d322f0875c9bc21909f9ba9fb3ba50f338
chatgpt: A major infrastructure investment in electric vehicle charging is set to take place across the United States, with one company announcing plans to install over 4,600 charging stations in nine regions. The project is part of the ChargePoint America program, and more than half of the charging stations will be placed in public locations, making it easier for EV drivers to travel longer distances. The company behind the project, ChargePoint, said that the installation of the new EV chargers will help reduce range anxiety among EV drivers, and contribute to the fight against climate change. The new charging stations will be built in areas where there is a high demand for EV charging, such as along highways and in urban areas. The project is being supported by a $15 million grant from the Department of Energy as part of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act, which was enacted to help the country recover from the economic downturn of 2008. The grant will enable ChargePoint to accelerate the rollout of the charging infrastructure, which will support the growing number of EVs currently on U.S. roads. In addition to public locations, the new charging stations will also be installed in workplaces, multi-unit dwellings, and other locations where EV charging is required. The stations will be able to charge electric cars and light-duty vehicles, such as hybrid cars, plug-in hybrids, and battery electric vehicles. ChargePoint said that the new charging stations will be easy to find and access, through the company's mobile app and website. The app will provide real-time information about the availability of charging stations, and will allow drivers to reserve a charging spot in advance. Additionally, the app will provide information about pricing and payment options, as well as charging speed and estimated charging time. The company also said that the new charging stations will be equipped with the latest technology, and will support high-speed charging, providing drivers with up to 80 miles of range in just 20 minutes. The charging stations will also be able to communicate with EVs, to help optimize the charging process and improve efficiency. The ChargePoint America program has already installed more than 45,000 charging stations across the United States since its launch in 2010. The new project will significantly expand the network, providing EV drivers with greater convenience and accessibility. The new charging stations are expected to be installed over the next five years, with the first stations set to go live in the coming months. The project is part of a broader effort to transition to cleaner and more sustainable transportation, and is expected to support the growing adoption of electric vehicles in the United States.