article: Washington (CNN) -- Rep. Ron Barber, one of the last remaining lawmakers whose reelection fate has yet to be decided, has filed suit in federal court asking for 133 disqualified ballots to be counted as his contest with Republican Martha McSally heads to a recount. "We are talking about 133 Southern Arizona voters who lived up to their responsibility — they registered to vote and then showed up to vote," Barber attorney Kevin Hamilton said in a statement out Monday. "We are asking the court to ensure that every lawful vote is counted. That's what America is all about." Barber is trailing McSally, a retired Air Force colonel, by just 161 votes, a margin slim enough to trigger a recount when the votes are certified by the secretary of State, which is expected Dec. 1. But his campaign has been working feverishly over the past few weeks to find and gather evidence of ballots they say were illegitimately thrown out. They submitted with the lawsuit sworn affidavits from the voters in question outlining the issues they faced trying to cast their ballots. The reasons their votes were discarded range from signatures not lining up with their registrations to election officials failing to direct voters to their proper polling places. Barber's campaign tried unsuccessfully last week to delay the canvass of votes in the two counties that make up the district, Pima and Cochise, hoping to buy time to continue to root out other votes that may have been wrongfully discarded. But with the campaign's requests denied, Barber's options for ensuring those 133 ballots are included in the final count have narrowed. His lawsuit is seeking a restraining order to prevent the secretary of State from certifying the election results until the ballots in question have been counted. Barber holds the seat once held by his former boss Democrat Gabrielle Giffords. McSally, meanwhile, is continuing with business as though representative-elect. She spent last week in Washington D.C. at freshman orientation with other newly elected lawmakers from across the nation.
highlights: Rep. Ron Barber's reelection bid is one of the few uncalled remaining House races . He's down by 161 votes to GOP opponent Martha McSally . That margin will trigger a recount when the vote is certified next month .
id: 08262b12dad2d3fa14fafc2ed356a798132ad408
chatgpt: After a nail-biting election night, it seems Rep. Ron Barber's bid for reelection is still up in the air. Among the few remaining uncalled House races, Barber trails behind his GOP opponent Martha McSally by a mere 161 votes. This slim margin has prompted officials to schedule a recount when the vote is certified next month. Barber, a Democrat, has represented Arizona's 2nd Congressional District since 2012. A former aide to the late Rep. Gabrielle Giffords, Barber replaced her in a special election after Giffords was shot during a public event in Tucson. Since then, Barber has worked to promote issues such as veterans' care and border security. McSally, a retired Air Force colonel, has made her military experience a focal point of her campaign. She has railed against what she views as the Obama administration's weak foreign policy and has promised to cut wasteful government spending. Despite the ideological differences between the two candidates, both campaigns have been doggedly fighting for every vote. Since Election Day, the lead has swung back and forth between Barber and McSally, with the latest count putting McSally in the lead. A recount could potentially tip the scales in Barber's favor, but it's important to note that recounts typically don't result in major changes in vote totals. At best, the process could uncover a small number of wrongly counted ballots or other errors. Regardless of the outcome, the Barber-McSally race highlights the razor-thin margins that can determine election outcomes. Just a few votes can make all the difference, and both parties know it. That's why both sides are likely to continue mounting legal challenges and other efforts to ensure that every vote is counted. Residents of Arizona's 2nd Congressional District will have to wait until next month to learn the final outcome of this tight race. In the meantime, both Barber and McSally are urging their supporters to stay vigilant and continue to push for their candidate. Who will ultimately emerge victorious remains to be seen.