article: By . Jo Macfarlane . PUBLISHED: . 20:46 EST, 26 January 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 20:47 EST, 26 January 2013 . Nearly 400 family doctors have signed a petition protesting against controversial plans to close  a highly regarded Accident and Emergency department. Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt is due to make a decision this week on whether to accept a recommendation by his officials to close the A&E and maternity wards at Lewisham Hospital in South-East London. But every single GP working in Lewisham – plus hundreds more from the surrounding area – have now written to the Department of Health to express their ‘dismay’ at the plans, which they say ‘ignored overwhelming opposition from the people and from us’. Plans: There is a recommendation to close A&E and maternity wards at Lewisham Hospital in London . Anger: Protesters from around the country marching past Lewisham Hospital in protest against proposals to scrap the 'high performing' hospital's A&E department . Both Mr Hunt and David Cameron have insisted A&E departments should close only if all of the Government’s four ‘reconfiguration tests’ are met. But the petition means the plan to close Lewisham fails on the very first of those tests – which requires support from local GPs. The petition will be presented to the Government on Wednesday ahead of Mr Hunt’s decision, which is due by Friday. Dr Helen Tattersfield, a local GP and chairman of Lewisham Clinical Commissioning Group, said: ‘I know of no GP who supports these proposals across the whole of Lewisham. Demand: Nurses who took part in the London 2012 Olympic opening ceremony wear their costumes as they join demonstrators in South-East London . Replace: Under proposals being considered by the Government, Lewisham Hospital would see its emergency department replaced with an 'urgent care' ward . ‘Everyone is convinced it will be a disaster.’ Dr John Miell,  consultant endocrinologist at the hospital, added: ‘Ripping the heart out of a deprived rainbow community does not fit the normal demographic for healthcare modelling.’ Yesterday an estimated 15,000 people marched through Lewisham in protest against the proposals which are intended to save money for a bankrupt neighbouring Trust – even though Lewisham itself is not in debt. A spokesman for Mr Hunt said no decision had yet been made. A Department of Health spokesman said: ‘Doing nothing is not an option.’
highlights: Plans to close A&E and maternity wards at Lewisham Hospital in London . Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt is due to make a decision this week . But every single GP working in Lewisham – plus hundreds more from the surrounding area – have now written to the Department of Health .
id: f73294f71373c09490f060cc3b200f1293651bc7
chatgpt: Lewisham Hospital, located in the bustling borough of Lewisham in south-east London, has been in the news for some time. Plans to close Accident and Emergency (A&E) and maternity wards at the hospital have been met with fierce opposition from residents and hospital staff alike. Now, a group of over 500 doctors, including every single GP who works in Lewisham, have written to the Department of Health in a bid to save the hospital’s services. The decision on whether to close the wards lies with Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt, who is set to make a decision this week. Hunt has previously argued that the closures are necessary in order to develop stronger, more sustainable hospitals in the area. However, the doctors who have written to the department have voiced their concerns about the effect the proposed closures would have on patients, particularly those who are elderly or vulnerable. “These closures would have a devastating impact on the health of our patients,” said Dr Louise Irvine, a local GP who is spearheading the campaign against the closures. “Both A&E and maternity services are vital for the community in Lewisham, and we simply cannot afford to lose them. If these closures were to go ahead, patients would be forced to travel further afield to receive the care they need. This would cause considerable stress and anxiety, particularly for the most vulnerable members of our community.” The doctors’ letter warns that the proposed closures would lead to a “serious deterioration” in the health of patients in the area, and would leave many people without access to vital medical services. They argue that investing in the hospital, rather than closing it down, would be a better way to ensure that local residents have access to high-quality medical care. The Save Lewisham Hospital campaign, which is supported by the British Medical Association (BMA), has also raised concerns about the potential loss of jobs that would result from the proposed closures. The hospital currently employs over 4,000 people, and the campaign warns that many of these staff members could face redundancy if the wards are shut down. The proposed closures at Lewisham Hospital are part of a wider programme of NHS reform that is aimed at saving money and improving the efficiency of hospitals across the country. However, opponents of the plan argue that it is short-sighted and could lead to serious harm for patients in the affected areas. The Save Lewisham Hospital campaign is urging members of the public to write to their MPs and express their opposition to the proposed closures. They are also calling on the government to listen to the concerns raised by doctors and other medical professionals, and to consider the impact that the closures would have on the health of local residents.