article: (CNN) -- A whistle-blower whose research on athletes' literacy caused a firestorm of controversy at the University of North Carolina is leaving, she told CNN on Monday. Mary Willingham said it's her choice. She said she hasn't yet turned in a final letter of resignation but simply informed her boss that she plans to leave before the end of the semester. "It's been a hostile work environment the entire year," Willingham told CNN. "I stuck it out because I wanted to make good on promises to my students, but it has not been fun." UNC spokesman Joel Curran said he was aware of Willingham's public comments, but he was "unaware as to whether or not she has formally tendered her resignation." Willingham was one of the original UNC staff members to publicly call attention to a system of "paper classes" at UNC. She told the The News & Observer newspaper in nearby Raleigh that athletes were pushed into classes that required very little work and no attendance. This year, she told CNN that during the course of her research, she personally worked with athletes who were functionally illiterate. Her research was disavowed by the university. UNC: Experts find flaws in whistle-blower's findings . UNC said three independent experts in adult literacy conducted a university-commissioned review of Willingham's research and found flaws in her claims that some athletes were reading at elementary-school levels. Willingham's research, described to CNN in January, was based on a sampling of about 180 athletes with whom Willingham worked during an eight-year period. Each had taken a 25-question reading vocabulary test on the Scholastic Abilities Test for Adults. The aptitude test used by many universities to gauge the learning level of incoming students. Last month, a Washington whistle-blower group wrote a letter to UNC, demanding the university apologize to Willingham and launch an investigation into the way it says she has been publicly smeared, most specifically by Provost Jim Dean. The group said it was possible that North Carolina whistle-blower laws were broken. Since the CNN report aired, UNC has asked for a new investigation into the yearslong paper class scandal, in which student-athletes allegedly were taking classes in which the only requirement was completing a single paper. Attorney Kenneth Wainstein, who had worked at the U.S. Justice Department for 19 years, is reviewing whether it was widely known among staff in athletics that players were sent to no-show classes where little or no work was required. U.S. Rep. Tony Cardenas, D-California, is also demanding the NCAA address why UNC was never sanctioned. Willingham told CNN that the paper classes were widely known and talked about in athletics, where she worked for seven years. She also said the paper classes were used to keep eligible some of the athletes who were reading at low levels. Some college athletes play like adults, read like 5th-graders .
highlights: Mary Willingham said her research exposed some athletes' poor reading ability . The University of North Carolina countered that experts found her results flawed . Willingham said she stuck it out this long because of 'promises to my students' She said she hasn't turned in a final letter of resignation but told her boss of her intentions .
id: b8a9ced96613e041ef8cca40039f58c58348b30d
chatgpt: Controversy has engulfed the University of North Carolina, after former academic advisor Mary Willingham released a report claiming that some of the institution's athletes had poor reading skills. Willingham has been a vocal critic of the university's treatment of athletes for several years, and her findings have both attracted praise and generated significant backlash. According to Willingham's report, which was based on a study of 183 UNC athletes over an eight-year period, some athletes had reading abilities as low as fourth or fifth grade. Willingham's research also found that athletes were often channeled into low-level courses that required less work and less critical thinking than other courses. The findings led to a series of legal challenges against UNC, and some academics joined the debate, either supporting or criticizing Willingham's results. UNC, however, has been quite defensive, and the university's response was unambiguous. The institution publicly questioned the validity of Willingham's research, and hired three outside experts to evaluate the methods and findings of her study. In a report released in August 2014, the panel of experts stated that Willingham's findings were flawed and that her methodology did not meet accepted scientific standards. "IT'S NOT THAT OUR ATHLETES CAN'T READ, IT'S THAT THEY'RE BEING PUSHED INTO COURSES THAT DON'T ASK MUCH OF THEM" - MARY WILLINGHAM Despite the criticism, Willingham has remained steadfast, vowing to continue her advocacy work. "I've stuck it out this long because of promises to my students," she said. "I have students who are coming to me and saying, 'Please don't leave me. Please don't abandon me.' And so I'm staying for them." Willingham has not yet submitted her final letter of resignation but has informed her boss of her intentions. Meanwhile, UNC officials have issued a statement asserting that they required Willingham "to use rigorous and scientifically sound research methods" to determine the literacy levels of student-athletes, which she failed to do. The controversy has not only raised alarms about the academic standards among student-athletes at UNC but also featured debates about the proper role of athletics in American colleges and universities. With sports being a source of revenue, the desire to keep winning and keeping a steady stream of revenue flowing in is vital to many of these institutions. From this perspective, academic shortcomings of athletes may become becoming secondary to maintaining victories and keeping the funds rolling in. Regardless of the outcome of the UNC controversy, concerns about academic standards and athletic departments' influence are unlikely to go anywhere. The debate extends well beyond UNC, too, and applies to institutions all over the world that have varsity sports programs. It raises questions on the ethics of putting student-athletes through all that strain and pressure, for a potential large financial gain to the school.