article: Early reference: Scottish poet and novelist Sir Walter Scott wrote of the sound 'boo' in 1830 . It's the word most commonly associated with giving people a fright - and after extensive research it seems Scots can now claim it as their own. A new linguistics study has revealed that the word 'boo' is most likely to have originated in the country after its earliest reference was found in the religious works of two Scottish writers in the 18th century. Its first recorded use comes in the Scotch Presbyterian Eloquence Display'd, written by Gilbert Crokatt and John Monroe under the pseudonym of Jacob Curate in 1738. It is defined as 'a word that's used in the north of Scotland to frighten crying children'. Scots poet and novelist Sir Walter Scott also made reference to the sound in his series of essays titled Letters on Demonology and Witchcraft from 1830. He wrote 'we start and are afraid when we hear one cry Boh!' defining it as an 'an exclamation intended to surprise or frighten'. The Oxford English Dictionary (OED) says 'bo' or 'boh' comes from the sixteenth century, but its exact sense is not always clear. David Robinson, a linguist from Glasgow University, who works on the origins of English, said: 'There is a tendency to consider words like this as slang and unimportant, and not to trace their origins. 'The OED gives the etymology of "bo" as "a combination of consonant and vowel especially fitted to produce a loud and startling sound". 'However, different words are used in different languages - for example, French ghosts say "hou", so it should be possible to trace the origins of individual words. Scary: The 18th and 19th centuries were the heyday of ghost stories like Dickens' Christmas Carol, pictured . 'Since it appears that Scottish ghosts were the first to say "boo", it would be really interesting to find where this word came from. 'If it does come from the north of Scotland, then it might come from Gaelic. 'Gaelic ghosts do say boo, but we don't know if the Gaelic came from the Scots or the Scots from the Gaelic.' David added: 'There is very little data to go on. I'd be interested to know what Scots- or Gaelic-speaking ghosts from the 18th or 19th century would have to say about this.'
highlights: First reference appears in Scottish religious book published in 1738 . Defined it as 'word used in north of Scotland to frighten crying children' Sir Walter Scott also used word in series of supernatural essays in 1830 .
id: 44af1b2c1d8b11e6f5181b21f739ef1a3009a462
chatgpt: A word that has puzzled Scottish readers for centuries has finally been explained. The word in question is "shoogle", which first appeared in a religious book published in Scotland in 1738. According to the book, "shoogle" was a word used in the north of Scotland to frighten crying children into stopping their wailing.  Over the years, the word has appeared in various other works, but it wasn't until Sir Walter Scott's supernatural essays in 1830 that "shoogle" gained further attention. Scott, who was well known for his literary works, used the word in a series of essays that explored the supernatural and unexplained phenomena in Scotland.  It's not just the use of the word "shoogle" that has captured the attention of readers. The fact that the word has been used for centuries without any clear definition or explanation has also been a source of fascination for many.  So, what does "shoogle" actually mean? According to experts, the word refers to the action of shaking or moving something, usually with the intent of causing fear or unease. This could be shaking a tree to scare birds away, or shaking a toy to frighten a child into silence.  The meaning of "shoogle" may seem insignificant to many, but it's a reminder of the rich history and culture of Scotland. For centuries, words like "shoogle" have been used in everyday language, passed down from generation to generation. Although some words have fallen out of use, others have stood the test of time, becoming part of the language and the culture of a nation.  The discovery of the meaning of "shoogle" is yet another example of the way in which literature and language can provide a fascinating insight into the past. Through the use of words like "shoogle", we can learn about the traditions, customs, and beliefs of our ancestors.  As for the future of "shoogle", it's hard to say. While the word may continue to be used in Scotland and beyond, it's likely that many people will only encounter it in works of literature or in historical texts. Nevertheless, the discovery of its meaning is a reminder of the enduring power of language and the way in which words can shape our understanding of the world around us.