article: By . Kerry Mcdermott . PUBLISHED: . 09:37 EST, 27 July 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 10:57 EST, 27 July 2012 . The odds of cracking open an egg and finding a double yolk inside of finding a double are believed to be around 1,000/1. So chef Ross Cruickshanks might be tempted to buy a lottery ticket after an extraordinary run that saw him crack open 19 ‘double yolkers’ in a row while cooking breakfast at a Scottish café. Mr Cruickshanks was rustling up breakfasts for diners at Café Riva by Nardini in North Ayrshire when he broke open six of the unusual double yolk eggs in succession last week - a feat in itself believed to have a one in a trillion chance of happening. Amazed waitresses took the first six to waiting customers, only for the chef to find double yolks in the next 13 eggs he cracked on to his grill at the café in Inverkip, Inverclyde, last week. Hope you're hungry: Pictured sizzling away on Ross Cruickshanks' grill are 13 of the 19 double yolk eggs he cracked open in a row as he prepared breakfast for diners at a Scottish cafe . Staff snapped pictures of the bizarre coincidence and posted them on the restaurant’s Facebook page. The post added: ‘Ross has just made three breakfasts with SIX double yolkers in a row – that’s odds of more than a TRILLION to one!’ Eggs-travaganza: Part-time chef Ross Cruickshanks cracked open no less than 19 'double yolkers' in a row at the cafe in Inverkip . When the chef went on to crack open more than a dozen more, staff added: 'Ok now it’s getting unreal, another 13 in a row!' The run . continued at the café last week, with kitchen staff cracking open . another 10 double yolkers on Thursday and 10 more on Friday, according . to café owner Alessandro Nardini. 'I've . been researching it a bit myself and it's supposed to be lucky to find a . double yolk, so I've put on a lottery ticket for this week,' Mr Nardini . said. Mr Nardini said . the cafe's egg supplier, C&G Eggs in Greenock, use vans emblazoned . with the fitting slogan: 'Need a Yolk? I'm Your Bloke'. Chef . Ross, from Skelmorlie in North Ayrshire, is studying sport and physical activity at Strathclyde . University in Glasgow. He has been working part-time in the kitchen at Cafe . Riva since March. A spokeswoman for the British Egg Information Service said cracking open 19 double yolks in a row was 'very impressive indeed'. 'The chances of getting a double yolk are estimated to be less than one in 1,000, so this is pretty rare,' she said. The spokesman added: 'Egg yolks contain all kinds of vitamins and minerals and studies recently showed that they contain more nutritional value than was previously thought,'
highlights: Part time chef amazed to crack open six 'double yolkers' - before going on to find another 13 in a row . Scottish cafe has found two yolks in a total of 39 of its eggs over several days last week - despite odds of less than one in 1,000 .
id: 67e4e37a31a6a06b11c60b22a9f96e0f5f6265af
chatgpt: A part-time chef in Scotland recently had an incredible stroke of luck when she cracked open six eggs and found each one contained double yolks. But the incredible luck didn't stop there - she went on to crack open an additional 13 eggs in a row, all of which contained double yolks. A feat so incredible it has left many in disbelief. The chef, who works at a Scottish café, discovered that over the course of several days last week, the café had found two yolks in a total of 39 eggs they cracked open. This is despite the odds of finding a double yolk egg being less than one in 1,000. The chef, who wishes to remain anonymous, couldn't believe her luck. "I've seen double yolk eggs before, but to find 13 in a row is something else entirely," she said. "It's pretty amazing, to be honest." Double yolks occur when a chicken releases two eggs too close together, which then get encased in one shell. It is not uncommon for hens to lay double yolk eggs, but finding so many in a row is a rare occurrence. The café has been using eggs from the same supplier as usual, and the supplier has assured them that the eggs are nothing out of the ordinary. "We've been using the same supplier for years, and this type of thing has never happened before," said the cafe's manager. While some may see this as just a stroke of luck, others believe it could be a sign of a problem with the hens. "It's possible that there is something off with the feed or the conditions that the hens are kept in, which is causing them to produce more double yolk eggs than usual," said Sarah Richardson, a poultry scientist at the University of Edinburgh. Despite the potential for something to be amiss, the café is taking it all in its stride, with the manager jokingly saying that they might need to start selling "lucky" eggs for a higher price. The odds of finding 13 double yolks in a row are incredibly slim, with the chances estimated at around one in a trillion. So, it seems that this café has beaten the odds in a big way. For now, the café is continuing to use the eggs from their usual supplier and is hoping that their run of good luck continues. And who knows, perhaps they'll be able to start selling "lucky" eggs after all. Time will certainly tell.