article: (CNN) -- In the social media age, you don't need to be at a party to enjoy clever or catty comments about the Super Bowl. Twitter was ablaze Sunday evening with running commentary about every conceivable aspect of Super Bowl XLVI, from Patriots' tight end Rob Gronkowski's balky ankle to Madonna's acrobatic halftime show to all those commercials. (Yes, Clint Eastwood's gravelly voice is bringing Detroit back. And was that really Motley Crue shilling for Kia?) Users were sending an average of 8,000 tweets per second during Madonna's "world peace"-themed performance and an average of 10,000 tweets per second during the game's dramatic final three minutes, according to Twitter. CNNMoney: Chrysler is king . These weren't the most informative tweets about Sunday's big game, but they were among the funniest. Here, in chronological order, are 20 of our favorites: . Faux John Madden -- Tough break for Papa Johns.. If the coin toss is heads, they will give free pizzas to America. If it's tails, they have to feed Khloe Kardashian. Zach Broussard -- If the world ends and the only survivors are guys talking about Chevy trucks, I'd rather die. #Superbowl . The Sklar Brothers -- That's so cool they let Elton John wear his own wardrobe in that Pepsi spot . Onion Sports Network -- Patriot sources reporting Danny Woodhead to spend game in Rob Gronkowski's sock to provide extra ankle support #SuperBowl . Patton Oswalt -- Just heard Madonna will do a parody version of @alyankovic's "Like a Surgeon" during halftime show. The Sklar Brothers -- That's the first time Madonna's used a Trojan correctly #SuperBowl . Vevo -- All testosterone has left the stadium. #SuperBowl #Halftime . Ana Maria Cox -- Does anyone know where Tebow was during "Like a Prayer"? Paul Sanders -- Just glad to see that someone is finally willing to take a stand in favor of world peace. #halftime . Darden Rice -- I guess that means be ready for Lady Gaga at the Superbowl show in 2032 . Andy Borowitz -- BREAKING: NFL Sets Next Year's Halftime Show Starring Dame Judi Dench . Connie Schultz -- To Madonna's critics: Post a video of yourself doing cartwheels in 5-inch heels, then we'll talk. Mo Rocca -- Somebody give Clint Eastwood a lozenge! Jenna Jakowatz -- hey should take off #tombrady's shirt to check that shoulder. It could be serious. The Sklar Brothers -- How can you not take Danica Patrick seriously as a race car driver at this point. #godaddy . Adrian Chen -- Who's watching the new episode of Downton Abbey right now? Expect a knock on the door. You're getting deported. TheFakeESPN -- Giants receivers are on the sideline reapplying Tyree stickum to the top of their helmets. Steve Martin -- Wow! What a game. Two minutes left. Headin' off to bed. Will get results in the morning. Onion Sports Network -- BREAKING: Super Bowl Ends As NBC Runs Out Of Commercials To Air . Rainn Wilson -- All those Patriots Superbowl XLVI CHAMPIONS hats & shirts are already on their way to the Congo.
highlights: Social media age means anyone can make catty comments about the Super Bowl . Here are 20 of our favorites about the game, the commercials and Madonna . Among the funniest are actor/comedians Patton Oswalt, Steve Martin and Rainn Wilson .
id: 0a7de0f5ef96887137f9d5b00b07e628e1010aff
chatgpt: The Super Bowl is one of the most watched television events in the world, drawing in millions of viewers and sparking conversations across the globe. But as we continue to live in the age of social media, it's not just the traditional sports analysts who have something to say about the game. Anyone with access to a computer or smartphone can log onto Twitter, Facebook or Instagram and make their own comments about the big game. And let's face it, some of those comments are downright catty. As we look back on last year's Super Bowl, it's hard not to laugh at some of the hilarious and snarky comments that were made by celebrities and ordinary folks alike. Here are 20 of our favorite catty comments about the game, the commercials and the halftime show. Actor/comedian Patton Oswalt got in on the action, tweeting "I'm calling it: this whole game was just an ad for Bane's new heist movie. #SuperBowl" Meanwhile, funnyman Steve Martin couldn't help but comment on Madonna's halftime performance, writing "I hope Madonna has inscribed 'Open Here' on her forehead and I get a free drink." And Rainn Wilson, best known for his role on The Office, couldn't resist poking fun at the commercials. "Is it just me or are all the #SuperBowl commercials about dogs now? For a while it was babies. Now it's dogs. What's next? Parakeets?" he tweeted. But it wasn't just the comedians who were making catty comments. Ordinary viewers were getting in on the act too. One Twitter user wrote, "If there's one thing I've learned from this Super Bowl, it's that nothing is better than a puppy and a Clydesdale becoming BFFs," in reference to a particularly emotional Budweiser commercial. Another user took aim at Beyonce's halftime performance, writing "I'm not saying Beyonce isn't talented, I'm just not sure what ninja moves have to do with football." And of course, there were plenty of comments about the game itself. One viewer tweeted "This game is like trying to find a ball in a haystack," while another wrote "It's like watching a chess match, but with more concussions." Whether you loved the Super Bowl, hated it or just watched for the commercials, there's no denying that social media gives us all a platform to make catty comments and snarky observations. And while it may not always be the most mature or insightful commentary, it sure is entertaining. So here's to another year of snarky tweets, funny memes and all the catty comments we can handle.