article: A fire at a hospital in southern Japan has killed ten people and left eight others injured. The blaze broke out at an orthopaedic hospital in the city of Fukuoka while patients were asleep. Officials said that eight of those who died were patients and two were staff at the hospital. Scroll down for video . Tragic: Fire crews pictured tackling a fire that broke out at an orthopaedic hospital in Japan. Ten people were killed . Serious injuries: Emergency crews rush an injured person to hospital following the fire. Several people are said to be in a serious condition . Several of those who were hurt are said to be in a serious condition. Witnesses described seeing emergency crews attempting to revive several of the patients outside the hospital. Media reports say a total of 18 people were at the hospital at the time of the fire, which has since been extinguished. Police said the fire started from the first floor of the four-storey building, but the cause is still under investigation. Most of the building was destroyed in the blaze. Horrific: An injured person is helped down from the first floor of the hospital by a firefighter, left, while a firefighter inspects the charred remains of the building once the blaze is out, right . Many of the patients admitted to the hospital, which is in a quiet residential area in the city, are believed to be elderly. According to the Japan Daily Press, one local resident, a 43-year old woman, said she heard cries of help at the time of the incident. The fire started at around 2.20am and took fire crews around two and a half hours to put out. There was no sign of an initial fire extinguishing effort at the hospital and fireproof doors on the second and third floors were not properly used, according to an unidentified fire department official. Extensive damage: This picture shows the first floor of the hospital, much of which was destroyed in the fire .
highlights: Eight of those who died at the Fukuoka hospital were patients . The cause of the fire, which destroyed much of the building, is unknown . One resident said she could hear people inside the hospital shouting 'help'
id: 32b0fddd585ebbf3c5f071e9e4b472770ca984fa
chatgpt: Tragedy struck a hospital in Fukuoka, Japan, as a fire broke out killing at least 10 people, eight of whom were patients. The cause of the fire is currently unknown and investigations are ongoing. The fire, which reportedly broke out on the seventh floor of the building, spread rapidly throughout the hospital, causing extensive damage to the structure. Witnesses reported hearing screams for help from inside the building as the blaze took hold. Firefighters were quickly dispatched to tackle the inferno and worked tirelessly to evacuate the building and extinguish the fires. However, their efforts were hampered by the dense smoke and intense flames, which made it difficult to navigate through the building to reach those trapped inside. One resident of the area, who lived near the hospital, reported hearing people shouting for help as the fire raged on. According to her, the screams were audible from outside and seemed to be coming from within the building. She described the experience as "heart-wrenching" and said she was traumatised by the incident. The Fukuoka hospital is a large complex, catering to a wide range of patients, including those with serious illnesses and injuries. As such, the impact of the fire is likely to be devastating, not just for those who lost loved ones but also for the broader community who relied on the hospital's services. The authorities have now begun an investigation into the cause of the fire, although it may be some time before the results are conclusive. In the meantime, residents of the area are rallying to support those affected by the tragedy, offering their condolences and practical assistance wherever possible. This is not the first time that Japan has experienced a major hospital fire, with several such incidents having occurred in recent years. As more details emerge about this latest tragedy, many will be hoping that swift action is taken to prevent similar incidents from happening in the future.