article: Two teenage schoolgirls were arrested over suspected terrorism offences after police believed they were trying to fly from Britain to Syria to fight in the civil war, it was revealed today. The 17-year-olds from London were grabbed at Heathrow airport this month amid concerns they had been radicalised and were going to become jihadists. A senior Scotland Yard officer has also revealed 14 young Britons have been held on charges linked to the Syrian conflict in January, compared to 24 for the whole of last year. Revelations: Scotland Yard has revealed it held two 17-year-olds believing they were going to join other women fighting in Syria (pictured) Counter-terrorism Commander Richard Walton warned today there are growing numbers of young 'boys and girls enticed' towards jihad, and some could target Britain next. 'We’ve had a number of teenagers both from London and nationally . who’ve been attempting to go to Syria,' he told the Evening Standard. 'That’s boys and girls . unfortunately. It’s not just the odd one. It’s shocking that they are . such young people.' The two teenagers held at Heathrow were later released, but Commander Walton added the chaos in Syria 'has all the ingredients' to produce terrorists also willing to try to kill people in the UK. Arrests: The two women were held at Heathrow (file picture) and the Met has held 14 teenagers on Syria-related allegations in total this month compared to 24 in all of 2013 . It came as two women accused of trying to smuggle cash from Britain to Syria to fund terrorism appeared in court. Naval Masaad, 26, and Amal El-Wahabi, 27, allegedly tried to take 20,000 Euros on a flight to Istanbul, Turkey. Masaad was arrested at Heathrow airport and found to have the cash wrapped in cling film stashed in her underwear. The two women wept and hugged each other in the dock when they appeared at Westminster Magistrates' Court today. Mother of two El-Wahabi waved and blew kisses to her family in the public gallery while Masaad's mother Zora Alla ran weeping from court. Masaad, of Holloway, and El-Wahabi, of Willesden, are both charged with becoming concerned in an arrangement as a result of which money was made available or was to be made available to another, and they knew or had reasonable cause to suspect that it would or may be used for the purposes of terrorism. They were both remanded in custody to appear at the Old Bailey on January 31 for a preliminary hearing. Neither indicated a plea to the charge. Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
highlights: Schoolgirls are 2 of 14 teenagers held for similar reasons this month . 'We’ve had a number of teenagers both from London and nationally . who’ve been attempting to go to Syria', says Met Commander . Two other woman in court accused of attempt to smuggle £16,000 to Syria .
id: 1437c823b87a5938498e8a253d17a0af401cd6f5
chatgpt: Two schoolgirls, aged 14 and 15, have been detained in London for attempting to travel to Syria. The teenagers are among 14 others who have been held for the same reason this month. The Metropolitan Police Commander for Counter Terrorism, Richard Walton, stated that they have seen a rising number of teenagers, both from London and around the country, who are attempting to travel to Syria. The girls have been taken into custody under the Terrorism Act 2000, and authorities are still investigating the details of their plans to go to Syria. This incident follows the case of three schoolgirls from East London who traveled to Syria in February, causing great concern among authorities and the wider community. In a separate case, two women appeared in court on Monday accused of attempting to smuggle £16,000 into Syria. The two were arrested at Heathrow Airport in January, and the police believe the money was intended to fund terrorism. If convicted, both women could face up to 14 years in prison. These incidents highlight the growing concern about the influence of ISIS and other extremist groups on young people. The lure of jihadism, and the prospect of joining the so-called Islamic State, have already drawn hundreds of British citizens to Syria. Authorities fear that these individuals will return to the UK with combat experience and extremist ideologies, posing a real threat to national security. The government has responded by introducing stricter measures to monitor and prevent travel to Syria, and to combat extremism at home. In August 2014, the UK raised its terror threat level from "substantial" to "severe" in response to the growing threat of homegrown terrorism. The UK's security services have since then disrupted several plots, but the number of young people attempting to travel to Syria remains a concern. The government has urged parents, schools, and community leaders to be vigilant and report any suspicious behavior. The Metropolitan Police has also launched a campaign to prevent young people from being radicalized, which includes working with schools to identify and intervene with at-risk students. These incidents serve as a reminder of the importance of preventing young people from being radicalized and brainwashed by extremist ideologies. The government and local communities must work together to address the root causes of extremism and to provide young people with positive alternatives to extremism. Only then can we ensure the safety and security of our communities.