article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 13:29 EST, 8 February 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 13:36 EST, 8 February 2013 . A 14-year-old schoolgirl is on life support in hospital after being brutally gang-raped in rural India. Police have failed to make any arrests since the horrific attack in the Jalandhar district of Punjab ten days ago. Yesterday Punjab Congress president Capt Amarinder Singh condemned the attack and expressed his concerns over the 'rising incidents' of rape in the state. Attack: A 14-year-old schoolgirl lies on life support after a brutal gang rape ten days ago  for which no one has yet been arrested . Capt Singh said he was shocked by the fact that none of the accused had been arrested ten days after the incident took place. He said: 'This reflects the state of affairs as how casually the police have taken such a serious offence,' Capt Singh added that an average of 40 rapes were taking place every month in Punjab. He said girl was now getting the best medical treatment possible after being moved to a hospital in the Punjabi city of Amristar. Doctors say she is stable but that they would be able to comment on her health only after another 24 hours. Location: The girl was attacked in in Shahkot in the Jalandhar district of India's Punjab . Spate: Punjab Congress president Capt Amarinder Singh condemned the attack and expressed his concerns over the 'rising incidents' of rape in the state . Mocking Deputy Chief Minister Sukhbir Badal's claims that Punjab was the safest state in the country he added: 'This for sure cannot be described to be the safest state in the country as this government will try to make us believe.' Capt Singh said 12 convicted rapists were pardoned last year, something that in his opinion reflected the government's casual attitude to the crime. The former Chief Minister insisted the government must not wriggle out of the responsibility by merely saying that it will bear the cost of the treatment. A 14-year old girl was allegedly abducted and gang-raped by three persons in Mandhala Channa village here on January 28 when she had gone out of her home to relieve herself. Sorry we are unable to accept comments for legal reasons.
highlights: Doctors said she is stable but that the next 24 hours would be crucial . An average of 40 rapes are said to be taking place every month in Punjab .
id: 2c50426cfbe3757ffc4996abfd8add06311a335c
chatgpt: A 24-year-old woman who was reportedly raped and left for dead in a ditch in Punjab, India, is fighting for her life in a local hospital. Doctors treating the woman say that while she is stable, the next 24 hours are crucial to her survival. This incident has brought renewed attention to the epidemic of sexual violence that has engulfed Punjab in recent years. According to local activists, an average of 40 rapes take place in the state every month. Many of these cases go unreported, and the perpetrators of these heinous crimes often go unpunished. The incident occurred in a rural area of Punjab, where the woman was reportedly abducted from her home at gunpoint. She was then taken to a nearby field, where she was brutally raped and left for dead. Passersby discovered her lying in a ditch several hours later and rushed her to the hospital. Police are investigating the incident, but so far no arrests have been made. Activists say that the lack of police action in cases like this is one of the main reasons why sexual violence is so prevalent in Punjab. "Rapes continue to happen in Punjab because there is no fear among perpetrators of the law," said one activist. "Police investigation and prosecution of rape cases is abysmally low in Punjab, with only a handful of cases leading to conviction." The incident has sparked outrage across the country, with many calling for justice for the victim and an end to the culture of impunity that allows sexual violence to go unchecked in Punjab. The incident is just the latest in a long line of such cases in the state, and activists fear that unless immediate action is taken, things will only get worse. "Punjab has become a hotbed of sexual violence, and the government needs to take urgent action to address this issue," said another activist. "We can't allow our daughters and sisters to live in fear of sexual violence every day of their lives."