article: By . Tom Roddy for MailOnline . Laughter and jokes seemed to surround Lukas Podolski's trip to Borussia Dortmund for Arsenal's Champions League clash. The German striker was in good spirits before the game, laughing with the Gunners' opponents in the warm up and signing autographs for local fans - but there was nothing funny about his cameo later in the match, at least from the forward's perspective. With Arsenal already 2-0 down and heading for defeat, the 29-year-old was called on by boss Arsene Wenger to enter as a substitute - only for the his introduction to comically be delayed. Mesut Ozil watches the game as Aaron Ramsey (sitting) tries to help Lukas Podolski find his shinpad . A desperate Podolski looks underneath abib to try and find the missing shinpad as Ozil joins the serach . Podolski and Ramsey check in the dugout while Arsenal were left trailing 2-0 at Borussia Dortmund . Podolski eventually made it on to the field but couldn't help team-mates Per Mertesacker (left) and Wojciech Szczesny prevent Arsenal from falling to an opening day Champions League defeat at the German side . Podolski lost his shin-pad on the touchline and after a failed search under bibs and within the dugout, Mesut Ozil half-heartedly gave him his to take to the field around five minutes later in the 77th minute. Podolski appeared in relaxed spirits ahead of the Champions League game against Dortmund. The Arsenal forward was in conversation with Dortmund manager Jurgen Klopp and defender Kevin Grosskreutz on the Signa Iduna Park pitch prior to kick off. Podolski and Grosskreutz laughed and joked around as there was more than just three points at stake for the two Germans  - they had a wager on. Lukas Podolski (left) chats with Jurgen Klopp (centre) and Kevin Grosskreutz (right) prior to Arsenal and Borussia Dortmund's Champions League Group D opener . Grosskreutz (left) slaps Podolski (right) on the back as the two joked around on the pitch . Podolski (right) escapes Grosskreutz (left) and laughs along with his fellow German . Grosskreutz (left) has enough of Podolski (right) and pushes him away . The two Germans had a wager on the Group D opener - the prize being a kebab . Dortmund fans mob Podolski for an autograph before the Champions League game at Signal Iduna Park . The 29-year-old forward made the bet with Groskreutz with a kebab as the prize. Podolski has struggled to make Arsene Wenger's first team so far this season, his only appearance coming in Arsenal's 1-1 draw with Leicester. The World Cup winner had a position on the substitutes bench for tonight's game. Podolski (left) looks to the top tiers of the Signa Iduna Park whilst chatting to Aaron Ramsey . Podolski has struggled to find a place in Arsene Wenger's starting line up so far this season . VIDEO Disappointed Wenger bemoans counter-attacks .
highlights: Lukas Podolski lost his shinpad after being called as a substitute . German forward had to borrow shinpad off team-mate Mesut Ozil . Arsenal lost 2-0 in Borussia Dortmund in Champions League opener . Podolski, 29, has pre-match chat with Jurgen Klopp and Kevin Grosskreutz . The Arsenal forward joked with Grosskreutz on the Signa Iduna Park pitch . The two Germans had a kebab wager on the Group D opener .
id: f6831d3ab117c3a4f52a61093b0ba10e95f313a1
chatgpt: German forward Lukas Podolski faced a bit of a dilemma during Arsenal's Champions League opener against Borussia Dortmund on Tuesday night. After being called upon as a substitute, the 29-year-old realized that he had lost his shinpad. But thankfully, Podolski was able to borrow a spare one off of teammate Mesut Ozil to ensure he could take to the field. Despite Podolski's efforts, Arsenal were unable to secure a win against his former club. They suffered a 2-0 defeat at the hands of Dortmund, with goals from Ciro Immobile and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang securing the victory for the Germans. Before the match, Podolski had spent some time chatting with Dortmund manager Jurgen Klopp and Kevin Grosskreutz, a Dortmund player who is also a member of the German national team with Podolski. On the pitch, the Arsenal forward joked around with Grosskreutz and even made a wager with him on the outcome of the match. According to reports, the two Germans had a kebab wager on the Group D opener. It is not known what the terms of the wager were, but it is likely that Podolski will be treating Grosskreutz to a kebab in the near future following Arsenal's defeat. Despite his good-natured banter, Podolski was unable to make an impact on the game as Arsenal struggled to break down Dortmund's defense. The German forward was substituted on for Aaron Ramsey in the 68th minute, but was unable to find the back of the net or create any clear-cut chances for his team. After the game, Podolski took to social media to express his disappointment with the result. In a tweet, he said: "Not the result we wanted but we will keep fighting! Thanks to the traveling Gooners for the support!" While the defeat was undoubtedly a blow for Arsenal, they still have plenty of time to get back on track in the Champions League. The Gunners will face Galatasaray and Anderlecht in their next two group games, and will be hoping to secure victories to keep their hopes of reaching the knockout stages alive. For Podolski, the loss will be particularly disappointing given his history with Dortmund. The German forward spent three seasons with the club between 2006 and 2009, and was undoubtedly hoping to make an impact against his former team. However, despite his best efforts, it wasn't to be on this occasion.