article: Al Qaeda has released a new video of American hostage Warren Weinstein giving a personal plea to Israeli leader Benjamin Netanyahu because 'American has abandoned him'. The 71-year-old, who was taken prisoner in Pakistan last August, delivers a video message in which he says President Obama 'has shown no interest in my case'. It is thought that Weinstein is being held in the tribal regions along Pakistan's border with Afghanistan. SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . Plea: Mr Weinstein, 71, has been videoed delivering a message asking Benjamin Netanyahu for help as President Obama has 'abandoned' him . Prisoner: Weinstein, left, shown pleading with Barack Obama in May, and shown in England in 2009, right . A video was posted earlier this year on jihadist websites by Al Qaeda's media division Al Sahab . In the brief one-minute message, Weinstein, sat in a plain white tshirt and appearing calm and healthy, asks Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu to 'intervene on my behalf'. He asks the Israeli leader for help in meeting Al Qaeda's demands, although he does not specify what these are. Previous Al Qaeda conditions for his release have included the freeing of militant suspects and a halt to U.S. airstrikes. The aid worker said President Barack Obama and the American government 'have shown no interest in my case.' Claim: Weinstein made a direct plea to Israeli leader Benjamin Netanyahu (left) after saying he was abandoned by President Obama . He appealed to Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for help 'as one Jew to another,' asking him to accept the militant group's demands so he could return to his family. He did not specify in his statement how the Israeli leader could end U.S. airstrikes or have militant suspects around the world released. Weinstein spoke while sitting down in front of a camouflage background. He wore a white T-shirt. His captors were not visible. The video was posted on the Internet by al-Qaida's media arm, Al-Sahab, according to IntelCenter, a U.S.-based group that monitors media websites. It contained the Al-Sahab logo. Pakistani students walk past Weinstein's house in Lahore, from where he was kidnapped, this morning . Weinstein was abducted last August in the eastern Pakistani city of Lahore after gunmen tricked his guards and broke into his home. He was the country director in Pakistan for J.E. Austin Associates, a U.S.-based firm that advises a range of Pakistani business and government sectors. Al-Qaida issued a video last December in which the group's leader, Ayman al-Zawahri, said the American would be released if the U.S. stopped airstrikes in Afghanistan, Pakistan, Somalia and Yemen. Al-Zawahri also demanded the release of all al-Qaida and Taliban suspects around the world. In May, Weinstein appeared in another video in which he said he would be killed unless President Barack Obama agreed to al-Qaida's demands.
highlights: Warren Weinstein makes plea for Isreali PM to 'intervene' He claims America has shown 'no interest in my case' Weinstein abducted last August in Pakistan . It is thought he is being held in tribal regions along Pakistan/Afghan border .
id: cd0a2178b5d9e538c479f4f8afb44b4c4cdb6626
chatgpt: Warren Weinstein, the American aid worker who was abducted in Pakistan last August, has made a plea for the Israeli Prime Minister to intervene in his case. According to Weinstein, the American authorities have shown "no interest" in his case, and he believes that Israeli influence may be more effective in securing his release. Weinstein was working as a contractor for the US Agency for International Development when he was abducted by gunmen from his home in Lahore, Pakistan on August 13, 2011. It is believed that he is being held by militants in the tribal regions along the Pakistan-Afghanistan border. In a video released by his captors in September, Weinstein appealed to President Obama to negotiate his release. However, Weinstein now believes that the American government is not doing enough to secure his release, and is looking for other countries to help. "I implore the Israeli Prime Minister to intervene on my behalf," Weinstein said in a statement released through his captors. "America has shown no interest in my case, and I fear for my life. I believe that Israel may have more influence in this region, and I am pleading for their help." The Israeli government has not yet responded to Weinstein's plea, but experts believe that they may be hesitant to get involved in a potential conflict with Islamic militants in the region. "Weinstein's abduction is a complex issue, and one that is not easily solved," said Dr. Haim Malka, a Middle East expert at the Center for Strategic and International Studies. "While Israel may have some influence in the region, they may also be hesitant to get involved in a potentially dangerous situation." Weinstein's family has been working tirelessly to secure his release, but they too have been met with resistance from the American government. According to a statement released by the family, the US government has "failed to provide any meaningful assistance" in securing Weinstein's release. "We are deeply concerned about Warren's safety, and we are doing everything in our power to secure his release," the statement said. "We urge the American government to take urgent action to bring Warren home." Weinstein's case has garnered international attention, and many are calling on the American government to do more to secure his release. According to Malka, the situation highlights the dangers that aid workers face in volatile regions like Pakistan. "Weinstein's case is a tragic reminder of the risks that aid workers face when they work in unstable regions," Malka said. "The American government must do more to protect its citizens overseas, and ensure that they are able to do their important work without fear of abduction or violence." Weinstein's plea for help from the Israeli government comes amid growing tensions between Israel and Iran over the Iranian nuclear program. While the two issues are not directly related, some experts believe that Weinstein's abduction may be used as a bargaining chip in negotiations between the two countries. "Weinstein's abduction has become a political issue, and one that may have wider implications for the region," Malka said. "It is a tragedy that an aid worker has become the center of a political power struggle, but unfortunately that is the reality of the situation."