article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 12:42 EST, 20 November 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 15:09 EST, 20 November 2012 . An agitated murder defendant poured a cup of water over his attorney’s head during trial just as jurors were getting ready to start their deliberations. Jerome Power, 50, of Cedar Rapids, Iowa, dumped the water on attorney Steve Addington, of Des Moines, catching Addington, jurors, and the judge off guard. Power, charged with first-degree murder, has been accused of strangling his 68-year-old neighbour, Doris Bevins, to death in her home on September 19, 2010. Pour lawyer: Defendant Jerome Power pours a glass of water over the head of his defense counsel Steve Addington as the jury leaves the courtroom following closing arguments in Powers' first degree murder trail . Police found Power hiding behind the entry door of Bevins’ house after responding to a 911 call from Bevins’ friend who was talking with her the phone when she was assaulted that night. ‘It should have been a mistrial,’ Power shouted after dumping the water on Addington, ‘You sold me out!’ Deputies in the courtroom quickly responded, but were too late to prevent Addington from getting wet, KCRG-TV9 in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, reports. The jury started their deliberations in Linn County District Court just after 12pm on Monday and were sent home at about 4.30pm. Accused of murder: Power's mugshot . They resumed deliberations at 8:30am on Tuesday. Power seemed ‘agitated and defiant’ while Linn County Attorney Jerry Vander Sanden gave his closing argument, according to KCRG-TV9. Vander Sanden said the act of killing Bevins was ‘premeditated, deliberate and wilful.’ Power ‘squeezed the life from her,’ he said. Power said nearly 100 times during police interrogations that the killer was a white man who had lived in the same apartment house as he and Bevins, Vander Sanden said. Vander Sanden said Power used pajama pants found at her apartment to strangle her and was likely there to commit a burglary or theft, but was interrupted when police showed up. Police found Bevins’ cellphone and charger in Power’s pocket. Power faces life in prison without parole if convicted.
highlights: Jerome Power, 50, of Cedar Rapids, Iowa, poured the water on attorney Steve Addington, of Des Moines during trial on Monday . Power is charged with first-degree murder for strangling his 68-year-old neighbour Doris Bevins . to death in her home September 19, 2010 . 'It should have been a mistrial,’ Power shouted after the dump, adding, ‘You sold me out!' Power faces life in prison without parole if convicted .
id: ef922fc0d510d84b8d6ab9500ca4f42541c5c0d2
chatgpt: In a shocking turn of events during the trial of Jerome Power, accused of first-degree murder, Power poured water over attorney Steve Addington in the middle of proceedings on Monday. Power, a 50-year-old Cedar Rapids resident, is on trial for the murder of his 68-year-old neighbor, Doris Bevins. She was strangled to death inside her home on September 19, 2010. If convicted, Power faces life in prison without the possibility of parole. The scene in court on Monday turned chaotic when Power poured a glass of water over attorney Steve Addington, who was questioning a witness at the time. Addington quickly left the room to dry off, but Power continued to shout, "It should have been a mistrial. You sold me out!" The judge called a recess and Power was removed from the courtroom. The trial resumed shortly thereafter, but the disruptive incident has raised concerns over the safety of those involved in high-profile cases. Many are speculating on what led Power to act out in such a manner, with some suggesting that he may have been trying to cause a mistrial in hopes of securing a better outcome. However, legal experts say that such actions seldom produce the desired outcome, and in many cases, can lead to further charges and penalties. The prosecution has presented damning evidence against Power, and it appears to be a strong case. However, the sudden outburst in court adds an unexpected twist to the proceedings. It remains to be seen how this will affect the ultimate verdict. According to reports, Power had a history of disputes with his neighbor, Bevins, prior to her murder. However, the motive for the crime is still unclear. The prosecution argues that Power strangled Bevins in a fit of rage after a heated argument. However, Power maintains his innocence and claims to have no involvement in the crime. The case is being closely followed by residents of Cedar Rapids and Des Moines, who are eager to see justice served. The incident in court has caused concern and raised questions about the safety of those involved in high-profile trials. However, it is hoped that justice will be served, and that the truth surrounding the murder of Doris Bevins will finally come to light.