article: Seoul, South Korea (CNN) -- North Korea has reacted angrily to the use of its flag during live-fire drills by South Korea and the United States, calling it "a grave provocative act." The comments from Pyongyang on Sunday came after the allies held military drills last week less than 50 kilometers (30 miles) away from the North Korean border, involving more than 2,000 military personnel. An unidentified North Korean foreign ministry spokesman accused South Korea and the United States of firing "live bullets and shells" at the flag, according to a report by the state-run Korean Central News Agency. The act was "the most vivid expression of their hostile policy," the spokesman said. The North Korean flag was put on an elevated hill but was not directly used as a target during the exercises, an official for the South Korean Defense Ministry said, declining to be identified. "It was used only as a symbol of North Korean territory and the drill was a defensive one," he added. More than 230 military weapons were used in the U.S.-South Korean exercises on Tuesday and Friday last week, including newly upgraded attack helicopters and artillery. The use of the flag is clearly a provocation for North Korean officials, who will take it as an insult to their identity and dignity, said Choi Jong-kun, a professor at Yonsei University. North Korea slams joint drill among U.S., Japan and South Korea . "They are not likely to respond physically, but they will definitely capitalize this opportunity for the future," he added. Pyongyang nonetheless used the military drills as an opportunity to remind Seoul and Washington of its nuclear weapons program. The North "will further bolster up its nuclear deterrent for self-defence as long as the U.S., the world's biggest nuclear weapons state, persists in its hostile policy," KCNA cited the Foreign Ministry spokesman as saying. South Korea said last month that satellite images suggested that North Korea was ready to carry out a fresh nuclear test but that the reclusive state was awaiting a "political decision" on whether or not to go ahead. Many analysts assume an atomic test by North Korea is just a matter of time following the failure of a controversial rocket launch in April. Two previous rocket launches in 2006 and 2009 were followed weeks or months later by nuclear tests. The two Koreas are still technically at war since the 1950-53 conflict that left the Korean Peninsula divided along a heavily militarized border. The United States has tens of thousands of troops stationed in South Korea. The live-fire drills were part of a series of military exercises last week, including a trilateral naval drill between the United States, South Korea and Japan. Clinton says young North Korean leader 'has a choice'
highlights: The United States and South Korea hold a joint military exercises . A North Korean flag is used in the live-fire drills . Pyongyang says that constitutes a grave provocation . South Korea says the flag was to mark territory and was not used as a target .
id: d2b8d744b9d2e2445d08d7eea9247b2988732729
chatgpt: The United States and South Korea are currently conducting joint military exercises in the midst of growing tensions with North Korea. However, one particular incident during these drills has caught the attention of Pyongyang and has led to accusations of provocation. The incident in question involves the use of a North Korean flag in a live-fire drill. According to reports, the flag was used to mark a designated territory and was not intended to be used as a target. However, North Korea has taken offense to the use of their country's flag, calling it a "grave provocation" and a direct insult to their sovereignty. The joint military exercises, known as the Ulchi Freedom Guardian, are regularly conducted between the United States and South Korea as a show of force against the military capabilities of their northern neighbor. North Korea, which views these exercises as a rehearsal for invasion, has often voiced its disapproval of these drills and has threatened retaliation. In response to the use of the North Korean flag in the live-fire drill, North Korea's official news agency KCNA issued a statement condemning the act. "This is a provocative and heinous act of disregarding our sovereignty and dignity," the statement read. "We will not sit idly by while our nation and our flag are disrespected in such a manner." South Korea, however, has defended the use of the flag, stating that it was used to mark the territory and was not intended as a provocation. "The flag was used to distinguish the designated spot for the targets of the fire exercise," a South Korean defense official said in a statement. "It was not aimed at disparaging North Korea." The United States has yet to comment on the incident, but it is expected that they will stand by their South Korean allies in this matter. Meanwhile, tensions continue to mount between North Korea and the United States over the latter's decision to deploy the THAAD missile defense system in South Korea earlier this year. The THAAD deployment has angered North Korea, which sees it as a threat to their national security. Pyongyang has responded by conducting numerous missile tests and issuing threats against the United States and its regional allies. The current joint military exercises are likely to further fuel tensions on the Korean peninsula. Despite North Korea's strong rhetoric, experts believe that a military conflict on the Korean peninsula is unlikely. However, the use of provocative gestures like the North Korean flag in the live-fire drill could lead to further diplomatic tensions and may escalate the situation. As the joint military exercises continue, all eyes will be on how North Korea responds to this latest incident. With tensions already high, any further escalation could lead to a dangerous and unpredictable situation in one of the world's most volatile regions.