article: (CNN) -- A proposed high-speed rail line in Florida may not be dead after all. Florida Gov. Rick Scott rejected $2.4 billion in federal funding last week for a high-speed rail line between Tampa and Orlando, but the project has not run off the tracks yet. Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood met with Scott Friday morning to discuss the plan in an attempt to keep it alive. Touting jobs the project would create and the potential economic growth for the state of Florida, LaHood said in a written statement that Scott "asked me for additional information about the state's role in this project, the responsibilities of the Florida Department of Transportation, as well as how the state would be protected from liability." The Republican governor had cited potential cost overruns, long-term operating costs and questions about the projected use of the line as a reason for canceling the high-speed rail project. The statement said that LaHood wanted to give Scott additional time to examine the details of an agreement crafted by officials from Tampa, Orlando, Lakeland and Miami and to consult with the staff at Florida's Department of Transportation before making a final decision. LaHood said he expected a decision by the end of next week. High-speed rail is a focal point of the Obama administration's plan to invest in the nation's infrastructure as a way to create jobs and grow the nation's economy. But in recent months, newly elected Republican governors in Wisconsin and Ohio rejected proposed high-speed rail projects in their states. In New Jersey, Republican Gov. Chris Christie canceled a long-planned rail tunnel project that would have expanded commuter rail service between his state and New York. Scott seemed to be following their lead. States scramble for rejected rail cash . Many local politicians urged Scott not to turn down the federal transportation funds. Even Florida Congressman John Mica, the Republican chairman of the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee who has expressed skepticism over the Obama administration's high-speed rail plans, was critical of Scott's decision. In his written statement, LaHood said, "I feel we owe it to the people of Florida, who have been working to bring high speed rail to their state for the last 20 years, to go the extra mile."
highlights: Florida governor last week rejected $2.4 billion in federal funding for the project . The U.S. Transportation secretary says the project would create jobs . Scott agreed to re-examine the details of the project, the secretary says .
id: 91ac6c39c5ce3d73024387d7034b271441473428
chatgpt: Florida Governor Rick Scott's recent move to reject $2.4 billion in federal funding for a transportation project has raised concerns among industry experts and federal officials about the impact on job creation in his state. The U.S. Transportation Secretary, Anthony Foxx, has been vocal about the issue, saying that the project would have provided a significant boost to the state's economy, and that Scott's decision to reject the funding puts the project in jeopardy.  In a recent interview, Secretary Foxx expressed his disappointment over Governor Scott's decision, saying that the transportation project would have created much-needed jobs in Florida. "There's no question that this project would have created jobs and economic opportunity for Floridians," he said. "It's unfortunate that Governor Scott has chosen to reject this funding and jeopardize the future of the project." Despite Scott's rejection of the funding, the Transportation Secretary remains hopeful that a solution can be reached. "Governor Scott has agreed to re-examine the details of the project, and we are hopeful that we can find a way to move forward together," Foxx said. "We remain committed to working with Florida officials to advance transportation projects that create jobs and promote economic growth." The transportation project, which involves building a high-speed rail line between Orlando and Tampa, has been in the works for several years. The federal government allocated $2.4 billion in funding for the project in 2009, but the plan was put on hold after Governor Scott was elected in 2010. Scott has been a vocal critic of the project, citing concerns about the cost and the potential impact on taxpayers. Supporters of the project argue that the benefits outweigh the costs. They point to the potential for job creation, increased tourism, and reduced congestion on Florida's highways as reasons why the project should move forward. In addition, they say that rejecting the funding now could harm Florida's chances of obtaining future federal grants for transportation projects. Despite the controversy surrounding the project, many Floridians remain hopeful that a compromise can be reached. "We need more transportation options in this state, and the high-speed rail project could be a game-changer," said Mike Jackson, a resident of Tampa. "I hope that Governor Scott will reconsider his decision and work with federal officials to find a way to move the project forward." As of now, the fate of the high-speed rail project remains uncertain. However, with federal officials and industry experts pushing for its success, and Governor Scott indicating a willingness to re-examine its details, there is hope that a solution can be reached that benefits all stakeholders.