article: A day after men armed with long knives stormed a railway station in the southwest Chinese city of Kunming, killing dozens of people and wounding more than 100, authorities described what happened as a premeditated terrorist attack. Police shot dead at least four of the attackers -- who numbered more than 10 -- and were looking for the others, officials told the state-run Xinhua News Agency. Premier Li Keqiang asked that security in public places be tightened. But for Chen Guizhen, that request came too late. The 50-year-old woman told Xinhua at the hospital that her husband, Xiong Wenguang, 59, was killed in the attack. "Why are the terrorists so cruel?" asked Chen, her husband's bloody ID card shaking in her hands. The attackers gave no warning. Liu Chen, a 19-year-old student from Wuhan, capital of central China's Hubei Province, was at the station to buy tickets when the attack began. "At first I thought it was just someone fighting, but then I saw blood and heard people scream, and I just ran," she said. Lu Haiyan said the slaughter began while she and a friend were standing in the ticket hall of the train station. "Suddenly, many people started running around crazily," she said on Tencent Weibo, a Chinese equivalent of Twitter. "We saw two people carrying big cleavers hacking whoever is in the way. They almost got to my back. Then I lost contact with (my friend) and I saw blood splashing in front of me." As is common in the aftermath of attacks, the casualty figures were in flux: in the same story, Xinhua reported that at least 28 civilians had been killed and 113 wounded and that 29 were confirmed dead and more than 130 wounded. Members of a separatist group from Xinjiang, in northwest China, are believed to have carried out the assault, authorities said. The report referred to them as terrorists. Police said that, in addition to killing at least four attackers, they had shot and wounded a female suspect. Train departures were not affected, Xinhua reported, citing the railway bureau. In the aftermath, postings on Sina Weibo, another Twitter-like social medium, showed local police patrolling the station, where bodies lay on the ground in blood. Chinese state TV showed investigators placing a knife -- its blade at least 2 feet long -- into an evidence bag. Mass knife attacks are not unprecedented in China. Some occurred in 2010 and 2012, but the attacks happened at schools and didn't appear to have political connections. Chinese President Xi Jinping urged law enforcement "to investigate and solve the case and punish the terrorists in accordance with the law," according to Xinhua. Kunming's railway station is one of the largest in southwest China. Two weeks ago, 11 "terrorists" died in the Xinjiang region, Xinhua reported. Frequent outbreaks of violence have beset Xinjiang, a resource-rich area where the arrival of waves of Han Chinese people over the decades has fueled tensions with the Uyghurs, a Turkic-speaking, predominantly Muslim ethnic group.
highlights: "We saw two people carrying big cleavers hacking whoever is in the way," witness says . Police say separatist group from northwest China to blame . Four suspects reported killed; other attackers still being sought . Train departures are not affected .
id: e0de25f81cb0ae6e4b848432ce2c52bf0ef9a363
chatgpt: Four suspects have been reported killed in an attack at a train station in China, which police say was carried out by a separatist group from the northwest region of the country. Eyewitnesses described the attackers as carrying large cleavers and hacking "whoever is in the way". The attack took place at the Kunming Railway Station in southwestern China on Saturday evening. Officials say at least 29 people were killed and more than 130 injured in the attack, which saw a group of assailants target people in the station's main square and ticket hall. According to state media reports, police arrived at the scene within minutes of the attack and fatally shot four of the attackers in a confrontation. The remaining attackers fled the scene and are still being sought by police. The Chinese authorities have blamed the attack on a separatist group from China's Muslim Uighur minority, which is based in Xinjiang, a region in the country's northwest. The group, which calls itself the East Turkestan Islamic Movement (ETIM), is listed as a terrorist organisation by China, the United States and the United Nations. "The evidence at the crime scene shows that the Kunming railway station terrorist attack was carried out by Xinjiang separatist forces," said a statement from China's Ministry of Public Security, adding that the attack was "an organized, premeditated violent terrorist attack targeting innocent people". Saturday's attack is one of the deadliest in China in recent years and has raised fears of an increase in violence by separatist groups in the country. The Chinese authorities have vowed to crack down on such groups, following a series of violent attacks in Xinjiang and other areas of the country in recent months. Despite the attack, train departures from Kunming Railway Station are said to be continuing as normal, with authorities urging people to remain calm and vigilant. Security has been tightened at the station, with armed police and soldiers patrolling the area. "We will resolutely strike against all forms of terrorism and safeguard the safety of the people of the country," said the Ministry of Public Security in its statement. Meanwhile, in a statement posted on its website, ETIM denied any involvement in the attack and accused the Chinese authorities of "spreading rumours". The group has previously been blamed for a number of violent incidents in China, including bombings and knife attacks. The attack has prompted condemnation from world leaders, with UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon expressing his "deep condolences to the families of the victims and to the Chinese Government and people" and calling for those responsible to be brought to justice. US Secretary of State John Kerry also condemned the attack, saying: "The United States strongly condemns the horrific terrorist attack at the Kunming Railway Station in China. Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families. We stand firmly with the Chinese Government and people as they confront this scourge and work to bring those responsible to justice." The attack at the Kunming Railway Station is the latest in a series of violent incidents in China in recent years, which have been attributed to separatist groups, religious extremism and ethnic tensions. The Chinese authorities have vowed to clamp down on such incidents and maintain social stability in the country.