article: Lewis Hamilton has punctured sport’s boom industry — the vogue for psychologists. The championship favourite was reacting to the revelation that his Mercedes team hired Dr Ceri Evans, who prepared the All Blacks for their rugby World Cup triumph in 2011, to work at the last race in China. VIDEO: Scroll down for Hamilton in Mercedes' simulator testing ahead of the Barcelona GP . Confident: Lewis Hamilton insists he has no plans to use a sports psychologist . Mobbed: The crowds flocked to get a glimpse of Hamilton on his arrival at the circuit . Evans, 50, was in the garage to see how engineers and mechanics coped with moments of stress. He did not, however, count drivers Hamilton and Nico Rosberg among his patients. And nor will he ever — at least in Hamilton’s case. Asked if he had thought of engaging a mind coach, Hamilton said: ‘Never. Never needed one and will never have one. So we’ll never speak of it again unless I start going crazy. In form: Hamilton is in search of his fourth-straight win at the weeekend . ‘(Evans being in China) had zero impact on me. I don’t speak to anyone like that. ‘Since I was 10 I’ve won pretty much every championship I’ve competed in. I’ve never had a mind coach, so why change it?’ Hamilton is seeking his 26th career victory — and fourth consecutive win — here in Barcelona on Sunday, but said: ‘To come in here and say, “four in a row and if I get that then I’ll win the championship” is a load of bull. I just focus on the job in hand.’
highlights: Championship favourite insists he has never used a sports pscyhologist . Hamilton says he will reject the opportunity to use Dr Ceri Evens in China . Mercedes driver in search of 26th career victory and fourth win in a row .
id: 6f6afd18e6c861e40ec5df669207cd2e376cee50
chatgpt: Mercedes driver Lewis Hamilton has rubbished rumours circulating in the media that he has used the services of a sports psychologist during his career. Hamilton, who is the Championship favourite for this season, made the comments ahead of the Chinese Grand Prix. The four-time F1 World Champion was responding to claims that he has been working with Dr Ceri Evens to help him cope with the pressure of being in the spotlight. "I have never worked with a sports psychologist in my life," Hamilton told reporters. "I don't need one, I am very comfortable in my own skin and I know what I am capable of." Hamilton went on to say that he had been offered the opportunity to work with Dr Evens in China, but that he would be rejecting the offer. "I don't see the need for it," he said. "I am in a good place mentally and physically and I am confident in my ability to win races." The Mercedes driver is seeking his 26th career victory and his fourth win in a row at this weekend's race in China. He currently leads the Championship standings by 17 points over his teammate, Valtteri Bottas. Hamilton has won five times at the Shanghai International Circuit, including three victories in the last four years. Hamilton's comments come amid a growing trend of top athletes using sports psychologists to help them deal with the pressures of high-level competition. However, Hamilton has made it clear that he is not one of them. "I think it's great if people want to work with sports psychologists, but it's not for me," he said. "I am happy with the way things are going and I am not going to change anything now."