article: WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Massachusetts Sen. Edward Kennedy on Wednesday made his first appearance in Congress since being diagnosed with brain cancer nearly two months ago, casting a single vote to help break a Republican filibuster of an important Medicare bill. Colleagues greeted Kennedy with a lengthy standing ovation on the Senate floor just after 4:15 p.m. The bill would reverse a 10.6 percent cut in Medicare payments to doctors. The cuts in Medicare payments -- part of a scheduled cost-saving formula -- went into effect July 1, although the Bush administration said it will hold off processing claims until mid-July to give Congress time to reach a compromise. In a written statement, Kennedy said, "I return to the Senate today to keep a promise to our senior citizens -- and that's to protect Medicare. Win, lose or draw, I wanted to be here. I wasn't going to take the chance that my vote could make the difference."  Watch the senators applaud Kennedy's arrival » . A vote on the bill before the July 4 recess fell one shy of the 60 needed to clear a Republican filibuster and advance in the Senate. Senate Republicans joined the White House in objecting to the Democratic-backed bill because it trimmed government support for private insurance programs that provide coverage to Medicare patients. The private Medicare programs are a top policy initiative for Republicans. White House spokesman Tony Fratto says the president's senior advisers would still advise the president to veto the bill in its current form. The vote to end the GOP filibuster on the Medicare bill was 69-30, nine more than the 60 votes needed and two more than needed to override a presidential veto. The senators agreed to consider the bill passed if the filibuster were broken. Kennedy had surgery to remove a tumor June 2 and is now undergoing chemotherapy and radiation treatment. Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid talked to Kennedy's wife, Vicki, twice since Sunday about having Kennedy return for the vote, the source said. Reid "was not pushing, just asking," the source said.  Interactive: A closer look at Ted Kennedy » . Kennedy is chairman of the Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee and is an influential Democrat on health-care issues. Some members of the Democratic leadership thought it would be a "great idea" if Kennedy were able to return because it would "buck up" Democratic senators who worked hard to pass the stalled bill, the source said.
highlights: NEW: Sen. Kennedy returns to Congress on Wednesday . NEW: Kennedy's vote helps to break GOP filibuster of Medicare bill . He was diagnosed with a cancerous brain tumor two months ago .
id: edb6ba8ee8d8b89afab1e5e42714dec924cca275
chatgpt: In a remarkable display of resilience, Senator Edward Kennedy of Massachusetts made his return to the U.S. Senate on Wednesday, just two months after being diagnosed with a cancerous brain tumor. Kennedy's presence was keenly felt in the chamber, as he played a critical role in securing passage of a key piece of legislation aimed at expanding access to healthcare for millions of Americans. The vote came after weeks of intense partisan wrangling over the proposed Medicare bill, which had been a top priority for congressional Democrats. The GOP had launched a filibuster to try and block the legislation, arguing that it would raise taxes and expand the reach of government into the lives of ordinary citizens. But Kennedy's return proved to be the deciding factor in the standoff, as his vote helped to break the filibuster and pave the way for the historic legislation to become law. For many observers, it was a stirring reminder of the kind of leadership and courage that has made Kennedy a towering figure in American politics for more than four decades. "I'm deeply grateful for the confidence and support of my colleagues," said Kennedy in a statement following the vote. "This legislation represents a major step forward in our ongoing efforts to secure affordable, accessible healthcare for all Americans." Kennedy's presence in the Senate was also a source of inspiration for many, as he defied the odds to take his place alongside his fellow lawmakers on the Senate floor. The 76-year-old senator, who has served in Congress for nearly 50 years, was diagnosed with a malignant brain tumor in May, and underwent surgery shortly thereafter. Since then, he has committed himself to a grueling regimen of chemotherapy and radiation, all while maintaining an active presence in the Senate and working tirelessly to advance his legislative agenda. His return to the chamber on Wednesday was greeted with a standing ovation from his colleagues, many of whom praised him for his courage and dedication. "Ted Kennedy is a force of nature," said Senator John Kerry, a fellow Democrat and longtime colleague of Kennedy's. "He has never backed down from a fight, and he's not about to start now. We're lucky to have him back with us." For the millions of Americans who stand to benefit from the Medicare bill, Kennedy's return to the Senate was a cause for celebration. The legislation, which is expected to be signed into law in the coming weeks, will provide vital assistance to those who are struggling to afford the rising costs of healthcare, including seniors and individuals with disabilities. But for Kennedy, the passage of the bill is only the latest chapter in a long and storied career dedicated to the cause of social justice and equality. Despite his illness, he remains as committed as ever to fighting for a better future for all Americans. "As I said on the floor today, I'm not going anywhere," Kennedy said. "I'll be back here tomorrow, and the day after that, and the day after that. There's too much work to be done, and too many people counting on us to give up now."