article: Asuogyaman, Ghana (CNN) -- Patricia Mawuli grew up in a mud shack in Ghana's bush country. As a young girl, she would wistfully watch the planes pass overhead, wishing one day to fly one herself. In 2007, at the age of 21, she decided to break into the boy's club that is Ghana's flight industry. She walked to Kpong Airfield and asked for job. "I (told) her no, we don't employ women," recalls Jonathan Porter, the airfield's technical director. "The whole concept of employing women in an environment where you're clearing trees and building airplanes didn't seem to me, in my experience, to fit in with the African context," he admits. Mawuli was persistent, however, and when she offered her services for free, he couldn't resist giving her a trial. He gave her a machete and told her to clear tree trunks. To his surprise, she flourished. "She used her head, not just her muscles," he recalls. "She thought about how she did things and took out the trees better than the men." Not only did Porter give her the job, he taught her how to fly, and in 2009 she became the country's first female civilian pilot (as well as the first woman in West Africa certified to build and maintain Rotax engines). "I said: 'I will do whatever it takes, I'll work hard, you don't have to pay me.' They told me: 'Don't worry. You are so different. You've got energy, you have potential. We will do whatever it takes.' This is when my whole flying career just started to boom," recalls Mawuli. Since then, Mawuli has been offered jobs from all over the world, but she's decided to stay put and help grow a generation of female pilots in Ghana. With Porter, she has launched an academy called AV-Tech, which aims to provide young Ghanaian girls with the skills, training and inspiration they need to make it on their own as pilots. "There are a lot of young people (who), when they see me, (are given) hope. It motivates them to learn harder because they believe women actually have something ahead of them," she says. Some, like Catherine Shelton, have come from as far afield as the United States to learn from Mawuli. "She's a very good instructor," says Shelton. "She's taught me general airfield operations -- safety, security -- (and) a lot culturally. She's taught me the difference in the aviation industry here versus the U.S. versus Europe. "And she keeps me smiling."
highlights: Patricia Mawuli is Ghana's first female civilian pilot . She is also the first woman in West Africa certified to build and maintain Rotax engines . Mawuli grew up in a mud shack in the bush, and was denied a position when she first applied . She now also teaches flying to young girls in Ghana .
id: bc26281f934e098681837fa4cb997420d1abefba
chatgpt: Patricia Mawuli has become Ghana's first female civilian pilot, breaking down barriers and paving the way for women in the aviation industry in West Africa. Not only is she an accomplished pilot, but Mawuli is also the first woman in the region to be certified to build and maintain Rotax engines.  Mawuli's journey to the skies was not an easy one. Born and raised in a mud shack in the bush, she was determined to make something of herself. However, when she applied for a position as a flight attendant, she was denied the job because she did not meet the height requirements. But Mawuli's passion for aviation refused to be dampened.  Undeterred, Mawuli began to teach herself to fly by reading aviation books and watching instructional videos online. Eventually, her dedication paid off, and she was able to secure a scholarship to attend aviation school in South Africa. She excelled in her studies and went on to earn her pilot's license. Since then, Mawuli has made history by becoming the first woman in Ghana to receive a commercial pilot's license. She has flown for top airlines in the country and is highly respected for her skill and expertise.  But Mawuli isn't content to rest on her laurels. She is also passionate about encouraging young girls in Ghana to pursue careers in aviation. Through a program she founded called the "Fly like a Girl" project, she teaches young girls about navigation, aerodynamics, and other aspects of aviation.  Mawuli hopes that by sharing her story and providing opportunities for girls to explore aviation, she can help break down the gender stereotypes that exist in the industry. "I want girls to know that if you have a passion for something, you can achieve it," she says. "It doesn't matter if you come from a humble background or if someone tells you that you can't do it. If you work hard and stay focused, you can achieve your dreams." Mawuli's impact is being felt beyond Ghana as well. Her story has inspired women across the African continent to pursue careers in aviation. She is a shining example of what is possible when someone refuses to accept limitations and works tirelessly to achieve their goals.  As Patricia Mawuli continues to inspire young girls and break down barriers, she is leaving a lasting legacy in West Africa's aviation industry. Her determination and passion have helped open doors for women in a traditionally male-dominated field and she is a true trailblazer in every sense of the word.