article: (CNN) -- Someone went into a large roost of blackbirds in Beebe, Arkansas, as the clock struck midnight Saturday and set off fireworks, contributing to the deaths of scores of blackbirds, a state wildlife spokeswoman said. Last New Year's Eve, roughly 5,000 birds were found dead in a square-mile area in Beebe, a central Arkansas town about 35 miles northeast of Little Rock through which birds migrate and that is home to a large roost for the birds. Fireworks last year caused otherwise healthy birds to become disoriented and "fly all over the place" into stationary objects, such as trees and buildings, Arkansas Game and Fish Commission spokeswoman Ginny Porter said. Those birds' deaths were likely "not intentional," Porter added. But questions remain about the intention of the person or persons who set off fireworks that killed about 200 blackbirds this weekend. In light of the fatalities one year earlier, a state wildlife officer and Beebe police officers were patrolling the area mindful of the dangers that fireworks posed to the blackbirds, the wildlife spokesman noted. Even so, 50 birds died when fireworks went off around 7 p.m. Saturday, said Porter, who added, "We don't know where or who shot them (fireworks)." The majority of the blackbird deaths occurred five hours later at midnight, in a bunch of trees, or roost, in a residential area. "Someone went into the roost and set off fireworks," the spokeswoman said. " We didn't catch them, we don't know who." Blackbirds have poor night vision and do not typically fly at night, according to the game commission. Robbie Stroud, a resident of Beebe, told CNN affiliate KARK that the latest deaths of birds were disarming, but not as jarring as what happened 12 months ago. "It was pretty wild," Stroud recalled of the scene last January 1. "We got out and backed out of the driveway, and it was freaky, man. There were dead birds lying everywhere." CNN's Maggie Schneider and Kara Devlin contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: A Beebe resident recalls last year as "freaky," with "dead birds lying everywhere" About 200 blackbirds die this year in the city after two spurts of fireworks, an official says . "Someone went into the roost and set off fireworks," she adds . About 5,000 birds were found dead in the Arkansas city last New Year's Eve .
id: eae0281cd08ca2dc770d9d7de019cd1bbf9d8f64
chatgpt: Residents in Beebe, Arkansas, are once again dealing with a mass bird death event, which local officials are attributing to fireworks. About 200 blackbirds were discovered dead in the city in early July after two separate incidents of fireworks being set off near the birds' roost. According to an official, "someone went into the roost and set off fireworks."  This is not the first time Beebe residents have experienced such an event. Last New Year's Eve, around 5,000 blackbirds were found dead in the city, also attributed to fireworks. One resident recalls the scene as "freaky," with "dead birds lying everywhere."  While fireworks celebrations are common in many cities, this tragic event highlights the potential consequences for local wildlife. Officials are urging residents to be mindful of their actions and to avoid setting off fireworks near roosting birds.  The issue of mass bird deaths is not limited to Beebe. In recent years, similar events have been reported in other parts of the world, such as Australia and Europe. While the exact cause of these events is often unknown, some researchers speculate that it may be a combination of factors, including extreme weather conditions, disease, and human activity.  Efforts are underway to monitor and study these events in order to better understand their causes and potentially prevent future occurrences. In the meantime, residents of Beebe are left to mourn the loss of yet another group of birds, and to reflect on the role they may have played in their deaths.  It is clear that more needs to be done to prevent these tragic events from happening in the future. Education and awareness campaigns, as well as stricter enforcement of regulations around fireworks, may be necessary to protect both wildlife and public safety. Until then, residents of Beebe and other communities will have to remain vigilant and do their part to ensure that birds and other wildlife are able to thrive in their natural habitats.