article: Sir Bradley Wiggins lines up for the start of the Tour of Britain in Liverpool on Sunday, bidding to defend the title he won 12 months ago in a race which has been more competitive each year. Team Sky's Wiggins has the opportunity to show himself on home roads after missing out on selection for a Tour de France which began in Yorkshire, although his priorities are gradually shifting to the track ahead of the Rio de Janeiro Olympic Games in 2016. If Wiggins, the 2012 Tour de France winner, can stay in contention over The Tumble on Tuesday's third stage, the lumpy fifth Devon stage and the penultimate day's route to Brighton, which includes the brutal ascent of Ditchling Beacon, the gold jersey could be his once more. Aiming for gold: Sir Bradley Wiggins is aiming to retain his Tour of Britain title . The split final day's first test - an 8.8-kilometre time-trial in London - is not entirely to Wiggins' strengths, but he is a fine exponent against the clock and could gain time. Other contenders include the Wirral's Steve Cummings (BMC Racing), Essex's Alex Dowsett (Movistar), the Commonwealth Games time-trial champion, Irishman Nicolas Roche (Tinkoff-Saxo), Dutchman Lars Boom (Belkin)and New Zealander Jack Bauer (Garmin-Sharp) in a race which offers few opportunities for the sprinters. Mark Cavendish (Omega Pharma-QuickStep), who is still recovering following his Tour de France-ending crash in Harrogate, will go head to head with rival Marcel Kittel (Giant-Shimano) in Liverpool and London, on September 14, in the circuit races which bookend the 1376.7km, eight-day race. "Realistically you have to say that I am not in my best condition after the last few months I've had," Cavendish said on tourofbritain.co.uk after requiring shoulder surgery following his crash in Yorkshire. "I'm racing this week because this is my national Tour, Britain's big race, and I always want to support it when I can. Bouncing back: Mark Cavendish has a point to prove after crashing out of the Tour de France . "It's always a treat racing on home soil in front of big British crowds. I'm just going to enjoy myself and see what the week brings." The Manxman is a prolific winner but will end 2014 without a Grand Tour stage success for the first time since his first year as a professional in 2007. Just as it is difficult to predict his own prospects, Cavendish knows the race is wide open and tough to call. "It's a really strong field at the Tour of Britain this year, the best ever," he said. "It's going to make for really intense racing but I don't think it will change the nature of the race. "Looking at the route it seems to be bookended by the two sure-fire sprints but after that almost anything can happen and that keeps a lot of riders interested. "A lot of scenarios are possible."
highlights: Wiggins won the title last year and is keen to defend it . Switzerland's Martin Elmiger came second with Brit Simon Yates third . Mark Cavendish, recovering from the clash which ended his Tour de France, comes up against rival Marcel Kittel in the circuit races . Contenders include Jack Bauer, Steve Cummings and Lars Boom . Tour of Britain lasts eight days, taking in Liverpool, Worcester, Bristol, Exmouth, Exeter, Bath and Brighton among other cities .
id: 00ce320509cc5f1ccb5128dbab0f9b0c463bc42b
chatgpt: The excitement is palpable as the Tour of Britain kicks off, with cycling enthusiasts eagerly anticipating the event. The competition will take place over eight days, spanning a number of cities including Liverpool, Worcester, Bristol, Exmouth, Exeter, Bath, and Brighton. With a number of contenders vying for the coveted title, the competition is set to be intense and grueling. One of the most hotly tipped contenders this year is Wiggins, who is determined to defend his title after winning last year’s competition. His skill and experience have made him a favorite among commentators, who are eager to see him dominate the competition once again. However, Wiggins faces stiff competition from a number of other contenders, including Switzerland's Martin Elmiger and Brit Simon Yates. These skilled cyclists have displayed impressive form in the past, and many believe they could cause an upset in this year’s competition. One rider who is sure to attract a lot of attention is Mark Cavendish. Still recovering from the injuries that ended his Tour de France, the British cyclist will face off against his long-time rival Marcel Kittel in the circuit races. This is sure to be an intensely thrilling battle that is not to be missed. Other notable contenders include Jack Bauer, Steve Cummings, and Lars Boom. These six riders will be competing against each other in a number of grueling stages, which will test their endurance, strength, and strategic thinking to the limit. Despite the grueling nature of the Tour of Britain, the participating cyclists are sure to be inspired by the stunning scenery they will encounter during the competition. From rugged hills to breathtaking coastal views, the event promises to be a feast for the senses. Overall, the Tour of Britain promises to be an unmissable event for cycling fans nationwide. With some of the world's top riders competing against each other in a series of challenging stages, the competition is sure to be fiercely contested. As the event progresses, fans will be anxiously waiting to find out who will claim the prestigious title of Tour of Britain champion.