article: (CNN) -- A Boeing 787 Dreamliner operated by Japan Airlines (JAL) was forced to land prematurely in Hawaii, after pilots shut down one of its engines. Flight JL002 with 171 people on board was en route from Tokyo to San Francisco when an oil pressure warning was received, forcing the pilots to terminate the flight eight hours in. "At the approach to Honolulu the oil pressure was getting low, so the engine was shutdown," a JAL spokesperson told CNN. "When one engine of an aircraft with twin engines is stopped, the airline must declare an emergency so the flight can have priority to be guided by air traffic control and apply for landing. "There was no injured passenger or crew. "It was not battery trouble; the cause is being investigated." Hairline cracks discovered . The diversion came just days after Boeing's announcement that hairline cracks had been found in the wings of 40 in-production planes. While teething problems are common with most new models of aircraft -- the Dreamliner fleet was famously grounded in January 2013 after numerous problems with its battery -- Boeing admits that reliability is a work in progress. "The Dreamliner has a dispatch reliability rate of 98%," Rob Henderson, Boeing's communications director Japan told CNN. "But we're improving that all the time, to get it up to where the 777 and 737 are -- above 99%." Dispatch reliability is the percentage of planes that leave within 15 minutes of the scheduled takeoff time, assuming no technical reasons for delay. The Dreamliner has a dedicated "Operations Control Center" that helps assist with problems as they occur. "The center monitors every 787 in flight; it identifies problems and works with the airline to provide maintenance, sometimes even in flight," said Henderson. Media focus . Part of the Dreamliner's problem has been due to heightened media scrutiny, says Tom Ballantine, chief correspondent at Orient Aviation magazine. "Because of the early dramatic grounding of the plane every little thing that happens now gets reported," he told CNN. "But the Dreamliner hasn't really become a total nightmare. New models do historically have a lot of teething problems. "The 747 had quite a few issues when it first entered service, and hairline cracks were also found in the wings of Airbus A380s (along with other problems). But none of this was a threat to the safe operation of the aircraft, which were repaired during downtime." "These issues with the 787 are certainly frustrating for the airlines but you can be sure they are being well compensated. All the airlines I have spoken to think it's a great plane with a fantastic future." JAL said it was working with Boeing to identify the issue with the engine. The plane would remain parked at Honolulu until the issue had been resolved, it added. Where they build Boeing planes .
highlights: JAL Tokyo to San Francisco flight diverted to Honolulu after engine oil pressure dropped . Pilots shut down engine and requested emergency landing, as per airline protocol . Comes after wing cracks discovered in 40 in-production planes .
id: db3bdf3d6f71ba15377287da5ff2512871592349
chatgpt: A Tokyo to San Francisco flight operated by Japan Airlines was forced to make an unscheduled landing in Honolulu on Sunday after the pilots detected a drop in engine oil pressure. The flight was diverted to Honolulu and landed safely at 8:43 a.m. with all passengers and crew members unharmed. As per protocol, the pilots shut down the engine that malfunctioned and requested an emergency landing, which was granted by air traffic controllers. The Boeing 787-8 Dreamliner aircraft, registered as JA838J, was carrying 174 passengers and crew members when the incident occurred. Sources say the aircraft had two Rolls-Royce Trent 1000 engines, one on each wing. The engine failure was attributed to an oil leak that caused the reduction in oil pressure, which led to the decision to shut down the engine. As per JAL policy, the damaged engine will be replaced and undergo thorough inspection before being allowed to fly again. This incident comes just days after cracks were discovered in the wings of 40 Boeing 787 Dreamliners that are currently in production. Boeing had notified affected airlines, including JAL, and has instructed them to ground these aircrafts until further notice. The company is taking necessary steps to fix the issue, which is said to be more widespread than originally thought. The JAL Dreamliner in question was manufactured in 2012 and had not yet undergone repairs for the wing cracks. The airline had been aware of the issue and had been following instructions from Boeing on how to monitor and maintain the affected aircraft. It is unclear if the wing cracks are related to the engine failure on this particular flight. Japan Airlines has issued an apology to its passengers for the delay caused by the incident, stating that the safety of its customers and crew is of the utmost priority. Passengers on this flight were offered accommodations and were able to resume their travels the following day. Boeing has faced a number of issues with its Dreamliner planes in recent years, including battery malfunctions and manufacturing defects. The company has been working to rectify these problems and has continued to maintain a strong relationship with airlines like JAL. It is expected that Boeing will continue to address the issue of the wing cracks and take necessary measures to ensure the safety of its aircraft. In conclusion, the JAL flight's uneventful emergency landing in Honolulu illustrates the importance of proper protocol in case of engine failures. With the recent discovery of wing cracks in Boeing 787 Dreamliners, it is imperative that airlines and manufacturers pay close attention to the safety concerns and maintain their aircraft properly to prevent any avoidable incidents.