article: Martin Odegaard admitted joining up with the Norwegian squad at the tender age of 15 was ‘surreal’. The teenager will become his country’s youngest-ever international when he faces the United Arab Emirates in Stavanger on Wednesday. And he said he was surprised to be called up so early in his career. VIDEO Scroll down to watch 15 Year old Norwegian wonder kid Martin Odegaard highlights . Getting to know you: Odegaard is training with the Norway first team to become acquainted with the squad . Impressed: Norway coach Per-Mathias Hogmo says Odegaard will be given his first cap against UAE . ‘This is very big,’ he said. ‘I hope I can show off a lot of the same things I have been show ing. ‘I had not really expected this. I have no rush to play in the senior team.’ Norway boss Per-Mathias Hogmo confirmed Odegaard will win his first cap in the friendly. ‘I said before the season start that Martin could stand for this year’s breakthrough, so this does not surprise me,’ he said. ‘The fact that he is at this level is very special. Wanted: The 15-year-old, who will become Norway's youngest ever player, is attracting interest from big clubs . Staying put: Odegaard has signed a two-year contract with Stromsgodset and will remain in Norway for now . ‘Through his achievements, he has shown his qualities. Now we get to know him and see his performance on the pitch. ‘Martin is here for us to become better acquainted with him, and thus prepare for the national team in the future.’ Odegaard has already represented Norway’s Under 17 side, including appearances against the United States, France and Scotland. He signed a professional contract with Stromsgodset in May to keep him at the club for until 2015, but the two-time Norwegian champions will be bracing themselves for a bombardment of interest. Odegaard is a Liverpool fan, but has been courted by fellow European giants Bayern Munich and Manchester United. He trained with Bundesliga side Stuttgart, and is reported to have visited Manchester City last year. Surreal: The young star was talking to the nations press on Tuesday ahead of his international debut .
highlights: Martin Odegaard will win his first cap against UAE on Wednesday . 15-year-old has already played for Under 17 national team . Starlet signed a two-year deal with Stromsgodset but several big European clubs are interested . Norway manager Per-Mathias Hogmo says he called Odegaard up so he can become acquainted with the squad .
id: 8bd7a5d73f97b5c03153cfff0ff925292f92a7cf
chatgpt: Norwegian footballer Martin Odegaard is set to make his debut for the senior national team against the United Arab Emirates (UAE) on Wednesday. The 15-year-old has already played for Norway's Under 17 team and has been the center of attention for several big European clubs. Despite his young age, Odegaard has already made a name for himself in Norwegian football. In early 2014, he signed a two-year deal with Stromsgodset and rose to prominence during the 2014 season, becoming the youngest player to feature in the Tippeligaen, Norway's top division. Odegaard's impressive performances caught the attention of several big European clubs, with reports suggesting that Manchester United, Liverpool and Bayern Munich are all monitoring the youngster's progress. Speaking ahead of the UAE match, Norway manager Per-Mathias Hogmo admitted that the call up was a chance for Odegaard to become acquainted with the senior squad. "It is great that Martin can train with us, and we will give him the opportunity to get to know the senior players and the coaching staff," he said. Despite the hype surrounding the midfielder, Hogmo was adamant that he will not rush Odegaard's development. "We have to be careful, he is only 15 years old, and we don't want to put too much pressure on him. We have to develop him at the right pace," the manager stated. Odegaard's inclusion in the senior squad has been met with mixed reactions in Norway, with some saying that it is too soon for him to be playing at this level. However, the youngster himself is excited to be given the opportunity to represent his country at such a young age. "I am thrilled to be part of the squad, and I am looking forward to playing my first game for the senior team. It is a dream come true for me," said Odegaard. The youngster will be hoping to make an impact against UAE and show why he is considered to be one of the most promising young players in world football.