article: By . Aap . and Ryan Lipman . Sam Newman can expect a fresh wave of criticism after flashing his genitals to a national television audience on Thursday night. No stranger to controversy, the Geelong forward-turned-TV-celebrity has previously attracted attention for views seen as racist and sexist. However on Thursday night, Newman gave viewers an entirely different view. Scroll down for video . Sam Newman exposed himself live on AFL Footy Show on Thursday night . Outraged: Viewers took to Twitter to express their anger at the incident . Many viewers said they did not believe it was acceptable behaviour for TV . Majority of people tweeting about Newman exposing himself found it offensive . 2014 - Newman accused of homophobia when he calls gay NFL draftee Michael Sam kissing his boyfriend an 'annoyingly gratuitous act'2010 - Newman hits a golf ball off Uluru and is criticised for disrespecting traditional owners2009 - Newman suggests a Malaysian man is 'not long out of the forest'. The media watchdog rules Newman was likely to have provoked severe ridicule on the basis of the man's colour and race2008 - Newman attempts to mock Fairfax journalist Caroline Wilson, putting a photo of her face to a lingerie-wearing mannequin2008 - Newman criticised after appearing to slur Tasmanian politician Paula Wriedt, saying 'We couldn't get her on, could we? ...'2008 - Channel Nine settles a defamation claim brought by a Western Bulldogs board member after Newman calls her a liar and a hypocrite on air. The comments cost $220,000 plus costs2001 - Newman's genitals appear on national TV after he is dacked by Shane Crawford1999 - Newman dons black face paint to impersonate Nicky Winmar at a time when racial vilification is a hot issue in the league . The AFL Footy Show star, 69, took to the show's stage wearing unbuttoned Port Adelaide pyjamas. As he was rolled off a hospital bed by a high-skirted nurse, he exposed himself to the Adelaide crowd and viewers. The Logie-winning show, which was broadcast live on the road from Adelaide, regularly attracts hundreds of thousands of viewers. It moved to an 8:30pm timeslot last year. Images and videos of Newman's efforts quickly spread across Twitter. 'Seeing Sam Newman's Crown Jewels on national TV is enough for me. Show has lost the plot,' one person Tweeted. Others were offended by the role of the lingerie-clad nurse. 'Only took Sam Newman and the boys about 15 seconds to revert to being chauvinistic pigs,' another said. 'What? Sam Newman exposed his private parts on television! What a surprise, what a shock, what a crock!! #AFLFootyShow.' Deanna Williams ‏tweeted. Newman's privates have previously featured on The Footy Show at least once, when he was 'dacked' by Shane Crawford in 2001. Newman played 300 games for Geelong from 1964-80. Newman was exposed on TV in 2001 when Shane Crawford dacked him live on air . Newman has courted controversy numerous times on the Channel 9 program . Facing heat: Many of the reactions on Twitter took a personal tone of attack towards Newman .
highlights: Sam Newman exposed himself live on Thursday night's AFL Footy Show . The 69-year-old took to stage wearing unbuttoned Port Adelaide pyjamas . Twitter went into a frenzy with people outraged at the incident . In 2001 his genitals appeared on TV after Shane Crawford dacked him .
id: 187242f9da63aa9c0817c9eeff16046bd0336d06
chatgpt: Sam Newman, the controversial former AFL player turned media personality, has landed himself in hot water once again after exposing himself on Thursday night's episode of the AFL Footy Show. The 69-year-old shocked viewers when he took to the stage wearing unbuttoned Port Adelaide pyjamas, revealing his undergarments to the audience. Twitter quickly exploded with outrage over the incident, with many viewers expressing their disgust at Newman's behavior. This is not the first time that Newman has caused controversy with his on-air antics. In 2001, his genitals appeared on TV after fellow Footy Show host Shane Crawford dacked him on air. The AFL Footy Show has been a staple of Australian sports television for over two decades, with Newman being one of its most well-known and notorious figures. Newman has never been one to shy away from controversy, and his behavior on Thursday night's show was no exception. While some viewers may find Newman's behavior amusing or entertaining, others argue that it is completely inappropriate and offensive. Many believe that the AFL Footy Show should be held to a higher standard, especially given its influence on young viewers who may be watching. Despite the controversy surrounding Newman's latest stunt, it is unlikely that he will face any serious repercussions. The AFL Footy Show has long been known for its irreverent and often controversial content, and Newman is simply the latest in a long line of personalities who have courted controversy on the program. However, as the backlash continues to grow, it remains to be seen whether the AFL Footy Show will take any steps to address the concerns of viewers who feel that the program has crossed the line. In the meantime, Newman's behavior on Thursday night's show has once again sparked a heated debate about the role of shock jocks and controversial personalities in Australian media. While some argue that these figures play an important role in pushing boundaries and challenging conventional thinking, others feel that their behavior is simply unacceptable and that they should be held accountable for their actions. As the fallout from Newman's latest stunt continues to unfold, it remains to be seen what the future holds for the embattled former AFL player turned media personality. One thing is for certain, however: this is not the last we will hear from Sam Newman.