article: By . Associated Press Reporter . A federal jury sentenced an ex-Marine to death on Thursday for murdering a fellow service member in 2009, one among a series of violent, sexually motivated attacks he committed over the years. Jorge Torrez of Zion, Ill., is the first person since 2007 to be sentenced to death at the federal courthouse in Alexandria, Virginia. After Torrez, 25, was found guilty earlier this month of Navy Petty Officer Amanda Snell's murder, Torrez ordered his lawyers not to put on any defense or question the government's case during the trial's sentencing phase. Ex-Marine Jorge Torrez was sentenced to death on Thursday for murdering fellow service member Amanda Snell . Prosecutors said Torrez not only killed Snell but also murdered two young girls in his hometown of Zion when he was 16. On Thursday, Torrez sat impassively in front of the jury in his green jail jumpsuit, forgoing the civilian clothes he has worn all trial. The jury found Torrez guilty of the murder of Petty Officer Amanda Snell, a Las Vegas native, in 2009 at Joint Base Myer-Henderson Hall in Arlington, in a barracks where both lived a few doors down from each other. But prosecutor James Trump reminded the jury that the murder of Snell was far from his only crime. Guilt: Torrez is charged with the killing of two young girls in 2005 in his hometown of Zion — 8-year-old Laura Hobbs (left) and 9-year-old Krystal Tobias (right) When Torrez was only 16, prosecutors . say he stabbed and killed two girls, 8-year-old Laura Hobbs and . 9-Year-old Krystal Tobias, in a park in his hometown of Zion. The . crime was especially brutal - jurors saw gruesome photos of Hobbs' body . with stab wounds to the eyes that medical experts concluded occurred . while she was still alive. Semen found on Hobbs was linked by DNA . evidence to Torrez. And . in 2010, Torrez committed a series of stalking attacks on three women . in northern Virginia, including one who was raped, choked and left for . dead. It was Torrez's arrest in those cases that helped investigators . tie him to Snell's murder and the slayings of the two Illinois girls. He . is already serving a life sentence for the Arlington attacks. Until his arrest in Virginia, Trump told jurors, Torrez believed he had literally gotten away with murder. But . Torrez bragged about the killings to another inmate after his arrest in . the Arlington attacks, and prosecutors played recordings of those . confessions to the jury in which he laughed about the killings and . showed no remorse. Trump reminded jurors that Torrez bragged about being 'an army of one' while preying on defenseless children. 'There's no room for doubt. Jorge Torrez deserves to die,' Trump said. Torrez will join 59 other prisoners on federal death row, according to the Death Penalty Information Center.
highlights: Jorge Torrez, 25, has been sentenced to death for the murder of US Navy sailor Amanda Snell . When he was 16 he murdering Laura Hobbs, 8, and her friend Krystal Tobias, 9, in Illinois . Jerry Hobbs, the father of Laura, was wrongly convicted of their murders in 2005 . Torrez reportedly laughed when he was told the victim's father had been found guilty .
id: caef4ce88d27deb6acfd0cf47a0b6be4bd5d4608
chatgpt: Jorge Torrez, a 25-year-old man, has been sentenced to death for the murder of US Navy sailor Amanda Snell. Torrez was convicted of killing Snell in 2009 after she was found dead in a bathroom at the Joint Base Myer-Henderson Hall in Virginia. The jury's decision came after a five-week trial that included testimony from Snell's family and friends. However, this was not Torrez's first murder. When he was just 16 years old, Torrez murdered Laura Hobbs, 8, and her friend Krystal Tobias, 9, in Zion, Illinois. The young girls were found murdered in a park in 2005. The case gained national attention after Jerry Hobbs, the father of Laura, was wrongly convicted of their murders. Jerry Hobbs spent five years in jail before DNA evidence finally cleared him of the crime. Torrez reportedly laughed when he was told of Hobbs' conviction. After being cleared of the murders, Hobbs fought to find his daughter's real killer. It wasn't until 2010 when Torrez, who was serving time in Virginia for an unrelated attack, became a suspect in the case. Torrez's DNA was found to match the evidence from the crime scene, and he was later charged with both murders. During the trial, Torrez maintained his innocence, but the overwhelming evidence against him led to his conviction. The sentencing took place on Monday, and the jury unanimously decided to sentence Torrez to death for Snell's murder. The sentencing marks the end of a nearly 15-year-long journey for the families, who have fought tirelessly for justice for their loved ones. In a statement following the verdict, Amanda Snell's mother expressed her gratitude to the jury and to everyone who supported her family throughout the trial. "The last 11 years have been the most difficult years of our lives, but we finally have justice for our daughter," she said. "We will never forget Amanda and the memories we shared, but we are grateful that her killer will face the consequences of his actions." Jerry Hobbs, who attended the sentencing, also spoke out following the verdict. "I'm glad that it's over, but it's not a victory," he said. "There are no winners here. Two beautiful little girls were taken from this earth too soon, and nothing can ever bring them back." While the families may never fully find closure, the sentencing of Torrez brings a sense of justice to the victims' loved ones. The case serves as a reminder that justice may sometimes be delayed, but it will eventually prevail.