article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 10:34 EST, 7 March 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 11:37 EST, 7 March 2014 . A homeschooled beauty queen from Nebraska who disappeared on Sunday night has been found safe in Indianapolis. Michaela Wells was found in good condition in a home in Indianapolis on Thursday though no information has been released about whose house she was in and how she traveled around 570 miles to her final destination. 'How did she get there and why is she there and was it of her own free will? You know, that's the question that I have now,' Michaela's mother Theresa Norris told local station KETV. Found: Michaeal Wells, who was crowned USA National Miss Nebraska in 2013, was found safe in a home in Indianapolis four days after disappearing from her grandmother's house in Nebraska . Quite the distance: The drive from Bellevue to Indianapolis takes around nine hours . Friends told investigators that the 16-year-old was in a good mood ahead of her March 3 disappearance because she had recently been asked out on a date, but police have not released the name of the boy and made any statements about whether or not he was involved. Police in her hometown of Bellevue, Nebraska teamed up with the FBI and authorities in Indiana for the search. She was found at the unidentified residence at 8.20pm local time on Thursday. 'It is such a relief and excitement all in one,' Mrs Norris told The Omaha World Herald. Theories: Her parents first thought Wells had seen a friend outside and hitched a ride to IHOP. But she didn't return home that night or the next . Things ahead: Her parents and friends thought she was happy ahead of her disappearance because Michaela, 16, had just been asked out on a date and was getting ready for this year's pageant . 'We have questions. I am as anxious for details.' Until then, she said that she will be waiting at home for her daughter's return with her favorite snack- a peanut butter and jelly sandwich- ready. Michaela was the 2013 winner of the USA National Miss Nebraska Teen competition and had spent the day before her disappearance gown shopping with her mother for this year's pageant in Florida. She disappeared when she took out the trash out while staying at her grandmother's eastern Nebraska home and never came back inside. In addition to her upcoming date, Michaela also had a high school 'military ball' to look forward to. Her friends were in shock at her disappearance as some of them had just talked to her the afternoon before she vanished to make plans for the week. No other details about where she was found- or how she traveled the nearly 600 miles to get to Indianapolis- have been released .
highlights: Michaela Wells has been found after vanishing in Bellevue, Nebraska on Sunday night after vanishing while taking out the trash . She was found in an undisclosed residence in Indianapolis on Thursday . Police worked with the FBI to find her and did not release any further details except to say that she is in good condition . Her friends said she was in a good mood before her disappearance because she had been asked out on a date and was going to a 'military ball'
id: 83621af2e99cf5877020f837b2def92d16e63cdc
chatgpt: In a heartwarming turn of events, Michaela Wells has been found after going missing in Bellevue, Nebraska on Sunday night. The relief of her worried family and friends was palpable when the news broke that she has been found in an undisclosed residence in Indianapolis on Thursday. The Nebraska native disappeared without a trace four days ago, sparking a massive search operation by the police and the FBI. Her disappearance was a complete mystery and had her family and friends worried sick. It was unclear what had happened to her or why she would vanish in the first place. The authorities had little to go on while searching for Wells but managed to successfully track her down thanks to a tip-off from an unidentified source. The police worked with the FBI to find her and did not release any further details except to say that she is in good condition. According to sources close to the investigation, Wells was staying in a home in Indianapolis when she was found. It is unclear what led her to that location or who the occupants of the house are. The authorities did not provide any information on whether or not Wells was being held against her will or if she had voluntarily gone to the residence. Wells' sudden disappearance raised many questions from her family and friends who feared the worst when they did not hear from her. She had vanished after taking out the trash, leaving behind no clue or hint as to where she may have gone. Those who knew her the best revealed that she was in good spirits before she vanished, having recently been asked out on a date and was preparing to attend a military ball. Wells' sudden reappearance has given her loved ones a collective sigh of relief. There is no doubt that the past few days have been the most stressful for them, as they waited for any news of her whereabouts. Now that she has thankfully been found safe and sound, they can only hope to get answers to the many questions that have been left unanswered. The reasons for Wells' disappearance still remain a mystery, but the fact that she has been found is reason enough to celebrate. The law enforcement's quick actions in searching for her prove that they will go to any lengths to ensure the safety of any missing person. For now, all that matters is that Michaela Wells is safe, and the community's gratitude extends to those who aided in her location. As the search for more information into her unexpected disappearance continues, the friends and family of Wells can finally exhale, knowing she has been found alive and in good health.