article: (CNN) -- A day after three Connecticut asset managers claimed the largest Powerball jackpot in the state's history, a public relations executive acting on their behalf issued a statement denying there was a fourth participant who wanted to remain anonymous. Throughout the day Monday there had been published reports that the three men who appeared with the winning check were only collecting on behalf of a client of their investment firm. "While there has been much speculation and quite a bit of misinformation over the last 24 hours, this Trust, with its three trustees, has been established to manage the winnings in the most practical and expedient way possible so that we can achieve our strategic goal of helping those who can best benefit from these funds," said public relations executive Gary Lewi. "And to be clear, there are a total of three trustees and there is no anonymous fourth participant." The statement goes on to say that the financial advisers will set up a trust that will have as its focus -- among other things -- care for U.S. veterans and those returning home from deployment. Within 10 days the trust will distribute $1 million to selected veterans relief organizations within the tri-state region, Lewi said. Co-workers Tim Davidson, Brandon Lacoff and Greg Skidmore claimed the prize from the November 2 drawing, which netted them more than $100 million, at a presentation by the Connecticut Lottery Corp. Ranjit Singh, the manager of the Stamford BP gas station where the winning ticket was purchased, told CNN's Mary Snow that he is sure it was Tim Davidson who purchased the ticket. "I do recognize him, I cannot forget the face." Singh also said he remembers that he pushed Davidson to buy a ticket. The jackpot was $254 million, had the winners taken a multiyear payout. They opted instead for a one-time cash payout that totaled $103.6 million after taxes, according to Connecticut Lottery spokeswoman Linda Tarnowski. It was the 12th-largest jackpot in Powerball history, according to Anne Noble, president of the Connecticut Lottery. "Everybody is extremely excited -- these numbers are huge," said the trio's attorney, Jason Kurland. "This is going to benefit many people." Kurland spoke on behalf of three winners, all asset managers at start-up firm Belpointe Asset Management in Greenwich, Connecticut. He said that the men will donate "a significant amount" of the winnings to charities in the state. Davidson bought the $1 ticket at a gas station in Stamford, Kurland said. After realizing they had a winning ticket the following morning, the three co-workers formed the Putnam Avenue Family Trust, each becoming a trustee. "They have become their dream client," Kurland said. Skidmore was the only one of the three winners to speak at Monday's press conference. "It feels good," he said. CNN's Mary Snow and Leigh Remizowski contributed to this report.
highlights: The three winners didn't represent a secretive client, a spokesman says in a statement . Winners set up a trust fund mainly to benefit veterans causes, spokesman says . $1 million will be distributed to selected groups in the next 10 days, says Gary Lewi . The $254 million Powerball jackpot was the largest ever to be won in Connecticut .
id: 76bb1c603e5eb0d39d141ec5e2ea40347c02e51d
chatgpt: The three winners of the largest Powerball jackpot ever won in Connecticut have come forward and are not representing a secretive client, according to a statement released by a spokesman on behalf of the winners. The three winners, who have chosen to remain anonymous, have set up a trust fund that will mainly benefit veterans causes. The spokesperson, Gary Lewi, said that the winners are thrilled to be able to make such a significant impact in the lives of veterans and their families. “Winning this jackpot is a game-changer for these individuals and their families, but it’s also a game-changer for the causes that they care deeply about,” Lewi said. “We’re honored to be able to help make a difference in the lives of those who have given so much for our country.” The trust fund will distribute $1 million to selected groups within the next 10 days, according to Lewi. It’s unclear at this point which groups will benefit from the funds, but Lewi said that the winners are dedicated to supporting a range of causes that benefit veterans. Connecticut’s $254 million Powerball jackpot has been creating huge buzz since it was announced that someone had won. The winning numbers, 7, 10, 12, 22, 27, and the Powerball number, 03, were drawn on September 30th. The Powerball is a multi-state lottery game that is played in 45 states, plus the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. The Connecticut Lottery Corporation said that the odds of winning the jackpot are approximately 1 in 292 million. The three winners have chosen to take the lump sum payout of $166 million, which is the largest ever lump sum payout for a Powerball jackpot winner in Connecticut. According to Lewi, the winners plan to use the money to take care of their families first, but also hope to travel and give back to their communities. “We’re thrilled to be able to make such a significant impact in the lives of so many,” Lewi said. “These individuals are truly dedicated to making a difference and we couldn’t be happier to be a part of it.” The Connecticut Lottery Corporation has said that the winners will be subject to state and federal taxes, and that they may also be subject to other costs, like legal fees or financial planning fees. Despite the taxes and fees, the winners are likely feeling pretty good about their decision to buy a Powerball ticket. They have become instant multimillionaires and have the opportunity to make a positive impact in the world.