article: (CNN) -- Sweden's Peter Hanson will take a one shot lead into the final round of the Masters after posting a seven-under par round of 65 at Augusta National on Saturday. The 34-year-old made a late charge up the leaderboard with birdies at four of the last five holes to eclipse the efforts of home favorite Phil Mickelson. Hanson, who is playing in only his second Masters, said he will have to manage his emotions on Sunday. "This is kind of a new situation to me, being in the spotlight like this, and playing the last group," Hanson said. "So it's going to be about controlling my emotions and trying to be in the present and trying to play the same kind of golf that I've been doing today." Mickelson, a three-time Masters champion, was also in scintillating form on the back nine taking just 30 strokes. Birdies at the par four 10th and the par-three 12th were followed by an eagle at the par five 13th which sent the Augusta crowd into raptures. Further excitement followed at the 15th as Mickelson claimed a birdie four with another coming at the 18th to leave the 41-year-old on eight-under par and in pole position to claim the fifth major title of his career. South Africa's Louis Oosthuizen is one shot further back after a composed round of 69 while playing partner England's Lee Westwood had to settle for an even-par round of 72 which leaves him in a tie for sixth on four-under par with Sweden's Henrik Stenson (70). America's Hunter Mahan and Ireland's Padraig Harrington are also four-under after both men shot rounds of 68 on Saturday. Bubba Watson continues to creep up the leaderboard after another sub-par round (70) moved him up to fourth place. Compatriot Matt Kuchar also shot 70 to finish one shot further back on five-under par. Overnight leaders Fred Couples and Jason Dufner couldn't keep pace with the fireworks of the leaders. Both men finished with three-over par rounds of 75 to drop into an eight-way tie for 11th place. Rory McIlroy is out of the running after posting a third round 77. A double bogey at the first was the first of six dropped shots on the opening nine with another coming at the long par-four 11th. The Northern Irishman clawed back a couple of shots, and nearly holed his approach to the 18th, but at one-over par for the tournament is too far back to mount a challenge. His playing partner, Spain's Sergio Garcia also had a disappointing day posting a three-over par 75 to leave him one-under after three rounds. Tiger Woods is also out of contention after another even par round of 72 left him 12 shots off the lead. "I didn't play that badly. It was so close to being a really good round of golf. I did not play the par-fives that well. I just didn't take care of the opportunities when I had them," Woods said.
highlights: Peter Hanson leads the Masters with one round to play after shooting 65 on Sunday . Swede is nine-under par, one shot ahead of Phil Mickelson who shot 66 on Saturday . Tiger Woods 12 shots off the lead after another even-par round of 72 . Rory McIlroy's challenge fades after a disastrous front nine .
id: f1f5498b4c6ae1d55c073280770245bd5266c016
chatgpt: The stage is set for an exciting final round at the Masters tournament in Augusta, with Sweden's Peter Hanson leading the pack. On Sunday, Hanson shot an impressive 65, finishing the day at nine-under par and one shot ahead of Phil Mickelson, who shot a 66 on Saturday. While much of the attention leading up to the tournament was on Tiger Woods and his quest for a 15th major championship, it's been a different story on the course. Woods struggled again on Sunday, shooting an even-par 72 and finishing the day 12 shots back of Hanson. Despite the setback, Woods remains optimistic, telling reporters after the round that he was "grinding" and that there are still plenty of birdies to be had on this course. Meanwhile, Rory McIlroy's hopes of winning a green jacket seem to be fading fast after a disastrous front nine. The Northern Irishman started the day three shots back of Hanson, but things quickly went downhill as he carded a double-bogey on the first hole and then followed it up with three more bogeys over the next eight holes. McIlroy managed to salvage his round by shooting two-under on the back nine, but it may be too little, too late. For Hanson, it's a different story. The 34-year-old Swede is enjoying his best-ever Masters showing, and he's looking to become the first European to win the tournament since Jose Maria Olazabal in 1999. Hanson got off to a hot start on Sunday, birdying three of his first six holes, and he never looked back. He finished the day with seven birdies in total, including a clutch putt on the 18th hole to give himself a one-shot lead heading into the final round. For Mickelson, the final round will be an opportunity to capture his fourth green jacket. The 41-year-old American has had a somewhat up-and-down tournament so far, but he's clearly finding his form at just the right time. Mickelson's brilliant 66 on Saturday included five birdies and an eagle, and he looked in control on the back nine. Other players will also be looking to make a move on Sunday. Lee Westwood, who has finished in the top three at major championships nine times but has yet to win one, is just three shots back of Hanson. Meanwhile, South African Louis Oosthuizen and England's Ian Poulter are both five shots off the lead. They'll need to put together a strong round on Sunday if they hope to catch Hanson and Mickelson. All in all, it's shaping up to be a thrilling final round at the Masters. With Hanson, Mickelson, and a host of other talented golfers in the mix, anything can happen. Golf fans won't want to miss a second of the action as the tournament comes to a close.