article: (CNN) -- Who would open one of the world's biggest casinos in the depths of a global recession? Big city dreams: Lawrence Ho's business portfolio in Hong Kong and Macau is growing. Answer: Lawrence Ho, the scion of a casino business mogul who has clearly inherited his father's love of a calculated risk. Ho's father Stanley is a man synonymous with the creation of Macau as the world's biggest gambling destination. "Over the past 40 years he has put his thumbprints all over Macau. I think if you look at the major infrastructure projects, whether it's the airport, the ferry terminals, he was involved in building up a lot of those," Lawrence Ho told CNN. But in opening City of Dreams in Macau earlier this year, Ho is trying to carve his own niche and continue to build up his own business empire. "I think gone are the days when you can open a property and 'Bang!' you would steal significant market share from others," he told CNN. "Before we opened we were, like the rest of the world, a little bit wary of the timing, but I think in hindsight the world economies are doing a lot better and Macau has seen its first year-on-year increase in July and August was a booming month. So I think all in all we couldn't be happier." Ho's company, Melco-Crown Entertainment, is independent from his father's huge portfolio of businesses and the multibillion dollar City of Dreams project is a partnership with Australian James Packer, himself the son of a media tycoon. Ho is respectful of his ailing father's achievements and the advantages that the family name has given him, but also the desire it fostered to forge his own success. "The bigger the shadow the more we can feel the underdog syndrome. ... being his son opened many doors, but at the same time I grew up in a very big family with our own issues, but all in all certainly being his son has helped a great deal," he said. There are no worries about interference from the mainland -- "I suspect that China definitely wants [Macau and Hong Kong] to do well" -- and Ho remains positive that Asia will see the quickest recovery from the downturn. "A lot of the Asian countries and economies have handled the [economic] crisis this time a lot better than the Asian financial crisis 10 years ago," he said. "So I think, all in all, Asia has managed to come out of this much quicker than the rest of the world. And really when people are feeling better they travel and they spend more, and you know we are in the business of providing leisure and entertainment."
highlights: Son of Stanley Ho, business tycoon who built up former-Portuguese colony of Macau . Lawrence Ho recently open multi-billion dollar City of Dreams complex in Macau . Believes he can carve a slice of action from the Asian gambling city .
id: 824de92e83b1147932b72e4b409c85b7754ed976
chatgpt: Lawrence Ho, son of the renowned business tycoon who developed Macau into the bustling gambling hub it is today, has recently opened the City of Dreams complex in an attempt to carve out his own slice of action in the Asian city. The multi-billion dollar complex boasts a myriad of luxurious hotels, upscale restaurants, high-end retail shops, and of course, state-of-the-art casinos. The City of Dreams is the latest addition to Lawrence Ho's impressive portfolio of businesses, which already includes several other successful casinos throughout Asia. Despite tough competition from other established casino operators in the city, Lawrence Ho is confident that the City of Dreams will attract the high-rollers and thrill-seekers that flock to Macau to indulge in their love of gambling. "I'm excited to introduce the City of Dreams to Macau and to the world," said Ho during the grand opening ceremony. "We've worked tirelessly to create a world-class complex that will provide guests with an unparalleled entertainment experience. It's our goal to ensure that everyone who visits the City of Dreams will leave feeling like they've truly experienced the best that Macau has to offer." With over 460,000 square meters of glamorous entertainment space, the City of Dreams has already been dubbed a "must-visit" destination for tourists and locals alike. Visitors can revel in the luxurious surroundings and indulge in a wide range of activities, from fine dining to high-stakes gambling. One of the most impressive features of the City of Dreams is its stunning casino floor, which boasts a variety of games and betting options that cater to both serious gamblers and casual visitors. The casino features an expansive selection of slot machines, table games, and electronic games, and is staffed by highly trained dealers and croupiers. In addition to the casino, visitors can also enjoy the City of Dreams' world-class hotels, which offer luxurious accommodations and top-notch amenities. Guests can choose from a variety of rooms and suites, each decorated with exquisite furnishings and adorned with stunning views of the city. All in all, Lawrence Ho's City of Dreams complex is a testament to the entrepreneur's vision and ambition. By combining his extensive knowledge of the gambling industry with his passion for creating world-class entertainment complexes, Ho has once again proven that he is a force to be reckoned with in the world of business. As for the visitors to Macau, they can expect an unforgettable experience at the City of Dreams.