article: Police have arrested an 18-year-old man on suspicion of shooting and killing an Army veteran on a sidewalk in the San Fernando Valley. A witness claims that Vincent Estrada shouted 'are you ready for this' before opening fire. Estrada was arrested Tuesday in the Sylmar area and booked on suspicion of murder, Los Angeles police spokeswoman Officer Nuria Vanegas said. Scroll down for video . Mourning: A friend of Mr Garcia cries next to flowers and candles placed on the sidewalk where he was shot . Vincent Estrada (not pictured) was arrested Tuesday in the Sylmar area and booked on suspicion of murder, Los Angeles police spokeswoman Officer Nuria Vanegas said . Vanegas says she had no information on the motive behind Sunday's attack on Francisco Garcia, but police suggested that a dispute between the pair that erupted earlier in the evening may be linked. Police and witnesses said 21-year-old Mr Garcia had left a party at his girlfriend's house when two cars pulled up to him. A man in one of the cars jumped out, smashed a beer bottle on the ground and yelled at Garcia. Investigators said the killer then walked to the other car, grabbed a handgun and allegedly began shooting at Garcia. Garcia had returned from Afghanistan over the summer. Brian Enriquez, 21, who had been friends with Mr Garcia since they were in sixth grade, is overcome with grief at the scene of the shooting . Los Angeles police Lt. Paul Vernon told reporters that 'the ironies are obvious. To survive as a soldier in an overseas conflict, only to be killed in your neighborhood upon your return.' Vernon said: 'Apparently a simmering dispute had boiled over during the night, and this suspect came looking for Francisco.' Authorities talked to several witnesses and collected evidence, including several bullet casings. Brian Enriquez, 21, told the Los Angeles Times that the suspect said: 'Are you ready for this?' before opening fire. 'He was a very loving, caring person,' Enriquez said. 'He would always have a smile on his face. An all-around amazing individual.' Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
highlights: Police arrested an 18-year-old on suspicion of shooting an Army veteran . Vincent Estrada was taken into custody on Tuesday after the attack in LA . He allegedly shot dead 21-year-old Francisco Garcia early Sunday morning . Garcia had returned from a tour of duty in Afghanistan over the summer .
id: 01d3b9e973d645d7d9120f916b12b7494d9fdfae
chatgpt: Los Angeles police have arrested an 18-year-old man on suspicion of fatally shooting a US Army veteran who had recently returned from Afghanistan. Vincent Estrada was apprehended on Tuesday, several days after the attack that left 21-year-old Francisco Garcia dead.  Garcia, who had served in Afghanistan over the summer, was shot early on Sunday morning. According to reports, he had been walking home from a party in the Westlake neighborhood of Los Angeles when he was attacked.  Authorities say that Estrada was identified as a suspect through surveillance video footage and witness statements. He was taken into custody without incident, and police are currently investigating a possible motive for the shooting. The death of Garcia has left many in his community shocked and saddened. Friends and family members described him as a dedicated serviceman who had dreams of becoming a police officer one day.  "He was just a good kid, always had a smile on his face," said Michael Hernandez, Garcia's friend and former supervisor at a local pizza restaurant. "He loved his country and was proud to serve. It's just tragic that his life was cut short like this." Garcia's death is also a reminder of the ongoing struggles faced by many veterans who return from service only to face challenges at home. According to the US Department of Veterans Affairs, an average of 20 veterans die by suicide each day in the US. "It's heartbreaking to see someone who was willing to risk his life for our country die like this," said Hernandez. "We need to do more to support our veterans and make sure they get the help they need when they come home." Estrada, meanwhile, is facing charges of murder and is being held on a $2 million bond. His next court appearance is set for later this month. As the investigation continues, Garcia's loved ones and community members are left to mourn his loss and remember the sacrifice he made for his country.