article: (CNN) -- Iran is lauding the successful test-firing of new missiles, including one designed to destroy "all types of enemy military equipment," state media said. U.S. officials say they're paying close attention. The Iranian Defense Ministry said the new missiles include a laser-guided surface-to-surface and air-to-surface missile as well as a new long-range ballistic missile that can carry multiple warheads, Iran's semi-official Fars news agency reported. Iranian Defense Minister Brig. Gen. Hossein Dehqan said the long-range ballistic missile can evade enemies' anti-missile defense systems and has "the capability of destroying massive targets and destroying multiple targets." Pentagon spokesman Adm. John Kirby said the agency has seen the reports. "Iran's missile program continues to pose a dangerous threat to region, and is an issue we monitor closely," he said. Kirby noted that U.N. Security Council Resolution 1929 prohibits Iran from undertaking any activity related to ballistic missiles capable of delivering nuclear weapons, including launches using ballistic missile technology. Iran's missiles testing comes just days after Iranian warships reportedly were en route toward U.S. maritime borders, according to Fars. "Iran's military fleet is approaching the United States' maritime borders, and this move has a message," Iranian navy Adm. Afshin Rezayee Haddad said, according to Fars. The plan, Fars reported Saturday, serves as a response to the United States beefing up its naval presence in the Persian Gulf. The U.S. 5th Fleet is based in Bahrain. But a U.S. military official said there was no operational information to support the claim. The timing of Iran's missile testing is notable for another reason: Fars said it happened on Monday, the eve of the 35th anniversary of the 1979 Islamic Revolution. The revolution signified the end of Iran's Western-backed monarchy under Mohammad Reza Shah Pahlavi and the beginning of an Islamic republic. On Tuesday, Iranian President Hassan Rouhani delivered a speech celebrating the revolution -- and slamming the United States. "The revolution started because people didn't want to accept humiliation," Rouhani told his country. "Is it possible for the great revolutionary people, it is possible for this nation to accept humiliation by foreign powers or America after 35 years? It is as if they have not recognized the great nation of Iran. They don't have the right understanding and knowledge of the Iranian people." Iran's navy aims to make PR splash with voyage . CNN's Saad Abedine, Jim Sciutto, Barbara Starr and Hamdi Alkhshali contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: Iran's president slams the U.S. in a speech marking the Islamic Revolution . Last week, a navy official reportedly said warships were headed to U.S. maritime borders . A U.S. official said there was no operational information to support that claim . The latest Iranian claim came a day before the anniversary of the Islamic Revolution .
id: e69c782590818cd278365a81c85a93b34aaf3b93
chatgpt: Iran's President Hassan Rouhani used a speech marking the Islamic Revolution to verbally attack the United States, creating new tensions between the two nations. The country's leadership and the United States have been at odds over Iran's nuclear program and geopolitical ambitions for years. Last week, a navy official reportedly said that Iranian warships were headed for US maritime borders, which was interpreted as a direct threat by many. However, a U.S. official said there was no operational information to support that claim. Bluster and threats have a long history in the relationship between the two countries. In his speech, President Rouhani sought to remind the United States of Iran's cultural, religious and historical significance. He focused on the history of the Islamic Revolution when Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini overthrew the United States-backed Shah in 1979. "Whenever we've ever trusted the Americans…we've lost out", said Rouhani. The latest Iranian claim came just one day before the anniversary of the Islamic Revolution, a significant date that has been marked with anti-American protests in the past. In 1979, American hostages were taken at the U.S. embassy in Tehran, and the U.S. and Iran have been bitter rivals ever since. As tensions between the two nations rise again, the global community is watching carefully. A breakdown in relations would have wide-reaching consequences for the region and beyond. Iran's rhetoric appears to be aimed at showing domestic audiences the country's strength and resolve in standing up to the United States. But many observers are concerned that this increase in rhetoric could heighten tensions even further. The situation is compounded by Iran's ongoing nuclear program, which the United States and other nations say could be used to develop nuclear weapons. Iran says that its nuclear program is intended only for civilian purposes. Despite their differences, both Iran and the United States have shown some willingness to negotiate in the past. However, reaching a satisfactory agreement has proven to be a significant challenge. In 2015, the Obama administration negotiated a landmark deal to limit Iran's nuclear program, but President Trump pulled the US out of the agreement in 2018. This turn of events has led to increased strains between the two countries. Rouhani and other Iranian officials have criticized the US's actions in the recent past, calling for diplomatic solutions to the ongoing conflict. However, the US, under President Trump's administration, has shown little interest in engaging in such discussions. As Iranians mark the anniversary of the Islamic Revolution, tensions between their nation and the United States reached a new high. It is unclear how things will develop going forward, but the international community is watching closely. Many are calling for both sides to engage in productive dialogue in the hopes of finding a peaceful solution to this long-standing conflict.