article: By . Hannah Roberts . PUBLISHED: . 05:32 EST, 7 June 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 06:03 EST, 7 June 2013 . An Anglo-Italian showgirl, accused of vetting and grooming prostitutes for bunga bunga parties, has revealed for the first time that she was in a relationship with Silvio Berlusconi. Giving evidence at her trial, Nicole Minetti, a former dental hygienist who was propelled into politics by Berlusconi, said she had felt ‘true love’ for the 76-year-old billionaire. Minetti, 28, who grew up in Rimini, Italy, with an English dance instructor mother, denies acting as a Madame running a stable of more than 30 young women for the ex-premier's alleged sex parties. On trial: Nicole Minetti (right), a former dental hygienist and Lombardy councillor, has admitted for the first time that she was in a relationship with Silvio Berlusconi (left) The former Lombardy councillor said was 'fascinated ' by the former premier when she got to know him when he was having dental treatment done in 2008. She told the court: ‘He began to court me discreetly and I don’t deny being fascinated by him. 'We became friends, which turned into a loving relationship, which ended at the end of that year.’ She added: ‘My feelings for the prime minister were true love.’ 'Exclusive relationship': Former Lombardy Regional Councillor Nicole Minetti, pictured during Milan Fashion Week last year, claims that her feelings towards Mr Berlusconi were 'true love' For her, she said, it had been ‘an exclusive relationship’. Berlusconi is separately on trial, accused of underage sex with Moroccan nightclub dancer Ruby the Heart Stealer, and using his position to cover up their relationship. In Italy the age of consent is 14 but paying a woman below the age of 18 for sex is seen as underage prostitution and punishable by a jail term. The media magnate who faces a possible six-year sentence in that trial, has been in a relationship with 28 year old party activist Francesca Pascale, since he re-entered politics to take second place in elections in February. He is now back in government as part of a coalition. Minetti is one of three accused of pimping for Berlusconi including former TV anchor Emilio Fede and bankrupt talent scout Lele Mora. The prosecution has requested seven-year jail terms for the three. A verdict in both Minetti's and Berlusconi's trials are expected next month. Sorry we are unable to accept comments for legal reasons.
highlights: Nicole Minetti denies acting as a madame for Berlusconi's alleged sex parties . The former dental hygienist was propelled into a political career by the 76-year-old . She said she was 'fascinated' by Berlusconi when they met as he had dental treatment in 2008 .
id: c3614805fce649c5800b7ffd12ab301d382c43ac
chatgpt: Nicole Minetti, the former dental hygienist turned politician, has denied accusations that she acted as a madame for Silvio Berlusconi's alleged sex parties. The 76-year-old billionaire and former Italian Prime Minister has faced a string of allegations over the years, and Minetti has been implicated in these claims. However, Minetti vehemently denies any wrongdoing. She said that she was "fascinated" by Berlusconi when they first met in 2008, when he came in for dental treatment at a clinic where she was working. This encounter propelled Minetti into a political career, where she eventually became a member of Berlusconi's party. Despite the accusations, Minetti has maintained her innocence. In an interview with Italian newspaper La Repubblica, she said, "I have never acted as a madame or organised nights of sex for Berlusconi." She added that she only had a professional relationship with the former Prime Minister. Berlusconi himself has been at the centre of numerous allegations of corruption, bribery, and sex scandals over the years. In 2013, he was sentenced to seven years in prison for paying for sex with an underage prostitute, although the sentence was later overturned on appeal. Minetti has also faced her own legal troubles, separate from the allegations surrounding Berlusconi. She was convicted in 2013 in connection to a separate corruption scandal involving the awarding of public contracts. However, she has maintained her innocence in that case as well. Despite the controversies surrounding both Minetti and Berlusconi, the former dental hygienist has remained a loyal supporter of the former Prime Minister. She has even defended him in the face of these allegations, saying that he is "not a monster" and that he has been the victim of a "media lynching". The ongoing allegations surrounding Berlusconi and those in his inner circle have rocked Italian politics for years. While Minetti may have denied any involvement in the alleged sex parties, the accusations continue to cast a shadow over both her and Berlusconi's political legacy. It remains to be seen whether these allegations will have any further impact on either Minetti or Berlusconi's careers. However, the ongoing scandals serve as a reminder of the often murky connections between politics and power, and the consequences that can come with it.