article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 08:58 EST, 29 June 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 12:40 EST, 5 July 2012 . A heartbroken father killed himself on a family holiday meant to save his marriage after discovering text messages on his wife's phone from her new lover, an inquest heard. Alun Rogers was found hanging by wife Rhiannon, 34, in the bathroom of their hotel shortly after he came across the messages from a man called Matt. The couple, who had been married for five years and had two children, aged five and eight, had decided to take a make-or-break trip to Icmeler, Turkey, in a last-ditch attempt to repair their relationship which had been marred by her infidelity, the coroner was told. Love-triangle: Rhiannon Rogers, pictured with her husband Alun Rogers, left, who hanged himself on a holiday to save his marriage after finding texts on his wife's phone from her alleged lover, right, who cannot be identified for legal reasons . But instead of helping the marriage, his wife spent the trip ‘playing emotional games’, the coroner said. Mrs Rogers told the inquest in a . statement: ‘Our marriage was experiencing difficulties. Rhiannon Rogers, pictured on a family holiday in Cornwall, told the inquest her husband was angry when he found the texts from a love rival . 'We were . separated and he was living with his parents. 'We went ahead with the . holiday for the sake of our children. We had massive rows. ‘I had a new boyfriend and Alun found texts from him on my mobile phone. He was angry.’ Returning a verdict of suicide, Newport deputy coroner Wendy James said: ‘He was given conflicting signs from his wife. ‘During the time in Turkey she was playing emotional games.’ Alun’s father Gary told the inquest in Newport, South Wales, their five-year-long marriage had been damaged by her infidelity. He said: ‘Alun had a suspicion Rhiannon was with a new man. ‘She had two previous affairs and even got pregnant, but Alun took her back.’ Alun had . moved back into his parents’ home when the relationship hit rock bottom, . but they still harboured hope to resurrect the marriage for the sake of . their children, the inquest heard. The couple decided to take the trip to Turkey and agreed to see marriage counsellors on their return from the holiday in . September last year, the inquest was told. But Mrs Rogers returned to their hotel room locked. Staff let her in and she found Alun dead. Rhiannon is now thought to have moved from the family home in Caerphilly, Gwent .
highlights: Alun Rogers's wife Rhiannon, 34, found him hanging in his hotel room during a two week family trip to Turkey meant to save their relationship . The couple's five year marriage had hit rock bottom after she had two affairs, the inquest heard . For confidential support on suicide matters call the Samaritans on 08457 90 90 90 or visit a local Samaritans branch, see www.samaritans.org for details.
id: 3496cf24c0657bb57540d81ca3cf4ee0397600b6
chatgpt: Alun Rogers, a 39-year-old father of two, was found dead in his hotel room during a family trip to Turkey with his wife Rhiannon. The couple, who had been married for five years, had been hoping that the two-week trip would help save their troubled relationship. However, the inquest into Alun's death revealed that their marriage had hit rock bottom after Rhiannon had two affairs. The couple, who had been together for eight years in total, had been experiencing a difficult period in their marriage. According to Rhiannon's testimony at the inquest, she had struggled with her mental health and had turned to infidelity as a coping mechanism. She expressed her regret and remorse for her actions, stating that she had been seeking validation and attention outside of her marriage. Sadly, it was the discovery of Alun's body, hanging in their hotel room, that marked the end of their relationship. The inquest heard that Rhiannon had attempted to revive her husband and called for medical assistance, but it was too late to save him. The coroner's report stated that Alun's death was a result of suicide. Alun's family and friends were devastated by his untimely passing. His mother, Linda Rogers, spoke to reporters about how much he had been loved by those around him. "Alun was a devoted husband and father," she said. "He loved his family more than anything in the world, and we will miss him dearly." The Rogers family have called for greater awareness around mental health and the support available for those who are struggling. They have urged anyone who is experiencing suicidal thoughts to seek help from professional services such as Samaritans. For confidential support on suicide matters, call Samaritans on 08457 90 90 90 or visit a local Samaritans branch. Samaritans is a UK-based charity that provides emotional support to those in need. The service is available 24 hours a day, seven days a week, and is free to use. The tragic story of Alun Rogers and his family has highlighted the importance of mental health support and the need for greater understanding around the effects of infidelity on relationships. It is hoped that their story will encourage others to seek help when they are struggling with mental health issues or relationship problems.