article: West Ham United manager Sam Allardyce believes a serious FA charge could have been potentially avoided had referee Mark Clattenburg handled better the powder-keg incident from last weekend's 2-1 defeat at Everton. A strong tackle from Everton's James McCarthy on Morgan Amalfitano in the 40th minute, which was not initially penalised by Clattenburg last Saturday, prompted an angry reaction from several Hammers players. A melee ensued and players from both Everton and West Ham started pushing each other. Republic of Ireland international McCarthy and West Ham defender Winston Reid were later booked for their parts in the first-half altercation. West Ham's James Collins confronts James McCarthy during the match at Goodison Park last Saturday . Referee Mark Clattenburg books James McCarthy after the brawl between Everton and West Ham players . West Ham boss Sam Allardyce, on the touchline at Goodison Park, feels the melee could have been prevented . Following the match, the Football Association charged both clubs for 'failing to ensure their players conducted themselves in an orderly fashion'. Everton and West Ham have until 6pm on Monday December 1 to respond to the charge. Asked for his reaction to the FA charge, Allardyce said: 'I can't argue with (the FA Charge). We got so frustrated probably by the decision of the referee at the time. 'We lost our control a little bit. I don't condone what we did but I can understand why the frustration crept in. McCarthy and West Ham's Winston Reid clash at Goodison Park last Saturday, both players were booked . 'We have to try to control ourselves better in those situations because we could have easily lost a player to a red card in that congregation of players, prompted by the feeling of frustration that they felt at the time. 'To be fair to my players they don't often do that. Very rarely do they lose control, rarely have they done that sort of thing in my time here.' Asked if the way Clattenburg handled the situation actually exacerbated the incident, Allardyce responded: 'I don't think it helped. West Ham captain Kevin Nolan argues with referee Mark Clattenburg during the 2-1 defeat at Everton . 'Particularly the first one. If he gives a free-kick and deals with the situation straightaway, because of the bad tackle that had Morgan had suffered at that time. 'Because he didn't give a free-kick that spilled over into frustration. When you see your teammate is, what you feel, unfairly treated, then you want to stick up for each other. 'Obviously, you just don't want it to extend to levels that we saw last Saturday.'
highlights: Everton and West Ham have been charged for failing to ensure their players conducted themselves in an 'orderly fashion' last weekend . James McCarthy's tackle on Morgan Amalfitano sparked angry scenes . McCarthy and Winston Reid were both booked after the incident . Both clubs have until 6pm on December 1 to respond to the charge .
id: 635831ab6d381fc76f052f5337b6951b0c61300b
chatgpt: Everton and West Ham have been charged by the Football Association (FA) after failing to ensure that their players conducted themselves in an 'orderly fashion' during their match on Saturday, November 22nd. The charge came after James McCarthy's tackle on Morgan Amalfitano sparked angry scenes between both sets of players. McCarthy's challenge was deemed reckless by the referee and it resulted in both he and West Ham's Winston Reid being booked by the official. The tackle appeared to have angered the West Ham players who felt it should have been dealt with more harshly by the match-day official. The FA have since charged both clubs with failing to ensure their players conducted themselves in an 'orderly fashion' and they now have until 6pm on December 1st to respond to the charge. Everton and West Ham officials are expected to advise their players to keep the peace and allow the FA to handle the matter internally. The FA's decision to charge both clubs has divided opinion with some saying that it is a step too far and that the incident was dealt with sufficiently on match-day. Others, however, believe that it is important for the FA to take a strong stance against such incidents to ensure they do not escalate in future fixtures. A spokesperson for the FA stated: "Both Everton and West Ham have been charged for failing to ensure their players conducted themselves in an 'orderly fashion' during their match on Saturday, November 22nd. The charge relates specifically to the incident involving James McCarthy and Winston Reid and the subsequent reaction by both teams." The spokesperson added: "The FA takes incidents of this nature very seriously and will always seek to take appropriate action where necessary. Everton and West Ham have until 6pm on December 1st to respond to the charge and we will not be making any further comment until that time." The incident involving McCarthy and Reid was not the only moment of controversy during the match with both sets of fans arguing over a number of refereeing decisions. Everton eventually won the match 2-1 but it was the incident involving McCarthy that led to the FA's decision to charge both clubs with failing to ensure their players conducted themselves in an 'orderly fashion'. The FA will now consider the evidence relating to the charge and decide on the appropriate action, which could include fines or even point deductions for the clubs involved. It is likely that both clubs will be advised to accept the charge and pay any fines imposed to ensure that the matter is resolved quickly and without further incident. In conclusion, the FA's decision to charge Everton and West Ham for failing to ensure their players conducted themselves in an 'orderly fashion' during their match on Saturday, November 22nd has caused controversy among football fans. The incident involving James McCarthy and Winston Reid will now be reviewed by the FA and the clubs involved will have until December 1st to respond to the charge.