article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 02:56 EST, 26 January 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 02:57 EST, 26 January 2014 . One week ago, three nuns from New York had to say goodbye to the dog that they had lived with them for about eight years. The trio - all in their seventies - live in the village of Pomona, north of New Hempstead, and decided to into the Hi Tor Animal Care Center. They had one intention: To adopt a dog that no one else wanted. Then they met Remy, a nine-year-old pit bull that had been at the shelter since October. Rescue effort: Three nuns from Pomono, New York, rescued nine-year-old Pitbull Remy from an animal shelter this week . Remy the pit bull would lilkely have been euthanized if the nuns didn't come along . New housemate: Sister Veronika gets acquainted with their new pet . Sister Veronica Mendez said she knew immediately that they had found their new member of the family. 'I wanted to bring a dog home that might get euthanized if we didn't take her,' Sister Veronica Mendez told News 12. 'And when I noticed the sign said 'nine years,' I said, 'Virginia, we want this one, because nobody else is going to want her.' West Artope, executive director at Hi Tor, told The Huffington Post that he was surprised that the nuns weren't deterred by the thought of owning a pit bull. 'Most people have a pretty bad understanding of pits," Artope said. The nuns say Remy has 'already brought a lot of love into the house' Sister Veronika said that, because Remy was nine-years-old, no one else would have wanted her because people usually get young animals from shelters . 'But Remy was sensitive to the sisters, especially to Sister Virginia, who walks with a cane. She kept up with her and was so attentive.' Remy now lives with the nuns at Sisters of Our Lady of Christian Doctrine. Artope said that the sisters didn't have to pay for the adoption - Pauline Jarney, a Hi Tor volunteer, and Roberta Bangs, a Hi Tor board member, were so moved by the nuns' actions that they covered the bill. Remy the pit bull now has not one but three new owners . See video here .
highlights: 'Remy' had been sitting at the Hi Tor Animal Care Center in New York state since October last year . Three local nuns went in looking for a new pet after recently losing theirs . One of the sisters, Veronika Mendez, said she feared Remy would be euthanized if they didn't adopt her .
id: c09c4ffc7e0b34c37f4424d98da411ab1ec5b396
chatgpt: In a heartwarming turn of events, a dog named Remy has finally found her forever home after spending eight long months at the Hi Tor Animal Care Center in New York state. The lucky adopters? Three nuns from a nearby convent who were looking for a new pet after losing their previous one. Veronika Mendez, one of the three sisters, recounted her visit to the shelter in an interview with local news outlet, News 12 Westchester. "We were looking around and we saw Remy," she said. "Something about her eyes just drew us in. We decided to take her out and give her a little walk, and from there, we just fell in love with her." Mendez revealed that the sisters were particularly concerned about Remy's fate if they didn't adopt her. "We were told that she had been there since October last year, and we were afraid that if she didn't get adopted soon, she might be euthanized," she said. Remy, a five-year-old pit bull mix, was known for her sweet and outgoing personality at the shelter. However, she struggled to find a permanent home, likely due to the negative stereotypes associated with pit bulls. According to the American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (ASPCA), pit bulls are often unfairly labeled as aggressive and dangerous. The organization notes that these perceptions can make it harder for pit bulls to find loving homes, even though they can make excellent pets with proper training and socialization. Fortunately, Remy's luck turned around when the nuns came to the shelter. It was a match made in heaven, as the sisters were looking for a dog with a kind and gentle nature, and Remy fit the bill perfectly. "We all have a lot of love to give, and we just felt that Remy would fit well with our family," Mendez said. Now, Remy is settling into her new home with the nuns, who are thrilled to have her as their new companion. Mendez said that Remy is already becoming an integral part of their community, adding that the dog has "brought so much joy" to their lives. Remy's story is a reminder that all animals deserve love and care, regardless of their breed or background. Thanks to the compassion of these local nuns, Remy can now live out the rest of her days in a happy and loving home.