article: (CNN) -- The Doors' founding keyboardist, Ray Manzarek, died in Germany Monday after a long fight with cancer, his publicist said in a statement. He was 74. The artist had been diagnosed with bile duct cancer. The Doors formed in 1965 after Manzarek happened to meet Jim Morrison on California's Venice Beach. The legendary rock group went on to sell 100 million albums worldwide, establishing five multiplatinum discs in the U.S. Morrison died in 1971, but Manzarek carried on The Doors' legacy, continuing to work as a musician and an author. "I was deeply saddened to hear about the passing of my friend and bandmate Ray Manzarek today," said Doors guitarist Robby Krieger. "I'm just glad to have been able to have played Doors songs with him for the last decade. Ray was a huge part of my life and I will always miss him." The band famously defied Ed Sullivan's request that they not sing the lyric "higher" when they performed "Light My Fire" on his show in 1969. A show producer approached them in the dressing room shortly before they were to perform, Manzarek recalled in an interview with CNN in 2002. Manzarek remembers the band publicly agreeing like choirboys. " 'Yes, sir,' we told him," he recalls. "'Whatever you say, sir. We'll change.' (The producer) looked at Jim and said, 'You're the poet. Think of something else -- 'wire,' 'flyer.' " Then the Doors went out and did the song exactly as they always did. Sullivan was so furious he didn't even shake their hands. Manzarek went on to produce the Los Angeles punk band X. Bassist John Doe said the band learned a lot from him. "To have someone like Ray -- like rock 'n' roll royalty -- embrace what we do, it was great for our confidence," Doe told CNN in a 2004 interview. "In the studio, he knew what to try to do. He went for performance. He was smart enough to realize that the band had the arrangements all worked out." Manzarek is survived by his brothers Rick and James, his wife Dorothy, his son Pablo, and three grandchildren. Instead of flowers, the family's asked that a donation be made in Manzarek's name at www.standup2cancer.org. People we lost in 2013: The lives they lived . CNN's Denise Quan and Todd Leopold contributed to this report.
highlights: The Doors' founding keyboardist Ray Manzarek has died . Manzarek, 74, was suffering from bile duct cancer . The musician "went for performance" as a producer, bassist of punk band X said in 2004 .
id: 987faee01206e45c31f657035da212e128390727
chatgpt: Ray Manzarek, who was one of the founding members of the iconic rock band The Doors, has passed away at the age of 74. It has been reported that the musician had been suffering from bile duct cancer. Manzarek was known for his incredible keyboard skills which he brought to the band’s distinct sound. Along with Jim Morrison, the lead vocalist, Manzarek helped to create some of the most memorable songs in rock history. The band, which formed in 1965, was widely popular and singles such as “Light My Fire,” “Love Me Two Times,” and “Riders on the Storm” helped to make them legends in the music industry. Following the death of Morrison in 1971, The Doors disbanded but Manzarek continued to make music both as a solo artist and with other projects. One of the most notable was his involvement with the punk band X, of which he took on the role of producer and bassist. Manzarek’s insistence on creating a unique sound for the band, mixing punk with other genres, helped X to achieve critical acclaim for their music. “Ray went for performance, which was perfect for us,” said John Doe, the bassist and co-lead vocalist, of the band’s experience working with Manzarek in 2004. “He understood the power of punk rock in its simplicity and said, ‘let me deconstruct everything you know.’” Manzarek’s legacy in music is significant and his contributions to the creation of The Doors’ sound will always be remembered. He was a true artist and his passion for music resonated with fans all over the world. His death is a great loss for the music industry, but his influence will continue to inspire generations of musicians to come. Fans of The Doors and music lovers alike have taken to social media to express their sadness and pay tribute to the legendary musician. Many have shared memories of their favourite songs and live performances, highlighting the impact that Manzarek and The Doors had on their lives. Manzarek’s family has asked for privacy during this difficult time and a private service is expected to be held in his honour. The music world has truly lost a great talent but his spirit will live on through his music and the memories he created.