article: By . Alex Greig . News reporters are accustomed to members of the public finding the lure of a television camera irresistible, but one New York journalist's heckler was no ordinary camera-struck citizen. As Pix11 reporter Mario Diaz reported on Shia LaBoeuf's latest antics in Midtown Manhattan on Friday singer Erykah Badu, wearing a huge hat and a cheeky grin, began edging into the frame. She paced back and forth behind Diaz, opening her coat to reveal her colorful outfit before making some obscene hand gestures. SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . Live cross: In a hat to rival Pharrell's, Badu horses around behind reporter Mario Diaz's back . Naughty: Badu makes some lewd gestures as Diaz reports live about Shia LaBoeuf's arrest in Manhattan . Pucker up: Badu tried to kiss Diaz on the cheek but he pushed her away before she managed it . Next, she approached Diaz and tried to lay a kiss on him - but the reporter managed to fend her off before continuing his live cross. He explained to the anchor back in the studio that he 'couldn't avoid a fan right now.' Eagle-eyed viewers noticed the video-bomber bore a striking resemblance to the Grammy award-winning singer and put the question to her on Twitter. Double take: Viewers were unsure whether they'd really seen the neo soul diva on live TV . Coming clean: Badu admitted to being the lady in the shot by tweeting 'Sorry Mario' at reporter Mario Diaz . 'Great taste': Diaz's wife was watching on as Badu went in for a kiss . Busy girl: Badu has spent the weekend in New York performing with Dave Chappelle Friday and at a Brooklyn block party celebrating the 25th anniversary of Spike Lee's Do the Right Thing . 'Nope,' she responded, before eventually coming clean with another tweet. 'Sorry Mario,' she tweeted at the reporter. He responded with some Prince lyrics (I just want your extra time and your... kiss), and promised to be more amenable to strangers' advances in future. 'Next time I won't do the NYC push back,' he wrote, adding that his wife thinks Badu has 'great taste.' Apart from messing with TV reporters, Badu has had a busy weekend in the city, performing with Dave Chappelle at Radio City Music Hall on Friday and a Brooklyn block party in honor of the 25th anniversary of Spike Lee's film Do the Right Thing.
highlights: Singer Erykah Badu crashed a live news report in New York . She paced behind reporter Mario Diaz in a huge hat and made lewd gestures before trying to kiss him . Diaz pushed her away and continued his report . Badu owned up on Twitter, tweeting, 'Sorry Mario' at the reporter . He responded that next time, he won't do 'the NYC push back' when someone tries to kiss him .
id: 4718f6d8f9b0b77a78c12f087fec4637b60446e0
chatgpt: Renowned singer and songwriter Erykah Badu made headlines on Friday when she famously crashed a live news report in New York City. The soulful musician was seen pacing behind reporter Mario Diaz, sporting a large, stylish hat and making lewd gestures. Before Diaz knew it, so it seemed, Badu leaned in to plant a steamy kiss on the reporter's cheek. However, Diaz's reaction to the unexpected advance was admirable as he pushed Badu away and continued his report, showing the utmost professionalism. The clip of the incident quickly went viral online, with many users applauding Diaz for his quick-thinking. Badu was quick to own up to her actions on Twitter, tweeting: "Sorry Mario. :-)))))". Meanwhile, Diaz took to Twitter as well, signaling that he wasn't too bothered by the singer's advance. "I didn't mind the hug but the ***-grab during a live news report was a bit much," Diaz wrote on his account, along with a photo of him embracing Badu, prior to the infamous kiss. Badu's impulsive behavior didn't end there, as she also took to Twitter to note how she felt towards Diaz, writing: "@MarioPIX11 a blessing for the day, sir. Ashamed and honored at the same time. You were very professional. I was not." Diaz returned the compliment, writing, "You're a star @fatbellybella". The reporter even noted that for future reference, he will no longer do "the NYC pushback" when someone tries to kiss him. Diaz's clear, professional response and quick-thinking has been admired by netizens who lauded his bravery. It is not yet known whether any further action will be taken in response to Badu's behavior. However, the incident was a clear example of how one's actions can have significant and long-lasting consequences. While some may see it as a humorous moment, it's also a reminder that being professional in any situation is essential, particularly for those working in the media. At the end of the day, it's clear that Badu owns up to her actions and apologized for any harm she may have caused. Diaz handled the situation impressively and showed the world how to maintain professionalism in any situation. It's a great reminder for us all to stay composed and composed, even when things don't go as planned.