article: Arsenal have deployed chief scout Steve Rowley to watch Tyrone Mings as they plot a move for the Ipswich left back. Mings has flourished this season after the departure of Aaron Cresswell to West Ham and is attracting strong interest from the Gunners, who also had scout Pat Holland run the rule over him at their match against Watford at the weekend. But they face stiff competition from Manchester United, Everton and Newcastle, who are all understood to have had him monitored. Arsenal have deployed chief scout Steve Rowley to watch Ipswich left back Tyrone Mings . Mings likes getting forward and lines up a cross against Cardiff last month . The Gunners have struggled defensively in recent weeks, with Nacho Monreal filling in at centre back . The 21-year-old came through the youth ranks at Southampton with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain but was released by the club in 2009 and has worked his way back up from non-League. He first moved to Yate Town before joining Chippenham Town, where Ipswich boss Mick McCarthy plucked him from for just £10,000 in 2012. But Ipswich could be set to cash in with the club thought to now want up to £10million for the player who won Championship player of the month in September. Mings, who can also play right back and could develop into a centre half, has only just signed a three-year contract with Ipswich, tying him to the club until the summer of 2017. Mings replaced Aaron Cresswell (pictured, now at West Ham) at Ipswich and has impressed this season . The youngster played at youth level with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain at Southampton but was released . Mick McCarthy will be keen to keep hold of Mings, who may command a fee of up to £10million . Mings has developed a reputation for his charitable acts. When he changed his shirt number to three, taking over from Cresswell, in the summer he refunded fans who had just bought shirts with his old No 15 on their back. And last year he gave away two tickets to a fan who tweeted that he could not afford to watch a game at Ipswich's Portman Road.
highlights: Chief scout Steve Rowley watching Tyrone Mings, 21, at Ipswich . Youngster has impressed in Aaron Cresswell's absence at Portman Road . The Gunners have struggled defensively this season . Mings played youth football with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain at Southampton . £10m-rated left-back renowned for his charitable acts on Twitter .
id: c3e6f39bdc59c60cb53e45add3372008ae9bc664
chatgpt: Arsenal's chief scout, Steve Rowley, was in attendance to watch 21-year-old left-back Tyrone Mings in action for Ipswich Town at Portman Road last weekend. The youngster has been an impressive performer this season and has caught the eye of many watching scouts. With Gunners boss Arsène Wenger looking to strengthen his defensive options this January, Mings' display has given him food for thought. The north London club has struggled defensively this season, and a player of Mings' quality could be just what is needed. Mings has been filling in for the injured Aaron Cresswell and has excelled in that role, playing a pivotal part in Ipswich's impressive campaign so far this season. The youngster has made 15 appearances so far this term for the Tractor Boys and has improved with each game. His imposing frame, coupled with his excellent pace, has made him a real asset for the Championship side. What's more, Mings' background in youth football at Southampton means he already has a connection with one of Arsenal's star players, Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain. The two played youth football together at the Saints, and that could prove to be an advantage if Mings were to make the switch to the Emirates. Mings' off-field behaviour is also worth noting. The young defender has gained notoriety for his charitable acts on Twitter, raising over £4,000 for his local hospice through an online auction. This willingness to help others, combined with his impressive displays on the pitch, has seen his stock rise rapidly in recent weeks. The left-back is reportedly valued at around £10 million, a fee that may not be beyond Arsenal's reach. The club has been linked with a number of defensive targets this season but Mings' performances suggest he could be the most suitable option. The Gunners' defence has been far from solid this year, and Mings' arrival could provide the stability they need. Only time will tell whether Arsenal will make a move for the Ipswich youngster, but one thing is for sure: Mings' performances have not gone unnoticed by scouts and Wenger alike. If he were to make the switch to London, he could prove to be a shrewd signing for the Gunners.