article: "Full House" star Candace Cameron Bure has written a book that is sure to get women talking -- though perhaps not in the way she anticipated. "Balancing It All: My Story of Juggling Priorities and Purpose," is all about her life as a working wife and mom. But she also includes some information about her marriage to professional hockey player Val Bure. The couple have been married for 17 years and have three children. "I am not a passive person, but I chose to fall into a more submissive role in our relationship because I wanted to do everything in my power to make my marriage and family work," the actress writes in her book. During a recent interview with The Huffington Post, Cameron Bure explained what she meant. "The definition I'm using with the word 'submissive' is the biblical definition of that," she said. "So, it is meekness, it is not weakness. It is strength under control, it is bridled strength." "And, listen, I love that my man is a leader," she said. "I want him to lead and be the head of our family. And those major decisions do fall on him. ... It doesn't mean I don't voice my opinion. It doesn't mean I don't have an opinion. I absolutely do, but it is very difficult to have two heads of authority." "In my marriage we are equal ... in our importance, but we are just different in our performances within our marriage," she said. The actress/author is still remembered for her role as playing D.J. Tanner on "Full House" and continues to work, most recently on the Hallmark Channel's movie "Let It Snow." Her family is no stranger to controversy. Her brother, "Growing Pains" star Kirk Cameron was criticized in 2012 for comments he made about gay marriage to CNN's Piers Morgan. Cameron Bure sought to explain that she does not consider her role as a wife to be less than that of her husband's in their relationship. As for a possible "Full House" reunion Cameron Bure told The Huffington Post that fans of the show "would love to see that happen, so who knows?"
highlights: Candace Cameron Bure has written a new book . She says she loves "that my man is a leader" The actress says she and her husband are equal, but different .
id: dc9e61006c1e5689d6f8c99ef2703ac49659e308
chatgpt: Actress and author Candace Cameron Bure has returned to the publishing world with a new book titled "Kind Is the New Classy: The Power of Living Graciously". In a recent interview, she opened up about the inspiration behind her latest work. Throughout her career, Bure has been known for her strong principles and values, both on and off the screen. Her new book expands on the idea that it's not just about being "nice", but about being kind in all aspects of life. From the way we interact with ourselves to the way we treat others, Bure highlights the importance of having a gracious attitude. One topic that Bure addresses in the book is her relationship with her husband, former NHL player Valeri Bure. Although they've been married for over 20 years, Bure admits that their union is not without its challenges. However, she maintains that their differences only strengthen their bond. "I love that my man is a leader," Bure stated. "It doesn't mean that we're not equal, but we're different. And I think that's important for people to know." Bure has been a vocal Christian throughout her life and credits her faith for helping her maintain a successful marriage. She believes that placing God at the center of their relationship has been the key to staying committed to each other. In addition to her marriage, Bure offers advice on how to navigate other relationships in our lives. She encourages readers to be respectful, even in the face of conflict, and to always strive for understanding. "Kind Is the New Classy" seems to have struck a chord with readers, debuting at #8 on The New York Times Best Seller List in its first week of release. Bure, who has written several other books on topics ranging from parenting to faith, is thrilled with the response. "I feel like this is the book that people have been waiting for from me," she said. "It's really been an incredible journey and I'm just excited to see where it goes from here." As Bure continues to inspire readers with her latest work, she remains committed to being a role model for kindness and grace. Whether on the screen or in her writing, she proves that it's possible to live a successful and fulfilling life while still embodying these values.