article: Sarah Palin found a novel way to turn down an interview request from Piers Morgan on Friday, posting a picture on Facebook of a bear she had shot dead and a note saying she was busy. The former Alaska governor thanked chat show host Morgan for inviting her on his 'shambolic show' but added she was 'kind of busy right now'. The Facebook message, which had been liked by nearly 3,000 of Palin's supporters within two hours of it being posted, is part of an online spat between the pair after Morgan poked fun at her intellect. Thanks but no thanks: Sarah Palin used this picture of her with a bear she shot to send a message to Piers Morgan . Earlier in the week the host of Piers Morgan Live tweeted 'And she's back' and linked to a satirical article from the Daily Currant claiming Palin believed Jesus had celebrated Easter. According to conservative website Breitbart, Morgan was 'gleefully tweeting out a Currant story attacking Sarah Palin, without noting that the story was untrue'. Palin linked to the Breitbart article and, in another twist of the knife, added in her Facebook message: 'And to all our British friends: we ask, what did your friends across the pond ever do to you to deserve your Piers?' Feud: Palin was hitting back at Piers Morgan after he tweeted a link to a satirical article that poked fun at the former governor . Tweets: Morgan gave a tongue-in-cheek response to Palin turning down his interview request . Morgan was quick to respond to the picture, tweeting: 'Un-bear-able' before adding: 'Being called 'shambolic' by @SarahPalinUSA is most amusing. I wonder if she can see irony from her house?' The tweet was in reference to a Saturday Night Live skit of Palin during her vice-presidential campaign in 2008, when comedian Tina Fey, playing the Alaska governor, said: 'I can see Russia from my house'. Morgan has added that the invitation for Palin to appear on his show still stood.
highlights: Former governor refuses invite to go on 'shambolic' Piers Morgan Live show . Spat started after Morgan sent joke tweet claiming the former Alaska governor believed Jesus celebrated Easter .
id: 1d2f2e2ad95575a3a9fbb136c3e05d83ddbdccf4
chatgpt: Former Alaska governor and 2008 Republican vice-presidential nominee Sarah Palin has refused an invitation to appear on Piers Morgan Live after a Twitter dispute with the show's host, Piers Morgan. The feud began when Morgan sent a joke tweet suggesting that Palin believed Jesus celebrated Easter. Palin called the tweet "shambolic" and declined to appear on the show.  In a statement, Palin said she had been "invited to appear on the show to discuss various topics, including the ongoing debate over gun control." However, she said she had declined the invitation after Morgan's tweet. "I don't believe in giving television hosts like Piers Morgan a platform to spew their ignorance and hate," Palin said. "His tweet was a shambolic attempt at humor and I'm not going to dignify it with a response." Morgan responded to Palin's statement on Twitter, calling it "predictable." He said he stood by the joke tweet and accused Palin of "playing the victim." Palin has been a controversial figure in American politics since her nomination as John McCain's running mate in the 2008 presidential election. She has been a vocal supporter of gun rights and has frequently clashed with gun control advocates. The Piers Morgan Live show has also been a source of controversy. Morgan, a British journalist and television personality, has been a vocal advocate for gun control since the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting in 2012. His views have angered many gun rights activists who have called for him to be deported. The Twitter spat between Palin and Morgan represents the continued polarization of American politics and media. With both sides refusing to engage in dialogue and instead resorting to name-calling and insults, it is clear that the gun control debate will remain contentious for some time to come. The fallout from the feud remains to be seen, but for now it seems that Sarah Palin will not be making an appearance on Piers Morgan Live anytime soon.