article: Five people who had contact with a woman who died of an unusual strain of tuberculosis in far north Queensland have tested positive to a dormant version during screenings for the disease. Queensland Health on Tuesday confirmed the 32-year-old Cairns woman died from a multi-drug resistant strain of TB after being admitted to Cairns Hospital in September. Thirty people believed to have been in contact with the woman, who travelled regularly to the Torres Strait and Papua New Guinea, have already been tested by the Cairns TB Control Unit. Of those, five have returned a positive Mantoux test result. Five people have tested positive for tuberculosis (pictured) after coming in contact with a woman who died from an unusual strain of the disease . Thirty people were tested for TB (pictured) but five of them came back with positive results. But health officials say this does not mean that they are a risk to others . However health officials have been quick to point out this does not necessarily mean they are a risk to others. 'A positive Mantoux test simply indicates that a person may have been infected with TB at some point in their life,' said Dr Richard Gair from the Tropical Public Health Unit in Cairns. 'It does not indicate that the infection was acquired from a particular person. Dr Gair said patients with an inactive form of TB, called latent TB, were not infectious. 'It is not possible to get TB from someone with latent tuberculosis,' he said. 'The main risk of latent TB is that some patients may go on to develop active TB at a later stage in their lives.' Twenty more people who have come in contact with the woman, who had been in close contact with another patient who died of TB last year, are still yet to be tested. The woman, who travelled regularly to the Torres Strait and Papua New Guinea, was admitted to Cairns Hospital in September .
highlights: The 32-year-old woman from Cairns - far north of Queensland - died from the unusual strain of tuberculosis . The woman, who travelled regularly to the Torres Strait and Papua New Guinea, was admitted to Cairns Hospital in September . Thirty people believed to have been in contact with the woman have been tested . Five of them returned a positive Mantoux test result . But health officials say it does not mean they are a risk to others .
id: 3526c5b852fb9ceaf04ac14ee56beb5c12b532a6
chatgpt: A 32-year-old woman from Cairns, located in the far north of Queensland, has died from an unusual strain of tuberculosis. She was admitted to Cairns Hospital in September. The woman had a history of regularly travelling to the Torres Strait and Papua New Guinea. The cause of her death was confirmed by Queensland Health officials on Friday. Following the woman's death, health officials have tested 30 people who are believed to have been in contact with her. While five of them have returned a positive Mantoux test result, authorities have reassured the public that this does not necessarily mean they are at risk of developing tuberculosis. Queensland Health's Dr Claire Streeter said that a positive Mantoux test result "does not necessarily mean that someone has active tuberculosis or that they could develop active tuberculosis". She added that further testing would be carried out to determine if the five people who tested positive for the Mantoux test are indeed at risk of developing the disease. Tuberculosis, also known as TB, is a contagious bacterial infection that typically affects the lungs. While it is rare in developed countries, it is more common in developing countries, including Papua New Guinea. The disease spreads through the air when an infected person coughs or sneezes. Queensland Health is reminding the public that the risk of developing tuberculosis is low, and that the disease can be treated with a course of antibiotics. Symptoms of tuberculosis can include coughing, fever, night sweats, and weight loss. Anyone who may have been in contact with the woman or who is experiencing symptoms of TB is advised to seek medical attention immediately. Local authorities are urging the public to remain calm and to take sensible precautions to prevent the spread of infectious disease. This includes washing hands regularly, covering coughs and sneezes with a tissue or elbow, and avoiding close contact with people who are sick.  The tragic death of this young woman from an unusual strain of tuberculosis serves as a stark reminder of the importance of taking care of our health, particularly when travelling to regions where infectious diseases are more prevalent.