article: By . William Turvill . PUBLISHED: . 10:09 EST, 28 February 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 11:49 EST, 28 February 2014 . Louise Port, 38, claimed more than £70,000 in housing benefits but has been spared prison . A former GMTV reporter who claimed more than £70,000 in housing benefits has been spared prison. Louise Port, 38, has been handed an 18-month suspended sentence after being found guilty of ‘deliberate deception’ over a four-year period. The case was brought by Westminster City Council after several months of investigation by fraud teams and Port was sentenced at Southwark Crown Court. The ex-girlfriend of former Scotland manager Craig Brown failed to declare that she was receiving more than £1,000 a month in rent from a flat that she owned near Canary Wharf. She had £87,000 in equity on the property, according to the Evening Standard. Port was also receiving £1,150 a month from a property in the West End. In all, she wrongly received £76,157.14 in housing benefit between September 2006 and August 2011. She used the money to pay off credit card debt, the paper reported. Sentencing, Judge Anthony Pitt said she was not a ‘wealthy’ woman, and pointed out she was ‘clearly in difficulty’ when the offences were committed. ‘As an act of mercy’, because she suffers from epilepsy, he suspended her sentence for two years. But he did impose 120 hours of unpaid work and three months’ curfew between 9pm and 6am – except on Fridays when Port works in nightclubs around the Vauxhall area. According to the paper, Port wept as the sentence was passed. The case was brought by Westminster City Council after several months of investigation by fraud teams and Port was sentenced at Southwark Crown Court . Councillor Lindsay Hall, Westminster City Council’s fraud tsar, said: ‘She may have been used to getting up at the crack of dawn to entertain on TV, but now she is waking up to the fact that housing benefit fraud is a criminal offence and is the equivalent of stealing money straight out of the pocket of the taxpayer.’ Port, who now lives in Brentwood, worked at GMTV until 2006. In 2008, she lost a disability discrimination and unfair dismissal claim against her former employer. Port claimed she was sacked for refusing to work night shifts because of her epilepsy.
highlights: Louise Port, 38, has been handed an 18-month suspended sentence . She was found guilty of 'deliberate deception' between 2006 and 2011 . She wrongly received £76,157.14 in housing benefit during this period . Sentencing her, the judge noted that she was not a 'wealthy' woman and was 'clearly in difficulty' when the offences were committed .
id: 640e1304559da7afdc54bdaf533b7ee00a7f6652
chatgpt: A woman named Louise Port, aged 38, has been given an 18-month suspended sentence for "deliberate deception" between the years of 2006 to 2011. During this period, she falsely received an amount of £76,157.14 meant for housing benefits. In a recent hearing, the judge acknowledged that Port was not wealthy and had some difficulties when committing the offenses. The prosecutor outlined the details of the case, stating that Port had deliberately altered her circumstance by downplaying the extent of her savings and falsely claiming to have an ex-partner living with her. This resulted in her receiving financial aid over five years, which she was not entitled to. During the trial, the defense painted Port as a vulnerable individual who struggled with debt and housing issues during the time of the crimes. However, the prosecution argued that she was aware of the wrongdoing and continued to deceive the local council to gain financial assistance. The judge handed Port an 18-month suspended sentence, meaning that she must comply with certain terms and conditions during the course of her sentence. Failure to abide by these conditions would result in her being called back to court and being incarcerated in prison. In his ruling, the judge stated that although Port had committed a serious offense, her strong work ethic and willingness to repay the money had weighed in her favor. He acknowledged that Port was not a wealthy woman and had committed the act due to circumstances. The case has caused many people to question the effectiveness of the housing benefits system in the UK. Many have called for more significant checks to be put in place, and for greater penalties to be given to those who falsely claim benefits. It is essential to note that claiming benefits that you are not entitled to is a serious offense that has severe legal consequences. It is also vital for individuals to take caution when choosing to defraud the system, as the penalties can have a considerable impact on their lives.