article: Wasting money: Eric Pickles says translating is doing more harm than good by holding people back from integrating into society . Eric Pickles has attacked a council for spending nearly £700,000 on translation services for immigrants. The Communities Secretary said the money should have been spent on frontline services and keeping the council tax down in Sheffield. The council spent £555,331 on face-to-face and phone translation from 2011 to 2014, and £131,785 on documents. Some of the 44 languages translated include little-used Dari, Karen, Lingala, Oromo and Tigrinya. In 2013, Mr Pickles told all councils to stop translating documents as it was rarely needed and discouraged migrants from learning English. He said: 'The Government guidance I've issued is crystal clear, councils should stop wasting taxpayers' money by translating into foreign languages. 'Translation holds people back from integrating into British society - if they can't speak English, they're not going to get on in life. 'This shows how political correctness does more harm than good. The money used can be used to protect frontline services and keep council tax down. 'Such translation services have an unintentional, adverse impact on integration by reducing the incentive for some migrant communities to learn English and are wasteful where many members of these communities already speak or understand English.' Sheffield Council said the costs mostly relate to services it has to legally provide, like child protection and housing, and translating leaflets was not standard practice. A council spokesman said the bulk of its costs are linked to providing services that it has to provide by law. Frontline services: Communities secretary Eric Pickles has attacked Sheffield City Council for spending nearly £700,000 on translation services for immigrants at the expense of frontline services . 'Whilst we have reduced the costs of providing interpretation significantly in recent years under law we are required to ensure that children are safeguarded and where interpretation is needed to do this we have to provide it to ensure we have met our obligations. 'We restrict translation and interpretation services to essential matters such as signs up and serving legal notices. We always review how we can reduce our costs and this is something we have been doing for some time. 'We do not print leaflets in different languages as standard practice.'
highlights: Some of 44 languages include Dari, Lingala, Tigrinya and Oromo . Sheffield City Council insists bill has 'reduced significantly' in recent years . It spent £555,331 on oral translation between 2011 and 2014 . Tory MP thinks money would be better spent on frontline services .
id: d70b0b2dddefc0497e92b7cc3b8d6aef4fa6ae2c
chatgpt: Sheffield City Council has been criticised for spending £555,331 on oral translation between 2011 and 2014, with Conservative MP Lee Rowley claiming the money could be better spent on frontline services. The council, however, insists that the bill has "reduced significantly" in recent years. The translation services were offered in a total of 44 languages, including Dari, Lingala, Tigrinya and Oromo. The council has not commented on why those particular languages were chosen for translation services. According to Rowley, the council's spending priorities are misplaced. He said: "It's important that we support people who are trying to integrate into our society, but there must be a limit to what we can spend, and when frontline services are being cut, it is right to question whether this is the best use of public money." However, the council argues that the translation services are a vital resource for many of Sheffield's residents. A spokesperson said: "We have a diverse community in Sheffield, with many people who speak English as a second language. Our translation services help to ensure that everyone has access to the same services and opportunities. "While we have reduced our spending on translation services in recent years, they are still an important part of our commitment to equality and inclusion." The council did not specify how much it currently spends on translation services or how the costs have been reduced. Translation services are not unique to Sheffield, with many local authorities across the UK providing similar services. However, with councils facing significant budget cuts, spending on non-essential services is under increasing scrutiny. The debate raises questions about the balance between providing essential services and ensuring that all residents have equal access to those services, regardless of their language capabilities. While Sheffield City Council maintains that the reduction in spending on translation services indicates that they are being mindful of their spending, critics argue that greater scrutiny should be applied to non-essential services in the face of increasing financial challenges.