article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . UPDATED: . 14:11 EST, 8 September 2011 . FBI agents today raided the headquarters of California solar panel manufacturer Solyndra, which received more than $500 million in federal loan guarantees before filing for bankruptcy last week. The search comes amid intensifying pressure on the Obama administration, which championed Solyndra as being at the forefront of solar technology when President Barack Obama visited the company's Fremont, California, facility in 2010. 'We are executing search warrants at Solyndra regarding a joint FBI and Department of Energy Office of Inspector General investigation,' Julianne Sohn of the FBI said. Raided: An FBI agent stands outside of Solyndra headquarters in Fremont, California . DOE officials confirmed the search but declined to give any additional information. Solyndra filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection this week. The company received a $535 million loan guarantee from the federal government in 2009 and raised more than $700 million in venture capital funding in recent years. The company said it could not bring down its costs fast enough to compete with cheaper Chinese rivals, and it is currently seeking a buyer. Solyndra spokesman Dave Miller said agents were collecting documents but the company did not know the reason for the search. Supporter: President Obama was given a tour of the solar power company's factory in 2010 . Investigation: FBI agents,left, speak with an unidentified Solyndra worker, right, at Solyndra headquarters . Company executives were on the premises but were not likely to make a statement, he said. 'It certainly was a shock this morning to arrive and see the FBI here this morning,' he said. The assumption was that the search was related to the loan guarantees, Mr Miller said. Also today, House of Representatives Democrats Henry Waxman of the Energy and Commerce Committee and Diana DeGette of the Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee called on the subcommittee's chairman, Cliff Stearns, to invite Solyndra Chief Executive Brian Harrison to testify at a September 14 hearing on the Solyndra loan guarantee. In a letter to Stearns, Waxman and DeGette said Harrison met with the Energy and Commerce Committee less than two months ago and said at the time that Solyndra 'was in a strong financial position and in no danger of failing'.
highlights: 'The future is here' said Obama on visit to firm in 2010 .
id: 9bc79420157998bc326ef2816e738184f4b367ae
chatgpt: Former US President Barack Obama declared that the future had arrived during a visit to a technology firm in 2010. Speaking at the headquarters of Applied Materials in Santa Clara, California, the President noted that he had seen firsthand the many innovative technologies being developed by the company's engineers. Obama praised the work being done by the company, saying that it exemplified the American spirit of innovation and entrepreneurship. He praised the company's commitment to research and development, noting that such efforts were essential to maintaining the country's economic competitiveness. Applied Materials is a leading manufacturer of high-tech equipment used in the production of computer chips and other electronic devices. The firm, founded in 1967, has long been at the forefront of the technology industry, with a track record of developing cutting-edge materials and processes that have helped drive the industry forward. During his visit, Obama toured the firm's labs and met with employees, many of whom are leading experts in their fields. He noted that the work being done by companies like Applied Materials was critical to the nation's economic prosperity. "Your work is helping to create the jobs and industries of the future," he said. "This is where the future is being made." The President also spoke about the importance of investing in education and research, noting that these were key drivers of innovation and economic growth. He reiterated his commitment to doubling the nation's investment in basic research over the next decade, calling it a necessary step to keep America competitive in the global economy. Obama ended his speech by urging Americans to embrace the future and continue to push the boundaries of what is possible. He noted that the United States had always been a nation of pioneers and risk-takers, and that it was this spirit of innovation that had made the country great. "The future is here, and it's up to us to make the most of it," he said. "Let's make sure that America remains at the forefront of the technology-driven economy of the 21st century."