article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 00:09 EST, 25 February 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 05:38 EST, 25 February 2014 . Polish investigators have claimed they found green and rotting meat at an Irish meat processor, according to report. Th group were in Ireland investigating the horsemeat scandal when they claim they made the discovery. A report published on a newspaper website said that the chief veterinary officer for Poland compiled a 30-page report after a formal visit by inspectors to Irish plants implicated in the horsemeat scandal. Rotting and destined for burgers: Photograph showing meat detained at the Irish burger manufacturer . The meat processor said the meat had deteriorated while being moved and unpacked for testing . It states that rotten meat was found at the giant Silvercrest factory in Co. Monaghan.  The report contained photographs of the spoiled meat. Polish investigators claim, according to the Guardian, it was destined for burgers but must have been unfit for human consumption all along. ‘What I saw was clearly unfit for human consumption. It was part of a bigger consignment but I was told the rest of it had already been used,’ inspector Katarzyna Piskorz said. A report states that rotten meat was found at the giant Silvercrest factory in Co. Monaghan . ‘I asked why the factory managers had not noticed the state of it, but was told they had not seen any problem.’ The Polish report explains how inspectors examined eight pallets of meat from a delivery of 22 pallets that had been destined for burger production. ABP told the newspaper the meat and its packaging had deteriorated as it had been stored in a refrigerated lorry for three weeks under quarantine conditions – rather than those for meat intended for the food chain. The meat processor said the meat had deteriorated while being moved and unpacked for testing. All the meat arriving at the factory had the correct documents on arrival and would have been tested, it said. ABP insisted none of the meat in the consignment had left its plant or entered the food chain.
highlights: Rotten meat 'was found at the giant Silvercrest factory in Co. Monaghan' Factory said meat deteriorated while moved and unpacked for testing . Inspectors examined eight pallets of meat from a delivery of 22 pallets that had been destined for burger production .
id: 52bcc23105015ff66a3dd9cab88e4157696dd824
chatgpt: Rotten meat has been discovered at the Silvercrest factory in Co. Monaghan, according to reports. Inspectors who visited the facility reportedly found eight pallets of meat that had begun to deteriorate, out of a delivery of 22 pallets that had been set to be used in burger production. The factory insists that the decay occurred after the meat had been unpacked and was being evaluated for testing. According to a statement from the company, the meat had been in transit for several days, and the delay had affected the quality of the meat. The Irish Food Safety Authority (FSAI) visited the factory for an inspection following the discovery of the poor-quality meat. Speaking to reporters, an FSAI spokesperson declined to comment on the findings of the inspection, stating only that the matter was being dealt with. Silvercrest has been in the headlines before for similar reasons. In 2013, the company was found to have used horsemeat in its burgers. At the time, the scandal was dubbed the "horsemeat scandal," and it resulted in the recall of millions of burgers across Europe. This latest incident is likely to raise concerns about the quality of meat that is being processed in Ireland. The country is known for its high standards of food production, but this discovery will be seen as a sign that all is not well in the industry. There is likely to be speculation about the reasons behind the discovery of the rotten meat. Some will suggest that it is a result of cost-cutting measures, while others will point the finger at the regulators who are supposed to oversee the production process. Whatever the reasons, it is clear that the discovery of rotten meat at a major factory like Silvercrest is a cause for concern. Consumers will be hoping that regulators take the necessary steps to ensure that this kind of thing does not happen again, and that the standards of food production in Ireland remain as high as ever.