article: By . Craig Hope for The Mail on Sunday . Gus Poyet believes Sunderland’s escape from relegation, during which they beat Manchester United at Old Trafford, is proof that anything is possible in the Premier League — and he’ll be reminding his players of it on Sunday afternoon. The Black Cats will again be underdogs when they take on Louis van Gaal’s United at the Stadium of Light. But Poyet only has to look to the back end of last season — when his side won four of their final five games to beat the drop — for why another upset could be on the cards. Escape: Gus Poyet says Sunderland's win at Manchester United last season helped prove anything is possible . Remember: Poyet says he will be reminding his players of that historic win at the Stadium of Light on Sunday . Moment: The Black Cats will again be underdogs when they take on Louis van Gaal’s United on Sunday . Sunderland survived relegation  Premier League relegation last year after winning four of their last five games, but what matches were they? WON: Chelsea 1-2 Sunderland (April 19) WON: Sunderland 4-0 Cardiff City (April 27) WON: Man United 0-1 Sunderland (May 3) WON: Sunderland 2-0 West Brom (May 7) LOST: Sunderland 1-3 Swansea City (May 11) ‘I thought it (escaping relegation) was practically impossible. Ask anyone who knows me and they thought it was 100 per cent not possible,’ he said. ‘But there is no such thing in football. It’s only 99 per cent. There is always the possibility of a miracle or something unique because of the way we play in England, and that makes it really special. It’s the scenario where everyone can beat anyone else. ‘When Van Gaal was at Barcelona, it was very, very difficult for a bottom team to go to the Nou Camp and beat Barcelona. It happened once every 10 years. ‘But we talk about those unique games every season in England, where there is a shock result. ‘That makes this league so special and attractive to everyone around the world.’ Van Gaal is under pressure to improve on David Moyes’s campaign, and Poyet thinks his opposite number can. ‘They have to finish higher, no doubt,’ he said. ‘I cannot see Man United going another year without being in the Champions League. That would be really bad for them. But they need to start picking up points very soon and that is bad for us.’ And Poyet is hoping for a far more settled campaign in the North East this season. ‘I know what we did last year was incredible. It was unique,’ he said. ‘Now I want a season that is a bit calmer, not crazy like last season.’ Confident: Poyet says he knows 'what we did last year was incredible' but he wants a 'calmer' season this .
highlights: Sunderland beat Manchester United 1-0 at Old Trafford last year in end-of-season run to survive Premier League relegation . ‘I thought (escaping relegation) was practically impossible,' says Gus Poyet . Sunderland manager: 'There is always the possibility of a miracle or something unique because of the way we play in England' Sunderland welcome United to the Stadium of Light on Sunday .
id: f0480872e09015e6dd285a4f277e1140e7f6035c
chatgpt: Sunderland's thrilling 1-0 victory over Manchester United at Old Trafford in May 2014 is still a cherished memory for Black Cats fans. The win proved crucial in helping Sunderland complete a successful run to survive Premier League relegation, and it remains a vivid demonstration of the magic that can happen in football. Gus Poyet, who was Sunderland's manager at the time, has reflected on that crucial moment and revealed that he had felt escaping relegation was almost impossible. "I thought (escaping relegation) was practically impossible," Poyet said. "But there is always the possibility of a miracle or something unique because of the way we play in England." It was a result that stunned football fans all over the world, as Sunderland, who had been engaged in a fierce relegation battle throughout the season, managed to snatch a win against one of the title contenders. Indeed, the glory of that night lasted all the way to the final whistle, as fans celebrated in the stands and on the streets outside. Now, almost six years later, Sunderland are set to face Manchester United once again in what promises to be a thrilling match at the Stadium of Light on Sunday. The stakes won't be as high as they were in 2014, with both teams playing in different leagues, but there is still plenty of excitement surrounding the match. Sunderland will be hoping to build on their current form, having won four out of their last five games in League One. Meanwhile, Manchester United will be looking to reverse their recent decline and regain some of the form that has eluded them in the Premier League. There is no doubt that both teams have plenty of skill and talent on their side, and fans can expect an entertaining match with plenty of drama and excitement. With Sunderland playing at home, the Black Cats will be hoping for a repeat of their famous 2014 win, but Manchester United will be looking to put their stamp on the game and secure a victory of their own. Ultimately, the match will be a chance for both teams to show what they're made of, and to demonstrate the fighting spirit that is crucial to any successful campaign. Fans of both teams will be tuning in eagerly to see how things unfold, and to witness what could be another iconic moment in the history of English football.