article: It seems that Urban Meyer's good luck has finally run out. A little over a month after leading the Ohio State Buckeyes to the national championship, Meyer is stuck at sea on a cruise ship with thousands of college football fans. This as he was the guest of honor at an annual cancer fundraiser. The ship was forced to circle the waters for 24 hours before docking in Tampa Tuesday night. Scroll down for video . Ohio State football coach Urban Meyer (above) and thousands of Buckeye football fans are stuck at sea off the coast of Florida . Heavy fog (above) has caused the port of Tampa to shut down, and the boat has been circling the waters in the Gulf of Mexico . Meyer and the fans are on the Royal Caribbean ship Brilliance of the Seas (above) for a cancer fundraiser . The Royal Caribbean ship Brilliance of the Seas was expected to dock on Monday, but due to severe fog it had been forced to wait in the waters off Florida as Tampa had to close its port. This however did not seem to be bother any of the 2,160 guests on board. 'We’re all Buckeyes, we’re all from Ohio,' Lanne Bennett told ABC News. 'We’ve weathered worse things.' She also added that the trip has 'been absolutely amazing.' There is certainly plenty to do on board as well, with six pools for guests, 16 bars and lounges and over 100 spa treatments. Food and water are also not a problem, as the ship has plenty, and should anything happen the captain would be able to bring the ship to another port. Guests will be able to spend the night on board Tuesday and leave Wednesday. This comes just one year after 689 of 4,237 passengers and crew became very ill while aboard the Royal Caribbean ship Explorer of the Seas due to an outbreak of norovirus. That ship docked two days early, and guests were given 50percent of their money back. Brilliance of the Seas was previously in the news when in 2005 a guest is believed to have fallen off of one of the balconies and died, a case which the company settled for $1million.
highlights: Ohio State football coach Urban Meyer and thousands of Buckeye football fans are stuck at sea off the coast of Florida . Heavy fog has caused the port of Tampa to shut down, and the boat has been circling the waters in the Gulf of Mexico . The ship, which was supposed to return on Monday, is expected to be back in Tuesday night . Meyer and the fans are on the Royal Caribbean ship Brilliance of the Seas for a cancer fundraiser .
id: 5112c3fb03c3e382e0a502d492015845eff1f3c9
chatgpt: It's not often that a charity fundraiser turns into an unexpected adventure, but that's exactly what happened to Ohio State football coach, Urban Meyer and other fans of the Buckeyes. The group set sail on the Royal Caribbean ship Brilliance of the Seas with the hope of raising money for cancer research, but they didn't anticipate getting stranded in the Gulf of Mexico. The journey began like any other charity event, with excitement and anticipation for the cause. However, heavy fog in Tampa caused the port to shut down, leaving the vessel with no choice but to circle the waters. Although some may have found the delay frustrating, Meyer and the fans remained in good spirits, enjoying the amenities on board the ship. The event was initially slated to end on Monday, but due to the unforeseen circumstances, the ship's return has been delayed by a day. It's now expected to dock on Florida's west coast on Tuesday evening. While it may have seemed like an eternity in the open waters, the fundraiser appears to have raised a considerable amount of money and will benefit a great cause. The situation, while not ideal, gave passengers the opportunity to bond with one another and make memories they will never forget. Although they were not able to return as scheduled, the group remained thankful for the chance to connect and help those in need. While the exact amount of money raised is unclear at this time, it's clear that the passengers of the Brilliance of the Seas have made a significant contribution to fighting cancer. Meyer and his fellow Buckeyes can feel accomplished for using their love of football to make a positive impact on the world, even in the face of adversity. As the fundraiser concludes, the group can look back on their time stranded at sea with both amusement and gratitude. This unexpected journey has allowed them to bond with one another and raise awareness for a cause near and dear to their hearts. The unforeseen delays may have been frustrating, but in the end, they were able to turn what could have been a stressful situation into a memorable experience.