article: (CNN) -- Sebastian Vettel closed on his third straight F1 world title with a dominant drive to win the Indian Grand Prix for Red Bull Sunday. The 25-year-old German was claiming his fourth consecutive victory in this year's championship and the 26th of his career. Ferrari's Fernando Alonso showed his famed fighting qualities to take second place, limiting his losses in the title race, but he still trails Vettel by 13 points with three races to go. Vettel's teammate Mark Webber held off a fast finishing Lewis Hamilton in the McLaren for third place. But all the focus was on the leading pair and Vettel is fully aware that his main rival will still be a factor in the concluding races. "Yes, maybe I have one hand on the trophy, if you say so, but on the other side, I think Fernando has one hand on it too!" he told the official post-race media conference. "It is not easy to fight Red Bull but we will never give up," said Spain's Alonso. "We lost points, but this is what we expected this weekend as we are not fast enough, but we lost minimum points and there will be better races to come," he added. Vettel took control of the race from pole at the Buddh International Circuit, while Alonso worked his way from fifth on the grid to third in the early stages as he moved past the McLaren pair of Hamilton and Jenson Button. Alonso was able to take advantage of late technical problems for Webber to overtake the Australian for second place, but was still nearly 10 seconds adrift of Vettel by the finish. Button drove a solid race for fifth, with Felipe Massa in sixth in the second Ferrari ahead of Kimi Raikkonen of Lotus. Nico Hulkenberg of Force India, Romain Grosjean in the second Lotus and Bruno Senna for Williams rounded out the points scoring. Vettel has 240 points with Alonso on 227 with Raikkonen a distant third on 173. Vettel has helped Red Bull to a massive 91 point lead in the constructors' title race from Ferrari, with McLaren a further 10 points adrift.
highlights: Sebastian Vettel wins Indian Grand Prix in New Delhi . Fourth straight victory for reigning two-time champion . Fernando Alonso finishes second to trail Vettel by 13 points in title race . Vettel's Red Bull teammate Mark Webber in third .
id: 45706682ac73f6cfb6012d08ac713e3175511556
chatgpt: Sebastian Vettel, the reigning two-time world champion, added another victory to his already impressive resume by winning the Indian Grand Prix in New Delhi on Sunday. It was Vettel's fourth straight victory and his fourth win in a row at Buddh International Circuit. Vettel's domination of the Indian Grand Prix was evident from the beginning. He secured pole position in qualifying, and then led the race from start to finish, never giving his competitors a chance to challenge him. His Red Bull team-mate, Mark Webber, finished in third place, behind Fernando Alonso of Ferrari, who finished in second place. The Indian Grand Prix victory was the seventh win of the season for Vettel, and it helped him extend his lead in the Formula One drivers' championship race. He currently leads his closest rival, Alonso, by 13 points with three races left in the season. Despite his dominance this season, Vettel remains humble and focused on improving. "It's a great feeling, but I'm not thinking too much about the championship," Vettel said after his win. "There are still many races to go and anything can happen. We need to keep pushing hard and improving every race." Vettel's team-mate, Mark Webber, was happy to finish on the podium, but was disappointed not to have challenged for the win. "We didn't have the pace to match Sebastian today," Webber said. "But we'll go back to the factory and work on the car to come back stronger for the next race." Fernando Alonso, who finished second and remains Vettel's closest rival in the title race, was pleased with his performance but also acknowledged the gap between himself and Vettel. "Second place is a good result for us, but Sebastian was just too quick today," Alonso said. "We need to keep fighting and hope that we can close the gap in the remaining races." The next race on the Formula One calendar will take place in Abu Dhabi on November 3rd. With just three races left in the season, the championship battle between Vettel and Alonso is expected to go down to the wire.