article: (CNN) -- Marin Cilic has fought many battles on the court but the Croatian star may face his biggest fight in the court when he appeals against his nine month doping ban. Currently ranked 24th in the world, Cilic tested positive for the stimulant nikethamide at the Munich Open in Germany last April and will not return to action until February 1, 2014. The 24-year-old, who has had the ban backdated to May 1 this year, told an independent tribunal that the nikethamide had entered his system after he took Coramine glucose tablets which had been purchased on his behalf. Cilic will now appeal against the decision by taking his case to the Court of Arbitration for Sport, claiming he was not aware that the Coramine tablets contained a banned substance. "The substance in question originated from a glucose tablet purchased at a pharmacy in France," Cilic said in a statement Monday. "Unbeknownst to me, the glucose tablets contained a substance that is banned in competition. "I wish to emphasize that I have never knowingly or deliberately taken any banned substances in my life and that I am opposed to any use of performance enhancing substances in sport." The tribunal accepted that Cilic "did not intend to enhance his performance" by taking the substance, and ruled he will instead serve a reduced ban of nine months. Cilic, who has not competed since withdrawing from Wimbledon citing a knee injury, has had his results at the Munich Open expunged and has forfeited both the prize money and rankings points from the event. The Croatian reached a career high of No.9 in the world in 2010 after reaching the semifinals of that year's Australian Open. Cilic is the fourth tennis player to be hit with a ban for drug violations in 2013. Serbia's Viktor Troicki was suspended by the ITF for 18 months in July after being found guilty of failing to provide a blood sample during April's Monte Carlo's Masters. But Serbian Troicki has vowed to appeal the decision after alleging the doctor conducting the blood test allowed him to miss the procedure. In May, Brazil's Fernando Romboli tested positive for diuretics, furosemide and hydrochlorothiazide which resulted in him being handed an eight-and-a-half month ban. In February, Czech player Barbora Zahlavova Strycova received a six month ban after testing positive for sibutramine, a substance which is often found in weight loss products. The ITF has stepped up its fight against drugs cheats since announcing its plan to introduce biological passports in March. Each player will have an individual electronic biological profile and be tested more regularly to monitor their levels and alert the authorities to possible drug use.
highlights: Marin Cilic has been hit with a nine-month ban after testing positive for banned substance . Traces of Nikethamide found in Croatian's urine sample taken last April . Suspension backdated to May 1 which means he can return on February 1 2014 . Cilic will take case to the Court of Arbitration for Sport .
id: 94594d7bd0cd9ea4724f862bc37df3b96d157cc9
chatgpt: Marin Cilic, the Croatian tennis player, has been suspended for nine months after testing positive for a banned substance. The substance in question, Nikethamide, was found in a urine sample taken back in April of this year. The ban has been backdated to May 1st, which means Cilic will be eligible to return to the court on February 1st, 2014.  This news has come as a shocking surprise to the tennis world. Cilic, who is currently ranked number 24 in the world, has been one of the most consistent players on the ATP Tour in recent years. He was expected to compete in a number of significant tournaments in the coming months but, with this ban, those plans are now on hold. In a statement released by his team, Cilic expressed disappointment at the outcome of the hearing but also confirmed that he would be taking the case to the Court of Arbitration for Sport. He maintains that he did not knowingly take any banned substances and is confident that the evidence will prove his innocence. The news of Cilic's ban has caused quite a stir in the tennis community. Many have expressed their surprise and disappointment at the outcome of the hearing. Some have suggested that the ATP needs to do more to educate players about the dangers of taking banned substances and to ensure that they are fully aware of what they are putting into their bodies. Others have speculated about what this means for Cilic's future in the sport. With a nine-month ban, he will miss a significant portion of the upcoming season. This will undoubtedly have an impact on his ranking and may affect his ability to secure sponsorship deals and attract top-tier coaches. Cilic is not the first tennis player to be caught up in a doping scandal. Andy Murray, Novak Djokovic, and Rafael Nadal have all faced accusations in the past. However, this latest incident will only serve to further highlight the need for stricter regulations and more rigorous testing in the world of professional tennis. For the time being, Cilic's fans will have to wait until February 1st to see him back on the court. In the meantime, the tennis world will continue to speculate about the outcome of his appeal and what this means for his future in the sport.