article: (CNN) -- The mother who made national headlines when she confronted a former Pennsylvania judge, sentenced for a scheme to make millions off unjustly incarcerating young people, said Sunday she feels that she got justice. "It's justice in the sense that he is going to pay for what we've been dealing with for the last eight years," Sandy Fonzo told CNN's Don Lemon. "True justice I don't think there could ever be. He'll never live the sentence that I'll live with for the rest of my life -- can't bring my son back," she said. Ciavarella sentenced to 28 years . Former Luzerne County Judge Mark Ciavarella was sentenced to 28 years in prison and ordered to pay about $1 million in restitution last week for his part in the so-called kids for cash scandal. Ciavarella was found guilty in February of 12 of 39 racketeering and fraud charges for accepting millions of dollars in bribes from friends who owned detention centers to which he sent juveniles. The case made national headlines when Ciavarella was confronted by Fonzo outside a courtroom after his conviction. Fonzo's 17-year-old son, Edward Kenzakowski, spent months in detention after Ciavarella sentenced him for possession of drug paraphernalia. According to Fonzo, her son, who had no prior record, was never able to recover and eventually took his own life. "He was never the same," she told Lemon. "He went in a young boy, a young, spirited boy, and came out a pent-up, angry man and it just escalated." She said in February she came to the courthouse believing Ciavarella would be taken straight to jail. But when she found out he was going home and would not be sentenced until later, she was shocked and angered, and began shouting at Ciavarella. Fonzo's confrontation was captured by television cameras. "Do you remember me?" Fonzo screamed lunging toward Ciavarella, "Do you remember my son?" she screamed again. "He's gone," she cried, "He shot himself in the heart, you scumbag!"
highlights: Former juvenile judge Mark Ciavarella was sentenced to 28 years in prison . Sandy Fonzo says her son killed himself after receiving an unjust sentence from Ciavarella . "He was never the same," she says about her son after his detention .
id: 7606c407e260a9c7d475b93df7c75831b7338fb9
chatgpt: Mark Ciavarella, a former juvenile judge from Pennsylvania, has been sentenced to an appalling 28 years in prison. Ciavarella was found guilty of receiving kickbacks for unjustly sentencing juveniles to detention centers. The case has caused widespread outrage, with many families of affected children calling for a harsh penalty for Ciavarella. Sandy Fonzo, the mother of one such child, has publicly spoken out about her own son's tragic fate. Fonzo's son, Edward Kenzakoski, was sentenced by Ciavarella for a minor offense and was sent to a detention center. It was during his time at the center that Kenzakoski was subjected to intense abuse, both physically and mentally. "Mark Ciavarella destroyed my son's life," Fonzo said. "He was never the same after he came out of that detention center. He was a kind and loving person, but Ciavarella turned him into a shell of his former self." Kenzakoski was released from the detention center but was never able to fully recover from the trauma he experienced there. "He couldn't sleep at night," Fonzo explained. "He was always jumpy and scared. He had lost all his trust in people." Eventually, Kenzakoski took his own life. Fonzo blames Ciavarella entirely for her son's death. "He sentenced my child to hell," she said. "And when my child came back, he was never the same. Mark Ciavarella is responsible for my son's death." Ciavarella's sentence marks the end of a long and difficult legal battle. The former judge was convicted of racketeering, money laundering, and other charges related to his role in the pay-to-play scheme that saw him receive kickbacks for detaining children. Despite his protests of innocence, Ciavarella has finally been brought to justice. The families of affected children hope that Ciavarella's sentence will serve as a warning to other judges and officials who would use their power for personal gain. And while it may be too late for Edward Kenzakoski, his mother hopes that her son's tragic story will help prevent other children from being subjected to similar injustice in the future.