article: By . Shari Miller . PUBLISHED: . 10:50 EST, 31 January 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 11:30 EST, 31 January 2014 . A pit bull puppy that was horrifically tortured by having both ears and its right hind leg cut off, is hoping to be given a new lease of life thanks to a prosthetic limb. The now seven-month-old puppy, named 'Miss Harper', was found riddled with injuries in September and taken in by the Nassau County Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals. Since then, the 'sweet' natured dog has been receiving care at My Pets Vet in Huntington. Tortured: Miss Harper was found with both ears missing and her right hind leg cut off . Despite her obvious disability, Miss Harper happily runs and plays just like any other dog, but practice manager Donna Kramer believes she may be a good candidate for receiving an artificial leg. She told WCBS 880: 'We’re going to look to get her a . prosthetic now to see if that’s something that she can live with. We . hope that it is.' Miss Harper's extensive injuries will require further treatment and surgeries in the months to come and the Nassau SPCA has asked for the public to help donate towards this via its website. Nassau SPCA Detective Bob Sowers said: 'She had severe infections and needed some expensive care. 'We are asking the public and animal . lovers to help us in our efforts to raise funds for the needed surgeries . and care this poor puppy faces.' The Nassau County SPCA is also hoping to find a new owner for Miss Harper, preferably someone with experience of pit bulls and who lives locally, so that she is close to the veterinary practice for her continuing treatment. Meanwhile, the SPCA has been working with the New York State Attorney General's Office to discover who was responsible for inflicting the injuries on Miss Harper.
highlights: Dog found with extensive injuries, including to her right hind leg . Vets believe she may be a good candidate for a prosthetic limb . Investigation underway to find person responsible for puppy's injuries . Vets hope to raise funds and find a new owner for Miss Harper .
id: afdebe380a7438cb537a95b9f0035ec7ea2c7930
chatgpt: A sweet little dog, Miss Harper, was found in heartbreaking condition last week. The poor pup was discovered with extensive injuries all over her tiny frame, including a painful wound to her right hind leg. Vets who treated her at Brookville Animal Hospital believe she may be a good candidate for a prosthetic limb, which could significantly improve her quality of life. The veterinarians caring for Miss Harper are keeping a close eye on her and doing everything in their power to mitigate her pain and discomfort. Despite her injuries, Miss Harper still manages to wag her tail and show love and affection to anyone who comes close to her. The vets believe that with a little extra love and care, Miss Harper will make a full recovery. An investigation is currently underway to find the person responsible for Miss Harper's injuries. The authorities believe that this may have been an act of animal cruelty, and are urging anyone with information to come forward. Animal lovers everywhere are outraged at this act of violence against such an innocent creature. Despite the horrific ordeal that Miss Harper has gone through, the vets are hopeful that she will make a full recovery. They are currently raising funds to cover the cost of her treatment and to help find her a new forever home. They emphasize that Miss Harper is a loving and affectionate dog who will bring so much joy to any family that adopts her. The vets are overwhelmed by the outpouring of support they have received from the community, and the number of people who have offered to take Miss Harper into their homes. Though they are grateful for the support, they remind everyone to remember that there are still so many other animals out there who need our help. In the meantime, Miss Harper is getting all the love, care, and attention she needs from her dedicated team of vets. They are working closely with her to help her regain the strength and mobility she needs to live a long, happy life. Though the road ahead may not be an easy one, Miss Harper is a fighter, and everyone is optimistic about her future.