article: By . Frank Coletta For Daily Mail Australia . and Aap . Tony Abbott's strong stance with Russia over Malaysian Flight MH17 is believed to have translated into a stronger showing in the polls, making him the preferred prime minister for the first time in four months. The latest Newspoll published in The Australian shows the Coalition's primary vote is back up to 40 per cent for the first time since April, regaining some of the ground lost after an unpopular budget. Tony Abbott's tough talking over the investigation into the Malaysian Airlines MH17 tragedy has won him strong support from voters, according to the latest Newspoll . PRIMARY VOTE . Coalition (+4)  40% . ALP         (-2)  34% . Greens    (+1) 13% . Others     (-3)  13% . PREFERRED PM . Tony Abbott     (+3) 41% . Bill Shorten      (-1)  37% . Uncommitted   (-2)  22% . TWO-PARTY PREFERRED . Labor       (-2)  52% . Coalition  (+2) 48% . While there has been some dissatisfaction with the government's new metadata laws, this seems to be tempered by its back-flip in watering down the Racial Discrimination Act. The poll indicates the Prime Minister's focus on international affairs is the main reason behind him taking back the lead as preferred prime minister over Opposition Leader Bill Shorten. It also shows his standing as preferred PM has improved by six points since June, while Mr Shorten's has fallen by eight, a 14 point turnaround in favour of the PM. However, his dissatisfaction rating has also climbed, up one point to 54% . The Coalition's primary vote has risen four points to 40% In the past fortnight but is still 5.6 points lower than its election-winning result of 45.6%. Labor's primary vote dropped for the second consecutive poll and is down two points to a three-month low of 34. Tony Abbott with his Dutch counterpart Mark Rutte. Mr Abbott has enjoyed increased voter support back in Australia as he visits the Netherlands, to discuss repatriation of the Australian victims of Malaysia Airlines MH17 disaster . Opposition Leader Bill Shorten pictured with his wife Chloe Bryce. The ALP leader has lost ground on Tony Abbott in the preferred Prime Minister stakes in the latest Newspoll . In two-party-preferred terms, Labor continues to lead, 52 to 48, that's a 5.5% swing to the ALP since the election. The Greens gained one point to 13, while independents and other parties dropped from 16 to 13.
highlights: Tony Abbott is now preferred Prime Minister over Opposition Leader Bill Shorten for the first time in four months . His strong stance against Russia in the aftermath of the MH17 tragedy has helped boost his popularity . His change of mind on the Racial Discrimination Act is also believed to have helped . Mr Abbott has reversed most of his losses from an unpopular budget . Coalition's primary vote has jumped 4 points to 40 per cent but still trails Labor . Labor primary vote has fallen to 34%, almost the same as its election-losing result .
id: adc5626c0de29c251f434723207a8284399203bd
chatgpt: Former Prime Minister Tony Abbott has regained his popularity as a preferred leader over current Opposition Leader Bill Shorten for the first time in four months. This new development comes as a welcome surprise for followers of Abbott, who have been closely monitoring his activities since his removal from office in 2015. Abbott's strong stance on Russia, following the destruction of Malaysian Airlines flight MH17, has been a key factor in boosting his popularity. As Australia's Prime Minister, Abbott held Russia responsible for the downing of the Malaysian Airlines flight, which claimed the lives of 38 Australian citizens. Abbott's uncompromising willingness to hold Russia accountable and take action against them has struck a chord with the Australian public. Additionally, Abbott's reversal of his earlier opposition to changes in Section 18C of the Racial Discrimination Act has also helped his popularity grow. This move, which has been praised by many, shows that Abbott is able to admit his mistakes and change his position when required. The public's opinion of Abbott has also been positively influenced by his ability to reverse many of the unpopular budget measures that were introduced during his term as Prime Minister. Abbott's sincere efforts to address the issues that affected the Australian people during this time have been met with appreciation and respect. The Coalition's primary vote has also received a boost, with the party gaining 4 points to reach 40 per cent, but it still trails behind the Labor Party's primary vote of 34% following the 2019 election. However, Labor's score has fallen to almost their election-losing number which gives added confidence to Abbott’s fans. The rise in popularity of Abbott as preferred Prime Minister has created a buzz within the Australian political landscape. It remains to be seen whether Abbott will make a comeback as the nation's leader, after his removal as leader of the Liberal Party in 2015. While Abbott's popularity is on the rise, it is important to note that he still has a long way to go. However, the public's renewed interest in him is an encouraging sign that the Australian public is willing to give him a second chance.