article: (CNN) -- Threats from al Qaeda operatives in Yemen increased in recent weeks and were a reason Yemen and the United States partnered in drone strikes and counterterrorism operations over the last several days, U.S. officials told CNN. "There is an increased threat stream," said one senior U.S. official, who spoke on the condition of anonymity. CNN has learned the United States believes there is intelligence potentially indicating specific targets in Yemen, including the U.S. Embassy there. Other possible targets include Westerners, as kidnap victims, and Yemeni government and military installations. Although several officials stressed the U.S. Embassy in Yemen is a constant target for terrorists, one U.S. source familiar with the latest information said at least one threat against the embassy was disrupted recently. A separate U.S. official was not aware of a recent specific threat on that embassy. The rise in threats from al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula -- known as AQAP -- continues, the sources said. The uptick is of particular interest to U.S. officials because it comes after a significant effort last year to disrupt a direct threat to the U.S. Embassy in Yemen, as well as other U.S. embassies, which led to several of them being closed around the world. Since the 2013 disruption and subsequent leaks to the news media about how AQAP communicates, the group has significantly cut back on its electronic communications, making it extremely difficult for authorities to track it, a separate U.S. official said. "We have much less vision about what they are doing. We're not totally blind, but we are not 20/20. We're not even anywhere near 20/20," said the official. Sources emphasized the recent counterterrorism operation had been planned for weeks and was part of a broader effort to disrupt AQAP. At least 65 suspected terrorists were killed in assaults from both the ground and sky in southern Yemen this week. Many suspected al Qaeda militants, who survived the strikes in Abyan province, are fleeing toward Azzan in the south central part of the country, a town that could fall under the control of al Qaeda, according to a senior Yemeni government official. There is a lack of government and army presence in that area, that official said. The two military brigades currently in southern Shabwa province, which includes Azzan, "can't try to follow those militants on the move and are preoccupied with securing the (liquefied natural gas) facilities," the official said. The official added that Yemeni authorities are on high alert and expecting "imminent retaliatory attacks" from AQAP. CNN's Elise Labott and Mohammed Jamjoom contributed to this report.
highlights: "There is an increased threat stream," says one senior U.S. official . At least 65 suspected al Qaeda members were killed in a Yemeni-U.S. joint operation . Yemeni authorities are on high alert, expecting "imminent retaliatory attacks," an official says .
id: 9661673a8e2c42a6775a9ab350ca6ffe17d5f7e6
chatgpt: In the wake of the recent joint operation between Yemeni and American military forces, there are growing concerns about potential retaliatory attacks from al Qaeda. The operation resulted in the death of at least 65 suspected members of the group, but officials fear that this may only be the beginning. According to one senior U.S. official, there is an "increased threat stream" following the successful operation in Yemen. This suggests that there is intelligence indicating that the group is planning to retaliate for the loss of their members. Yemeni authorities are said to be on high alert as they anticipate these imminent attacks. The operation, which took place in Yemen's Hadramawt province, was carried out by U.S. Special Forces in conjunction with Yemeni troops. The operation targeted a suspected training camp for al Qaeda militants. The camp was reportedly used to train fighters and plot attacks against the U.S. and its allies. The U.S. has been particularly concerned about al Qaeda's presence in Yemen in recent years. The group's Yemeni branch, Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP), has been responsible for several attacks against Western targets, including the attempted bombing of a U.S.-bound airliner in 2009. The joint operation in Hadramawt is just the latest attempt to push back against AQAP's influence in the region. It is also a sign of the growing cooperation between Yemeni and American forces in the fight against terrorism. Despite the success of the operation, however, there are concerns about the potential consequences. Officials fear that the loss of so many militant fighters will only lead to more violence as the group seeks to retaliate. The Yemeni government has urged its citizens to be vigilant and report any suspicious activity. The U.S. State Department has also issued a travel warning for Yemen, citing the continued threat of terrorism in the country. The warning advises U.S. citizens to avoid travel to the country and to leave immediately if they are already there. The situation in Yemen remains tense as authorities continue to monitor the threat level. The loss of so many suspected al Qaeda members is a significant blow to the group, but it is clear that they are still a potent force in the region. As the U.S. and its allies continue to target the group, there are likely to be more clashes and further violence in the coming weeks and months.