article: (CNN) -- A federal appeals court on Tuesday rejected a former San Francisco Bay Area Rapid Transit officer's claim of immunity in the shooting death of Oscar Grant, clearing the way for the 22-year-old's father to sue over the controversial killing on a train platform. Johannes Mehserle was convicted of fatally shooting Grant in the back on New Year's Day in 2009 as he lay on a platform at the Fruitvale BART Station in Oakland, a case that is recounted in the award-winning movie "Fruitvale Station." The 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals denied Mehserle's claim that "the facts overwhelmingly show that he was acting consistently within the legitimate law enforcement objective of arresting Grant," upholding a lower court ruling that found there was a "genuine issue" as to whether the former officer's actions were required for a legitimate law enforcement purpose. Mehserle testified at his 2010 trial that he intended to draw and fire his Taser rather than his gun. He was sentenced to two years in prison after his involuntary manslaughter conviction but was released after serving 11 months because of a California law that allowed him to reduce his sentence to nearly a year. The shooting gained national attention in large part because it was captured on an onlooker's cell phone video camera. The video showed Mehserle pulling his gun and shooting Grant in the back as another officer appeared to be kneeling down over the unarmed man. The video was widely circulated on the Internet and on news broadcasts, and it spurred months of protests in and around Oakland. Violent protests erupted after Mehserle's sentence was handed down, with at least 150 people arrested by the police. The case has continued to draw interest and questions, with first-time director Ryan Coogler tackling the story in the independent film "Fruitvale Station" that was released this year. The film chronicles the last day of Grant's life. The movie made its premiere at the 2013 Sundance Film Festival, where it took home the U.S. Grand Jury Prize and an Audience Award. It went on to win the award for Best First Film at the 66th Cannes Film Festival. Coogler wrote the film, which stars Michael B. Jordan, Octavia Spencer, Kevin Durand and Chad Michael Murray. Florida deputies shoot man they mistook for car thief .
highlights: The 9th Circuit Court of Appeals upheld a lower court ruling . That ruling found Johannes Mehserle is not entitled to immunity from a lawsuit . Oscar Grant, 22, was shot and killed by Mehserle on New Year's Day 2009 . Grant's father is suing Mehserle over the killing .
id: 6f61a977aeca246dbbcb73040106029829c591b4
chatgpt: In the latest development in the high-profile case of the shooting of Oscar Grant, the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals has upheld a lower court ruling stating that Johannes Mehserle is not entitled to immunity from a lawsuit. Mehserle, a former BART police officer, shot and killed Grant, a young African-American man, on New Year's Day in 2009. The ruling comes as a victory for Grant's father, who is suing Mehserle over the killing. The decision by the appeals court opens the door for the case to proceed to trial, and it represents a significant blow to Mehserle's defense team, who had argued that he was acting in his capacity as a police officer and was therefore entitled to immunity. The case has been closely watched by civil rights activists, who have used it as an example of the systemic racism embedded in law enforcement in the United States. The shooting was captured on video by bystanders and showed Mehserle, who is white, drawing his gun and shooting Grant, who was lying on the ground and posing no apparent threat. Mehserle was initially charged with murder, but he was convicted of involuntary manslaughter in 2010 after arguing that he had mistaken his gun for his taser. He served just over a year in jail. In the years since the shooting, Grant's family has been involved in a series of legal battles with Mehserle and the BART police department. The family filed a wrongful death lawsuit against the department, which was settled for $5.1 million in 2011. However, Mehserle's individual liability in the shooting has remained a contentious issue. The former officer's defense team has argued that he was acting in self-defense and was following his training as a police officer when he shot Grant. But the appeals court ruling affirms the lower court's decision that Mehserle was not acting in his capacity as a police officer at the time of the shooting and therefore is not entitled to immunity from the lawsuit. The ruling represents a rare instance in which a police officer has been held accountable for a shooting in the line of duty. It is likely to have significant implications for future cases involving police use of force and could set a precedent for officers to be held responsible for their actions even when they are acting in their official capacity. In the meantime, Grant's family can take some solace in the fact that they will have their day in court and that justice may yet be served for their son's untimely death.