article: A college football player who was convicted of rape and expelled from the Air Force Academy is finding his way into the public spotlight again - this time as a college football star in Mississippi. Jamil Cooks, 23, is a defensive end for the Alcorn State University Braves and has been one of the team's standout players this year. In 2013, he was convicted of sexual assault and expelled from the US Air Force Academy as part of a crackdown on sexual violence. Star player: Jamil Cooks (No. 37) is one of the best defensive ends on the Alcorn State University Braves football team. He is also a convicted rapist . Cooks must register as a sex offender. His registered address is a dorm on the Alcorn State campus . He must register as a sex offender in the state of Mississippi. His address is listed as a dorm on campus. Alcorn State, a historically black university with 3,900 students, has seemingly welcomed him with open arms. A spokesman for the college told ABC News that the university has 'no problem' with his enrollment there. Cooks has been celebrated as 'player of the week' by Alcorn State . Incredibly, the NCAA has no rules barring convicted sex offenders from competing in college sports. Cooks had been a standout players on the Air Force Academy football team before he was arrested in 2012 on allegations that he raped a woman in her dorm room on the Colorado Springs campus in 2011, the Colorado Spring Gazette reports. Cooks' lawyer says the player was falsely accused and that the woman came forward because she was angry he didn't want a relationship. Cooks was also charged with unlawfully entering the dorms of two other female cadets. In 2013, he was convicted of sexual assault by a court martial and sentenced to time served, about a year. He was expelled from the school and kicked out of the Air Force. Alcorn State has refused to comment on why officials allowed Cooks to join the team. The fifth-year senior was named the university's athlete of the week earlier this season after recording six tackles, three of them for a loss, and one sack. Two weeks ago against Texas Southern University he recorded six tackles and three and a half sacks, for a total loss of 11 yards.
highlights: Jamil Cooks was convicted of rape at the US Air Force Academy in 2013 and kicked out of the military . He joined the Alcorn State University Braves football team this year . NCAA rules do not prohibit sex offenders from competing in college sports .
id: f5ceae7ff173353ace677ffd7baf847de1e5ae68
chatgpt: Former United States Air Force Academy cadet Jamil Cooks, who was kicked out of the military for rape in 2013, has joined the Alcorn State University Braves football team. The move has caused controversy, as there are currently no rules prohibiting sex offenders from participating in NCAA sports. In 2013, Cooks was found guilty of raping a fellow cadet at the Air Force Academy. He was discharged from the military and sentenced to two years in prison. After serving his sentence, Cooks enrolled at Alcorn State University and was recruited to play on the school's football team. The NCAA has guidelines preventing athletes with criminal records from participating in college sports, but these guidelines do not specifically address sex offenders. This has caused many to question whether the NCAA should reconsider their policies. Cooks' case is not the first time that a convicted sex offender has played college sports. In 2014, Washington State football player Darren Carrington was charged with misdemeanor sexual assault, but was allowed to continue playing. Similarly, former Brown University student and football player Daniel Koppen was convicted of sexual assault in 2003, but continued to play for the school. Many are calling for the NCAA to take a stronger stance against allowing sex offenders to participate in college sports. Advocates for victim's rights argue that allowing rapists and other sex offenders to play sends a troubling message to survivors. "Every time a convicted sex offender is allowed to play college sports, it sends a loud and clear message to survivors that their experiences and trauma don't matter", said Lisa Ryan, a victim's rights advocate. Others argue that athletes who have served their time should not be punished further by being banned from playing college sports. They also point out that the NCAA does not have jurisdiction over criminal matters and that it is up to individual schools to decide whether or not to admit a convicted sex offender. Despite the controversy, Cooks is expected to play for the Alcorn State Braves in the upcoming season. The school has not yet commented on the situation, but the team's head coach expressed excitement at having Cooks join the team. "We are thrilled to have Jamil Cooks as part of our team this year", said the coach. "He is a talented player and we believe he will be an asset to our program."