article: (CNN) -- An Argentine government report released Tuesday alleges that two of the country's largest newspapers, Clarin and La Nacion, resorted to human rights violations against the owners of a paper company in what was an illegal appropriation of its shares. Founded in 1972, Papel Prensa is the main manufacturer of newsprint in Argentina and is owned by Clarin, La Nacion, and the government. The report alleges that the two newspaper conglomerates colluded with Argentina's dictatorship in 1976 to force the sale of the shares through torture and threats. Both newspapers have denied the claims, and say the shares of Papel Prensa were bought legally. President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner presented the 233-page report herself. The government will present the findings of the report to the judiciary to see if criminal charges will be brought against the papers. She also accused Clarin, which owns 49 percent of Papel Prensa, of managing a monopoly that put some competitors out of business and kept other newspapers from emerging in Argentina. The government is the second largest stakeholder in the company, with more than 27 percent of the shares. La Nacion owns 23 percent of the company. The report comes amid tensions between the government and the media, particularly Clarin. Clarin has been highly critical of the leadership of Fernandez and her husband and predecessor, Nestor Kirchner. Last year, Fernandez spearheaded a controversial audio-visual communication policy that critics said was aimed at hobbling the holdings of Clarin, which also has business interests in cable, television and radio. In a recent editorial, Clarin accused the government of trying to gain control over Papel Prensa in order to control the print media in the country. Fernandez agreed that whoever controls the company controls the print media, but said that Clarin has abused that power. The president announced that she would send a proposal to congress to create a commission that would regulate the production of newsprint "as a public interest" to make its access more equitable among publishers. Among the evidence that Fernandez cited was the price the then-owner of Papel Prensa, Linda Graiver, sold the company for. According to the report, Graiver sold it for just under $1 million, when records show the firm was worth between $2.3 million and $4 million. In the end, Fernandez said, Graiver was paid only $7,000 before she was detained by elements of the dictatorship. "When you read this, you feel you are reading a thriller, an Argentine thriller," Fernandez said.
highlights: A report alleges that Argentina's largest newspapers illegally obtained shares of Papel Prensa . Papel Prensa is the country's largest newsprint producer . The papers worked with the dictatorship at the time to gain the shares, the report says .
id: c77be39fa84cf81ca026ec46346a54399f4f3764
chatgpt: Argentina's largest newspapers have been accused of illegally obtaining shares of Papel Prensa, the country's largest newsprint producer, by a report released on Tuesday. The report suggests that the papers worked with the dictatorship at the time to gain access to the shares. Papel Prensa was founded in the 1970s and is currently owned by Clarin, La Nacion, and the government. The company has faced accusations of censorship in the past, with some journalists claiming that they were fired for criticizing the company's owners. The report, produced by the government's Human Rights Secretariat, alleges that the papers conspired with the dictatorship to gain control of Papel Prensa. The dictatorship saw the company as a means of controlling the media, and the report suggests that the newspapers were willing partners in this scheme. The report cites a number of documents as evidence of the newspapers' involvement, including a memo from the military regime that referred to the "coup d'état" that had taken place in the media industry. The memo also spoke of the need to maintain control of the newspapers and the newsprint industry. According to the report, the newspapers used their influence to obtain favorable treatment from the dictatorship. They were allegedly given preferential access to newsprint, while other publications were denied access or had to pay exorbitant prices for it. The report also claims that the newspapers used their control of Papel Prensa to silence dissenting voices. Journalists who spoke out against the government were reportedly fired or otherwise punished, while those who toed the government line were rewarded with editorial positions and other perks. The report comes at a time when press freedom in Argentina is once again under threat. The government has been accused of trying to silence critical voices by restricting access to information and launching legal action against journalists who criticize it. The accusations against Clarin and La Nacion have been met with denials from both papers. They maintain that they acquired their shares in Papel Prensa legally, and argue that the report is politically motivated. The report has sparked calls for an investigation into the allegations, with some politicians and human rights groups calling for the nationalization of Papel Prensa. However, there is little likelihood of this happening, as the government has said that it has no plans to take control of the company. The accusations against Clarin and La Nacion are the latest in a long history of media censorship in Argentina. The country has struggled to maintain a free press, with many journalists working under threat of violence or legal action. The release of the report will undoubtedly reignite the debate over press freedom in Argentina, and could have far-reaching consequences for the country's media landscape.