article: (CNN) -- They met at a country bar in Utah. She was riding a mechanical bull, and he couldn't help jumping on the saddle with her. The relationship started there, and the couple took it to new heights on their wedding day by tossing the bride's bouquet and garter from a "human slingshot." Jacob and Natasha Johnson wanted to replicate the experience of a mechanical bull at their July 13 wedding. But their parents worried it was too "redneck." Luckily, they decided to hold their wedding at Hobble Creek Lodge in Springville, home of "Utah's human slingshot." At first they thought it was a joke, but a bit of research showed that others had used it before. They decided to go for it. A YouTube video posted by wedding guest Colton Spencer shows the bride, still in a fluffy gown, strapped to a red rubber slingshot, her feet attached to an ATV with a stretchy cord. The groom drives the four-wheeler down the lawn and releases the cord to fling his bride through the air. Natasha says she was terrified but not necessarily for her safety. "I was afraid of ripping my dress," she said. She wore shorts to ensure she wouldn't flash guests when launched in the air. They practiced the night before, but it still took two tries to successfully launch her because she was "20 pounds heavier" while wearing the gown. Reception guests were alerted before the launch began and gathered around. With Beyonce's "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)" playing in the background, Natasha sailed through the air and threw her bouquet back to a crowd of eager women. "All of the ladies were waiting and my girlfriend and niece argued when my niece caught the bouquet," she laughed. Then, it was Jacob's turn. He was nervous about being strapped to the slingshot for other reasons: "I turned around and saw Tasha's dad driving the ATV." The couple says the video has garnered international attention with people expressing shock and delight over the different take on a wedding tradition. Guests will always remember the slingshot, Natasha says, but it wasn't the only exciting moment of the fun-filled night. "The groomsmen decided to go skinny dipping in the pond," Natasha said. "Jacob didn't want to tell that." The couple is enjoying married life and says life is back to normal, with a few extra interview requests. "We're just having fun with it," Jacob says. What else but fun would you expect from these newlyweds?
highlights: Newlyweds chose a "human slingshot" to make their wedding day memorable . Bride Natasha Johnson threw her bouquet while in the sling, groom Jacob threw the garter . The couple says the video has garnered international attention .
id: c4eecae29019f433ec34eda44729e2a8b8f8418a
chatgpt: Newlyweds Jacob and Natasha Johnson wanted to make their wedding day unforgettable, and they certainly succeeded with their unique choice of entertainment. Instead of opting for the traditional wedding party games, the couple decided to try something a little different: a "human slingshot." For those who aren't familiar with the concept, a human slingshot involves a large elastic band that stretches between two fixed points. One person is then placed in the middle of the elastic band while two others at either end pull back on it, before releasing the tension and launching the person in the middle through the air. According to the couple, they had seen videos of people enjoying the "human slingshot" online and thought it would be a fun activity to include in their wedding celebrations. Given that the bride and groom were both thrill-seekers who had previously been bungee jumping, skydiving and zip-lining, the idea was well-received. On the day of the wedding, the couple surprised their guests by setting up the human slingshot in a nearby field. After a few nervous moments, the bride and groom stepped up to the plate, with Natasha holding the bouquet and Jacob holding the garter. As soon as the couple were launched into the air, it was clear that their choice of entertainment had been a success. The guests cheered as Natasha threw the bouquet, and Jacob threw the garter, both of which were carefully aimed at the waiting crowd. The video of the Johnson's wedding ceremony has since gone viral, with many people commenting on the unique and memorable choice of entertainment. Jacob and Natasha have since appeared on several talk shows to discuss their experience, and have even been interviewed by news outlets in other countries. Despite the attention they've received, the couple insist that their choice of entertainment was simply a way to make their wedding day special. "We wanted to do something that would make our guests remember our wedding forever," said Jacob in a recent interview. "And I think we definitely achieved that." While some may criticize the couple's choice of entertainment as risky or reckless, it's clear that Jacob and Natasha are both experienced thrill-seekers who knew what they were getting into. For them, the human slingshot was just another exciting experience to add to their list of adventures. In the end, it seems that the Johnson's choice of entertainment paid off in spades. Not only did they have a wedding day that they'll never forget, but the viral video of their special moment has brought joy to thousands of people around the world.