article: As they make a final push to approve presidential nominations before Republicans take control of the Senate, Democrats said Tuesday the confirmation of a record number of federal judges was evidence they were right to make controversial changes to filibuster rules, despite objections from Republicans. "Yes," Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid responded loudly when asked if still believes he was right to employ the so-called "nuclear option" a year ago in order to clear a backlog of nominees. The No. 2 Senate Democrat explained that at the time there was a "breakdown in the relationship between the executive and legislative branch." "If you just look at where we were, with all of the nominations stacked on the calendar, most of which had been reported from committees with overwhelming bipartisan votes," Sen. Dick Durbin said.  "Republicans were trying to keep as many nominations from final approval as possible. So we had no choice." During the first year of the congressional session, before the nuclear option, the Senate confirmed a total of 36 federal district and circuit court judges appointed by the President.  After the rules changes, which took place Nov. 21, 2013, the number of judges confirmed more than doubled to 84. The rules change lowered the number of votes needed to overcome a filibuster from 60 to 51, making it much easier for Democrats, who currently have a 54 to 46 majority, to approve judges to those lifetime positions. Before the Senate adjourns, probably in the next day or two, Democrats hope to confirm an additional 12 district court positions. Democrats this week also cleared a new surgeon general, a top immigration official, and were ready to approve Tuesday the No. 2 at the State Department. Each of those people faced serious GOP opposition and might not have been cleared if not for the rules change. "The train is running over everyone. That's the Reid train. Last trip around the track," complained Sen. John McCain, R-Arizona about the last minute wave of judicial and executive branch nominations Senate Democratic Leader Reid is jamming through. "It's a result of the nuclear option which deprived us of our ability to advise and consent and it's shameful. McCain and other Republicans also blamed Sen. Ted Cruz, R-Texas, and a small group of other conservatives who forced a weekend session that Reid used to clear procedural hurdles on a number of nominees. "It was also caused in part by what happened last weekend when several nominees who are controversial are now going to receive Senate votes and are probably going to be confirmed who otherwise probably would not have been," said Sen. Susan Collins, R-Maine.
highlights: Democrats say they have no regrets over changing the Senate rules to approve more judges . Republicans, who will take control of the Senate in January, are upset with the maneuver .
id: 015438649d489b4ec6f1411d06e561a000a18c39
chatgpt: Despite facing criticism from Republicans who will soon be in control of the Senate, Democrats have stood by their decision to change the Senate rules in order to approve more judges.  The maneuver, which allowed for a simple majority of votes to confirm judicial nominees instead of the previous 60-vote threshold, was made in 2013 when Democrats were in control of the Senate. Since that rule change, Democrats were able to confirm hundreds of judges under the Obama administration, including two Supreme Court justices. Now, as Republicans prepare to take control of the Senate in January, they are expressing frustration at the decision made by Democrats. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has accused Democrats of breaking Senate tradition and harming the judicial confirmation process. However, Democrats have defended their decision, citing the Republican-led obstruction of Obama's judicial nominees prior to the rule change. They argue that the constant use of the filibuster by Republicans to block nominees was a threat to the functioning of the judiciary. "It was necessary to make this change so that we could ensure that the judiciary was functioning properly and that qualified nominees weren't being blocked for purely partisan reasons," said Senator Richard Durbin, a Democrat from Illinois. Democrats have also pointed out that the rule change was not done in secret or without warning. It was a well-publicized move that was widely debated and ultimately approved by a majority of Senators. Despite these arguments, Republicans remain frustrated with the maneuver and have vowed to restore the previous 60-vote threshold once they take control of the Senate. "We believe that some decisions, particularly those involving the importance of lifetime appointments to the federal judiciary, should not be made by a simple majority vote," said a spokesperson for incoming Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer. The debate over the Senate rules is just one of the many battles to come as Republicans take control of both the Senate and the White House. With the two parties at odds over everything from healthcare to tax reform, it is likely that more changes to Senate rules will be proposed in the months and years to come. In the meantime, however, Democrats remain steadfast in their support of the rule change they made in 2013. While it may have angered Republicans, they argue that it was necessary to ensure a properly functioning judiciary and to prevent qualified nominees from being unfairly blocked for purely partisan reasons.