article: By . Melissa Hills For Daily Mail Australia . The text message sent to 120 miners . A mine operator has been forced to apologise to about 120 workers who they sacked by text message. The contractors were employed by Thiess mainly as drivers and machinery operators at Peabody's Burton coking coal mine in central Queensland, located between Mackay and Moranbah. Thiess sent out the text messages last week telling them their positions had been terminated. Workers and union reps have slammed the action as 'disgusting'. The sacked workers used Thiess's Facebook page to vent their frustration and disappointment. 'What a bunch of dogs, sacking people by text How safe do you reckon these people felt driving home. Good work guys,' Bob Down wrote. David Ferguson said he was disgusted at the lack of respect the company had shown by sacking people by SMS. 'An employee, a human being, deserves far more respect when letting them know such a significant decision. Shame, Thiess, shame,' he said. 'Sacking people by SMS or automated message at best reeks of callousness and at worst of cowardice.' Thiess said workers had been told the mine would be scaled down in early August and that phone calls and SMS would be used to communicate developments. 'However, the use of SMS in this instance was an error and we apologise,' the company said in a statement on Tuesday. The mine is located between about 150km insland  south west of Mackay . 'Other affected personnel were notified in person.' The Construction Forestry Mining Energy Union of Queensland has accused Thiess of treating its workers like "sausages on the shelf at the butchers". 'It is just disgusting, we haven't seen this sort of nonsense since the darkest days of the Howard era," CFMEU district vice president Steve Pierce said. The Construction Forestry Mining Energy Union of Queensland has accused Thiess of treating its workers like "sausages on the shelf at the butchers" Mr Pierce said some of the members who received the text - which included information about when their jobs would wind up - were already aware they were out of work. But others were not, he said.
highlights: The workers at the Central Queensland mine were sent an SMS terminating their positions last week . The text contained the date they were to finish and a 1800 for them to call if they had any questions . The sacking by SMS prompted outrage on social media . Mine operator says sorry after workers were sacked by SMS and admits mistake . Central Queensland workers told in text 'You will be released from the project by way of redundancy' Employees and union reps say they are 'disgusted at the lack of respect'
id: 4c3c064b19be8ffa93a033449332d2272b50244a
chatgpt: The practice of firing employees by text message is not only unprofessional, but it is also callous and disrespectful. Unfortunately, this is precisely what has happened to the workers of a coal mine in Central Queensland. Last week, without any prior notice or warning, the employees of the Central Queensland mine received a group text message that terminated their positions. The message contained the date on which they were to finish work and a 1800 number for them to call in case they had any questions. This method of notification prompted a severe backlash on social media with many people calling it "disrespectful" and "outrageous." Employees and union representatives of the mine expressed their disgust at the lack of respect shown to the workers. Upon receiving criticism for their callous actions, the mine operators have issued a public apology. They acknowledged that the decision to fire their employees via text message was a mistake and expressed their regret for any hurt or discomfort experienced by the workers. The company has since clarified that the terminations were made as a result of redundancy, indicating that the decision was a strategic move rather than a reflection of any individual employees’ performance. The issue highlights the importance of treating employees with respect and dignity during a redundancy process. Firing employees is never easy, but it should be handled with sensitivity and professionalism. The experience of the Central Queensland mine workers is a reminder that companies must take their obligations to their employees seriously. Dismissing employees via a group text message is not an acceptable way to do business and reflects poorly on the company's reputation. Employers must remember that employees are people with families, bills, and responsibilities. They deserve the time and consideration to be informed of major business decisions in a respectful manner. In conclusion, the termination of the Central Queensland mine workers via text message was an insensitive and unacceptable move on behalf of the mine operators. The apology issued by the company is a step in the right direction, but the incident serves as an important reminder to all employers that they must show respect and empathy towards their employees during a redundancy process.