article: By . Dan Bloom . PUBLISHED: . 12:39 EST, 15 January 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 13:20 EST, 15 January 2014 . Blown away: Shocked Jessica Parsons had to leave a pub when a bouncer thought she had taken cocaine . Pub staff kicked out two women who blew their noses - because they thought they were using cocaine. Nursery worker Jessica Parsons, 23, refused to let the common cold stop her from enjoying a night out with two friends at a pub in Cheam, Surrey. But when she and one of her friends blew their noses in the toilet, they were accused of taking Class A drugs. A female bouncer confronted them when they left their cubicles and ordered them to leave. Shocked Miss Parsons says she will never return to the pub, which she has been visiting since she was 18. The incident happened on Saturday night at the Harrow Inn, where staff have defended their actions. Miss Parsons said: 'It was about half nine and we went to the toilet. Because we both had colds we both blew our noses while we were in there. We weren’t in the same cubicle or anything like that. 'As we left, one of the female bouncers pulled us back and said "come with us". 'They said there was a drug problem and that they heard us sniffing drugs in there. 'I told them I blew my nose because I have a cold and laughed because I thought it was a joke - I don’t even smoke, let alone do cocaine! 'We both have respectable jobs and we just wanted to go out for a quiet drink. I work in a school, there is no way I would risk that. 'I asked them to call the police but they wouldn’t and they just told us to leave, so we had to go and leave a bottle of wine we’d just bought on the table.' Miss Parsons said she has been going to the pub regularly since she was 18, but now plans never to return. Not to be sniffed at: Miss Parsons, pictured, said she and her friend had to leave a bottle of wine behind . A manager at the pub, who declined to give his full name asking only to be identified as Sam, said: 'We have a high rate of drugs issues in the area and our place is one of the red alert places. 'We have three door staff who will deal with situations when there is the slightest suspicion. If, in this case, we have made a mistake then it would be the first time. 'We are a lively pub so in terms of security we can’t be too careful.' However, the two women did not let the incident bring their evening to a halt. After being kicked out, they continued the night at All Bar One in nearby Sutton.
highlights: Jessica Parsons, 23, was with two friends at Harrow Inn in Cheam, Surrey . Bouncers heard her and a friend blowing their noses - and kicked them out . She plans not to return saying: 'I don’t even smoke, let alone do cocaine!' Manager: 'We're a lively pub so in terms of security we can’t be too careful'
id: cbfd5ed55163a447dc2b01a3b36caf3bfb9e8f82
chatgpt: A young woman named Jessica Parsons has recently spoken out against an incident that occurred at the Harrow Inn in Cheam, Surrey. Parsons, who is 23 years old, was out with two friends when they were kicked out of the pub by bouncers. The reason for their expulsion? The bouncers heard Parsons and one of her friends blowing their noses. Parsons was understandably confused and upset by the incident. She told reporters, "I don't even smoke, let alone do cocaine! We were just blowing our noses because we had a cold." Despite this explanation, Parsons and her friends were still escorted out of the pub. The manager of the Harrow Inn, who has not been named, defended the bouncers' actions. "We're a lively pub, so in terms of security we can't be too careful," he said in a statement to the press. "We have to be constantly on the lookout for anyone who may be breaking our rules or causing a disturbance." This incident has sparked a debate about security in pubs and other public places. While some argue that bouncers and security personnel need to be vigilant to ensure the safety of patrons, others feel that incidents like this are an overreaction and can be harmful to innocent people. Parsons, for her part, has decided not to return to the Harrow Inn. "I don't feel safe going back there," she said. "If they're going to kick me out for blowing my nose, what else might they do?" This sentiment has been echoed by many on social media, with some calling for a boycott of the Harrow Inn and other pubs that exhibit similar behavior. Others, however, have defended the pub's right to enforce its own rules and protect its patrons. Regardless of the outcome of this particular incident, it is clear that the issue of security in public places is one that will continue to be debated for some time to come. As society grapples with the ongoing threat of terrorism and other crimes, finding the right balance between security and personal freedom will undoubtedly be a challenge.