article: Washington (CNN) -- Ten Mexican nationals have been charged with last year's killings of three Americans connected to the U.S. Consulate in Juarez, Mexico, U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder announced Wednesday. The 10 are among 35 members of the international gang Barrio Azteca charged with various counts of racketeering, murder, drug offenses, money laundering and obstruction of justice, Holder said. "Twelve of these defendants were arrested just this morning by teams of United States federal, state and local authorities in Texas and in New Mexico," Holder announced at a Justice Department news conference. U.S. Consulate employee Leslie Ann Enriquez Catton; her husband, Arthur Redelfs; and Jorge Alberto Salcido Ceniceros, the husband of another U.S. Consulate employee, were killed last March 13. Justice officials do not have a motive in the shootings, but they haven't ruled out a case of mistaken identity. Seven of the 10 defendants charged with the consulate killings are in custody in Mexico, U.S. authorities said. "The indictment unsealed today represents our continued action to ensure safety along our Southwest border, to seek justice for victims of violent crime in this region, and to weaken dangerous criminal organizations currently operating in Mexico and the United States," said Holder. "These arrests and criminal charges will disrupt Barrio Azteca's current operations, and they reaffirm that we will not tolerate acts of violence against those who serve and protect American citizens. We will continue to stand with our partners in Mexico, and together, build on our unprecedented joint efforts to combat violence and protect the safety of the American and the Mexican people." Justice officials say Barrio Azteca, which began in the late 1980s as a violent prison gang and expanded into a transnational criminal organization, is a highly organized and brutal gang. "Barrio Azteca gang members are cold blooded criminals who show no respect for the law or justice, murdering innocent victims, trafficking drugs and inciting violence," said DEA Administrator Michele Leonhart. "The fight is not over, we are in this for the long haul. We will continue to use every tool at our disposal to hold accountable violent criminal organizations and gangs that have been terrorizing border communities," said Assistant Attorney General Lanny A. Breuer of the Criminal Division. "This is at times a gruesome battle, but make no mistake, we will not stop and we are not going away," Breuer added. Holder said the Justice Department is working on extradition proceedings for the seven charged in the consulate killings and already in custody.
highlights: A U.S. consulate employee and two others were killed in Mexico last year . Ten Mexican nationals have been charged and seven are already in custody . The 10 are among 35 members of the Barrio Azteca gang charged with various offenses . U.S. authorities announced the indictments Wednesday .
id: 45467810b06e1f7552a8983f11d2e21b755106ff
chatgpt: Ten Mexican nationals have been charged in connection with the brutal murders of a U.S. consulate employee and two others in Mexico last year. The announcement came on Wednesday from U.S. authorities who have been investigating the crime for several months. Seven of the accused are already in custody, while the other three are still at large. The 10 individuals are said to be members of the Barrio Azteca gang, which has long been associated with drug trafficking and other criminal activities in the region. They are among 35 members of the gang who have been charged with various offenses, including murder, drug trafficking, extortion, and racketeering. The three victims of the brutal attack were traveling in two separate cars on their way to the U.S. consulate in Ciudad Juarez, Mexico when they were ambushed by a group of armed men. The consulate employee, her husband, and another man were fatally shot in the attack, which took place on March 13, 2020. U.S. authorities have been working closely with their Mexican counterparts to investigate the crime and bring those responsible to justice. The indictments announced on Wednesday are the result of that investigation, which involved dozens of law enforcement officials from both countries. The Barrio Azteca gang has been a major target for law enforcement in Mexico and the United States for many years. The gang is believed to have close ties to the notorious Juarez cartel, which has been responsible for a wave of violence and bloodshed in the region. The charges against the 10 individuals are the latest in a series of efforts by U.S. authorities to crack down on organized crime in Mexico. In recent years, there has been a growing concern about the influence of drug cartels and other criminal organizations in the country, which has led to a rise in violence and instability. The U.S. consulate employee and her husband were highly respected members of the diplomatic community, and their deaths sent shockwaves across the United States and Mexico. The consulate in Ciudad Juarez has been a frequent target of violence in recent years, as drug cartels and other criminal organizations continue to assert their authority in the region. The indictments announced on Wednesday are a small step towards bringing the perpetrators of this brutal crime to justice. However, there is still a long way to go in the fight against organized crime in Mexico, and many challenges remain. Nevertheless, U.S. authorities remain committed to working with their Mexican counterparts to bring an end to the violence and bring criminals to justice.