article: (CNN) -- At least two Americans, two Frenchmen and one Canadian were kidnapped early Monday by an armed group that raided an oil rig off the Nigerian coast. Two crew members are in stable condition at a shore-based clinic, where they were airlifted after being wounded in the leg. The rig off the southern coast of Nigeria at Okoro field is run by Transocean and owned by London-based Afren PLC, which detailed the hostages' nationalities and said that five were believed to have been kidnapped. State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley put the number of hostages at seven and confirmed that two are U.S. citizens. "We (are), of course, concerned about their safety and hope for their immediate release," he said. "We are working with Nigerian authorities ... to pursue their prompt release, and there's an investigation already under way." Residents  of Silver Creek, Mississippi, described James Robertson, one of the men  kidnapped in the raid, as a "real nice guy," according to CNN affiliate  WLBT. "He's a great person, over there doing his job," said Larry Smith. Kacey  Slocum, who used to live down the road from Robertson, told WLBT that  she and others were praying for their neighbor's safe return. She added  that the nature of the raid made it all the more distressing. "I never thought there would be pirates in 2010," said Slocum, whose husband also works offshore on a rig near South America. Drilling operations in the Okoro field off Nigeria have been temporarily suspended, both companies involved said. In a news release, Afren said a "security breach" occurred soon after its "High Island VII jackup rig" arrived but before drilling had commenced. "The situation has not been resolved. Afren is doing everything it can to resolve the situation as quickly as possible, and it is working with relevant agencies in the Nigerian government," Afren public relations spokesman James Henderson told CNN. The kidnappers haven't contacted Transocean, said Guy Cantwell, a spokesman for the Houston, Texas-based company. "Clearly, the industry is on heightened alert," Cantwell said. "We're in wait-and-see mode." Transocean operates six offshore rigs in Nigeria -- two deepwater rigs, two ultra-deepwater rigs and two shallow water rigs, including the one involved in the incident -- according to Cantwell. The company has  "taken additional safety precautions" on its other assets in the west African nation, he added. There has been no immediate claim of responsibility for the attack, and Nigerian officials would not comment about the incident. Several militant groups in the oil-rich Niger Delta have been battling the government for years over the distribution of the country's oil wealth. One of the largest such groups -- the Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta -- is known for its kidnappings of oil workers. CNN's Vivian Kuo contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: Neighbors of a hostage from Silver Creek, Mississippi, call him a "really nice guy" Two crew members were flown to a clinic after being shot in leg and are in stable condition . The rig attacked by an armed group is off the southern coast of Nigeria . No one has yet claimed responsibility for attack; Nigerian officials offer no comment .
id: d892b287bc1934eb366005b16f95f7d788b052ef
chatgpt: A hostage situation in Silver Creek, Mississippi has caught the attention of neighbors who describe the victim as a "really nice guy." It remains unclear who is responsible for the attack, but the rig the victim was working on came under fire by an armed group off the southern coast of Nigeria. The incident occurred on Tuesday when an armed group attacked the oil rig where the victim was working, shooting two crew members in the leg. The wounded crew members were flown to a clinic and are currently in stable condition. Authorities have yet to identify the attackers or determine their motives. The Nigerian government has not provided any comments, leaving many to speculate about the possible reasons behind the attack. The victim, who has not been named, worked on the rig as a contractor for an oil services company. Neighbors and co-workers describe him as a kind and hardworking individual. The attack on the rig is the latest in a series of incidents in the region. Criminal gangs and militant groups have long targeted the Nigerian oil industry as a means of generating revenue. The attack is likely to impact the industry as a whole, potentially causing oil prices to rise. Nigeria is one of Africa's largest oil producers and any disruptions to its output could have a significant impact on global markets. The incident has sparked concerns over the safety of workers in the oil industry, including those who work on rigs off the coast of Nigeria. Many workers are vulnerable to attacks and kidnappings, especially in areas where security is inadequate. Companies operating in the oil industry have been urged to take significant measures to protect their workers and equipment. However, the challenges facing the industry in Nigeria - including corruption, insecurity, and infrastructure deficiencies - make it difficult to provide adequate protection. The attack on the rig off the southern coast of Nigeria underscores the need for greater investments in security. The Nigerian government must take steps to address the deteriorating security situation in the country and ensure the safety of workers in the oil industry. In the meantime, the victim of the Silver Creek hostage situation remains in captivity. The situation is fluid, and it is unclear what the outcome will be. However, the incident serves as a stark reminder of the risks associated with working in the Nigerian oil industry, including the potential for violence and instability.