article: (CNN) -- Bodies were strewn in the streets amid a backdrop of burned cars and charred buildings in the small Kenyan coastal town of Mpeketoni on Monday. This quaint town, nestled in the well-known tourist resort of Lamu Island on the Indian Ocean, has been the latest target for attackers thought to be members of the Al- Shabaab terrorist group. A World Cup viewing party turned into a bloodbath, eyewitnesses told CNN on Sunday. Armed men stormed the city center, shooting and hacking people to death before moving into a residential area, where they went from door to door, the witnesses said. Mpeketoni sits to the west of the Kenya-Somalia border, where the Kenyan army is fighting troops loyal to the al Qaeda-linked militant group. There were no claims of responsibility for the attacks, but the Kenyan Disaster Operation Centre blamed them on Al-Shabaab. The heavily armed gunmen, many in military uniforms, attacked hotels, a restaurant, gas station, bank, police station and a government office, according to the Kenyan Red Cross. Video from the scene shows burned-out vehicles and walls pockmarked by bullets. "As of now, we have not been able to identify the real number of the casualties who might be in the other hotels which have already been burnt out," said Eric Mugo, deputy governor of Lamu. The Kenya Red Cross put the death toll from the incidents at 48. Last month, at least 10 people were killed in two explosions in central Nairobi. As many as 76 people were wounded in the blasts at the Gikomba market and on a public minibus, the disaster agency said. Ambulances evacuated 43 injured males and 33 injured females, the Kenya National Disaster Operation Centre said. Two suspects were arrested in connection with the explosions, which were caused by grenades, Nairobi Police Commandant Benson Kibuye said. The Kenyan military crossed into Somalia in 2011 to battle Al-Shabaab, which it blamed for kidnapping tourists in the coastal region. In retaliation, the terrorist group has launched a spate of attacks, including targeting bustling bus stations with grenades. Last year, Al-Shabaab militants stormed the Westgate Mall in Nairobi and held shoppers for days. At least 67 people were killed. Residents of Mpeketoni are now left to piece together what remains of their small town. One body at a time, names are put to faces lost to the recent wave of brutal attacks. CNN's Joyce Joseph and Lillian Leposo contributed to this report. Journalist Dihoff Mokotu reported from Mpeketoni, Kenya.
highlights: NEW: A World Cup viewing party turned into a bloodbath, eyewitnesses say . The Red Cross says the death toll is 48 . The Kenyan National Disaster Operation Centre blames the attacks on Al-Shabaab . Explosions in Nairobi last month killed at least 10 people .
id: e7ba8ad25327866ef683d381679164ef94ce3f32
chatgpt: Tragedy struck a World Cup viewing party in Nairobi, Kenya last night, as an attack left 48 people dead, according to the Red Cross. Eyewitnesses described a chaotic scene as the party-goers became targeted in a brutal, senseless act of violence. The Kenyan National Disaster Operation Centre has placed blame on Al-Shabaab for the attacks, though no official statement has been made as the investigation is still ongoing. This attack comes just weeks after a string of explosions in Nairobi that killed at least 10 people. World Cup fever has been sweeping across the globe, and Kenya was no exception. Many had gathered to watch the highly anticipated match between Brazil and the Netherlands when the unimaginable happened. Witnesses say they heard a loud explosion before seeing a group of militants storm the viewing party, opening fire on the crowd. The scene was described as chaotic, as people frantically tried to flee the area. Some attempted to hide or barricade themselves inside nearby buildings, while others were left stranded on the open street, vulnerable to the attackers. Witnesses reported seeing a number of injured individuals being carried away, bleeding and in shock. The Red Cross immediately responded to the scene, setting up an emergency triage center to provide lifesaving aid to those injured in the attack. However, the death toll continued to rise as more information became available. The Kenyan government has since declared a state of emergency, urging citizens to remain vigilant and to report any suspicious activity. Al-Shabaab, an extremist group based in neighboring Somalia, has been responsible for a number of terrorist attacks in Kenya over the past several years. The group is known for its extreme violence and has claimed responsibility for previous mass-casualty events in the region. This latest attack has left the people of Kenya shaken and grieving, and has prompted international condemnation of the violence. World Cup parties are a global tradition, meant to bring people together in a spirit of competition and camaraderie. The fact that such an event could come under attack is a sobering reminder of the senseless nature of the violence perpetuated by extremists. The investigation into the Nairobi attack is ongoing, and the Kenyan government has promised to bring those responsible to justice. However, for the families of those lost in this tragedy, justice will be little comfort. The people of Kenya, and indeed the world, can only hope that events such as this will become a thing of the past, and that World Cup parties can once again be a celebration of sport and unity, rather than a target for violence.