article: State demographers estimate that whites and Latinos are now an equal share of California's population, with Latinos poised to become a plurality by the end of the year. Latino leaders planned a modest rally Monday at the state Capitol to mark the milestone, which researchers at the state Department of Finance had previously projected would be achieved mid-year. 'At this point, the numbers are very, very close,' said Bill Schooling, head of the demographic research unit of the State Department of Finance. Growing: Latinos comprise about 39 percent of California's population - the exact same percentage as whites, after a long-running demographic shift that already has altered state politics, the economy and culture . He said officials do not plan to estimate the exact date when Latinos begin overtaking whites, but they are expected to become a majority in early 2014. Whites and Latinos each comprise about 39 percent of California's population after a long-running demographic shift that already has altered state politics, the economy and culture. Monday's rally was intended to mark the occasion and remind state lawmakers of Latinos' increasing clout, said Orlando Fuentas, president of the Latino Democratic Club of Sacramento. 'We want to recognize this momentous change by acknowledging the responsibilities that lay ahead for our community at large as well as our state,' Fuentas said in a statement. Rally: Latino leaders have held a series of rallies at the state Capitol calling for equal rights for Latinos . In the new year, California is expected to become the second state, behind New Mexico, in which Latinos are the largest racial or ethnic group. Whites currently lack a majority in only two states -- Hawaii and New Mexico. The state estimates that in 2020, Hispanics will account for 40.7 percent of California's population while whites will make up 36.6 percent. In 2030, the population is projected to be nearly 44 percent Hispanic and about 34 percent white. In 2060, Hispanics will make up 48 percent of the population compared to 30 percent for whites, according to state projections. Blacks are expected to slip from nearly 6 percent in 2010 to just more than 4 percent by 2060, while the Asian population, now just below 13 percent, may grow slightly.
highlights: Whites and Latinos each comprise about 39% of California's population . But Latinos are expected to become the majority by early next year . Whites currently lack a majority in only two states - Hawaii and New Mexico .
id: 3a41663d7cbca67dbd749448e4a2c00be31ae328
chatgpt: California, the most populous state in the United States, is all set to witness a historic shift in demographics as Latinos are projected to become the majority population in the Golden State by early next year. According to the latest estimates, Latinos now constitute about 39% of California’s population, the same as the white population. The rise of Latinos in California can be attributed to both immigration and higher birth rates. As the Trump administration clamped down on immigration, the number of undocumented immigrants in California’s labor force dropped, leading to a decline in the state’s Latino population growth rate. However, this trend has since reversed, with more immigrants coming back to California and giving the state a younger population structure. Meanwhile, white Californians are decreasing in number and proportion, accounting for just 36% of the electorate in the 2018 midterm elections. The trend is gradual, but it’s happening. In fact, whites currently lack a majority in only two states - Hawaii and New Mexico. Experts predict that the demographic shifts in California will continue alongside a new era of racial diversity that will fundamentally change the state’s politics, economy, and culture. The impact of this demographic shift is already being felt in California politics, with Latino politicians winning key elected positions in recent years. Just last year, Xavier Becerra, the state's first Latino attorney general, was re-elected by a landslide with over 60% of the vote. The current mayor of Los Angeles, Eric Garcetti, is also Latino. Many observers see the rise of Latinos in California as a positive development, with the Los Angeles Times recently calling it “a source of strength and a tribute to the resilience of the Latino community”. However, others view it as a threat to white dominance in the state, with some conservatives labeling it as part of a broader “demographic replacement” agenda. As California approaches a Latino-majority population, it will need to confront both challenges and opportunities. The state will have to address the issues of inequality, discrimination, and ensure fair representation for all communities. At the same time, it will also need to harness the potential of the Latino population to drive economic growth and development. In conclusion, California’s demographic shift is a historic moment not just for the state but for the United States as a whole. As the state prepares to become a Latino-majority state, it will need to navigate the transition with care, capitalizing on the opportunities and minimizing the challenges of this new era of diversity.