article: By . Peter Allen . PUBLISHED: . 10:00 EST, 3 October 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 01:58 EST, 4 October 2012 . Second public life: The former head of state was said to claim 'moral' reasons for a return to high office . Nicolas Sarkozy will make an audacious bid to become President of France for the second time in 2017, it was claimed today. Bruno Le Maire, his former agriculture minister, is said to have heard the former head of state claim 'moral' reasons for a return to high office. This is despite the fact that the 57-year-old conservative, who lost the presidential election in May after five years in power, is facing corruption enquiries in France. Le Canard Enchaine, the Paris investigative weekly, quotes Mr Sarkozy as saying: 'Given the disastrous state in which France risks finding itself in five years' time, I will have no choice in 2017. 'The question is not whether I return, but whether I have a choice morally in regards to France not to return. Morally I can not discard the French.' Such confidence will raise eyebrows among those who believe that Sarkozy's electoral defeat to the Socialist Francois Hollande was indicative of how little he achieved. After originally styling himself a French Margaret Thatcher who would reform his country, he presided over a period of economic decline. There were frequent corruption allegations, with official enquiries into alleged wrong-doings still active. Judge Jean-Michel Gentil believes that . Liliane Bettencourt, the L'Oreal cosmetics heiress and France's richest . woman, may have illegally contributed two payments of 400,000 euros . (335,000 pounds) each to Mr Sarkozy's 2007 election campaign. Big talk: Such confidence will raise eyebrows among those who believe that Sarkozy's electoral defeat to the Socialist Francois Hollande (pictured) was indicative of how little he achieved . Judge Renaud Van Ruymbeke is also set to question Mr Sarkozy about his part in the so-called 'Karachi Affair', which involves illegal arms sales to Pakistan and the murders of 11 French workers in a bomb attack. There are also compelling claims that Mr Sarkozy received millions of pounds in illegal funding from Colonel Gaddafi. Mr Sarkozy has regularly denied any . wrong-doing, but has so far made no effort to prove his innocence over . any of the allegations. Friends? There are also compelling claims that Mr Sarkozy received millions of pounds in illegal funding from Colonel Gaddafi (pictured together in 2007) The Paris home he shares with his third wife Carla Bruni, the former supermodel, was raided by police earlier this year, along with offices linked to the former president. Mr Sarkozy has not taken up a new job since losing the election four months ago, but is believed to want to break into the lucrative public speaking circuit. Mr Sarkozy has at least three classes a week in English, as he prepares for his first money-spinning conference in New York in September, where he has been invited by a 'large bank'.
highlights: Mr Sarkozy is quoted as saying: 'Given the state of France, I will have no choice in 2017' He also allegedly said: 'Morally I can not discard the French' This is despite fact he is still facing a corruption probe .
id: d64dde469b20f9ae1e521348a33e46540242001a
chatgpt: Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy has reportedly made a statement regarding his potential candidacy for the presidency in 2017. Sarkozy is quoted as saying, "Given the state of France, I will have no choice in 2017." Despite still being under investigation for corruption allegations, Sarkozy allegedly declared that he cannot, "morally discard the French." The announcement comes as a potential surprise, as Sarkozy is currently caught up in a highly publicized investigation over alleged corruption in his 2012 election campaign. This has not deterred his rumored aspirations for the presidency, however – France has been facing a tough economic climate and he may believe that he is the man to lead the country out of it. The former President's statement has sparked much debate in political circles, with some speculating that Sarkozy is looking for a way to dispose of his legal troubles, while others believe that he may indeed be planning a campaign. Supporters of Sarkozy believe that he is the only viable candidate to lead France out of its current malaise, but his critics assert that the mere fact he is under investigation makes his candidacy unacceptable. Sarkozy remains popular among conservatives, but his recent legal troubles may have damaged his image among the general public. Many feel that the investigation has tarnished the reputation of the former President, and his potential candidacy may be a contentious issue for many French voters. Despite criticism from opponents, Sarkozy remains undeterred, and his announcement will undoubtedly put pressure on other potential candidates to come forward with their own ideas for revitalizing France. With the current economic climate, it's likely that France will be looking for a candidate who can bring stability and growth to the country. Whether Sarkozy will be able to make a successful comeback remains to be seen, but his statement has certainly put him back in the political spotlight. With his resolve to "not discard the French," the former President appears to be gearing up for a challenge – and only time will tell whether he will succeed. In any case, it's clear that the French political landscape is in flux, with several potential candidates rumored to be considering a run for the presidency. Sarkozy's potential candidacy adds another dimension to the discussion, and it will be interesting to see how his announcement is received by the public – and whether his legal troubles will factor into the decision.