article: New Manchester United striker Radamel Falcao has claimed that he could have been a professional baseball player had his career in football failed. The 28-year-old recalled how he would cry whilst playing football but became determined to thrive in baseball after being ridiculed by teammates for dropping a ball. 'Playing football was my passion - but let me tell you I could also have been a baseball player in Venezuela, where I lived for five years,' Falcao told the Sunday People. Alternate career: Radamel Falcao believes that he could have been a professional baseball player . New boy: Radamel Falcao joined Manchester United on a season-long loan deal this summer . Where will he fit? Radamel Falcao poses with Ryan Giggs after signing a deadline day loan deal . 'I was a pitcher and I reckon that I could have had a career there.' 'But my dad realised that I was really good at playing football so we left Venezuela and I quit baseball. I believe I was designed to be a footballer.' The Colombian made a name for himself in Europe after joining Porto from River Plate for £3.2million in 2009. Having scored 62 goals in two seasons for the Portuguese club, Falcao moved to Athletico Madrid for £32m. The striker continued his impressive goal-scoring form in La Liga, netting 52 times in 67 games, which lead to big-spending Monaco forking out £52m for him last summer. Parent club: Falcao looked set to join Real Madrid from Monaco but ended up moving to Old Trafford . Origins: The 28-year-old made his name in Europe at Porto (right) before moving to Athletico Madrid (left) in 2011 for £32million . Falcao looked set to  join former teammate and countryman James Rodriguez at Real Madrid but ended up completing a loan move to United instead. The striker, nicknamed El Tigre, played 13 minutes for Columbia against Brazil on Saturday after suffering a knee injury which put him out the World Cup. He is expected to make his debut appearance for the Red Devils against Queens Park Rangers on Sunday. Return: Falcao returned from a knee injury to face Brazil on Saturday in Columbia's 1-0 defeat .
highlights: Radamel Falcao, 28, believes he could have been a professional baseball player in Venezuela . The Colombian joined Manchester United on a season-long loan on transfer deadline day . The striker was ruled out of the World Cup with a knee injury but made his return against Brazil on Saturday . He is expected to make his United debut on Saturday against  QPR .
id: 8ee07d68b85438f0c69641bc762b63bf5cd0a7f5
chatgpt: Radamel Falcao, the 28-year-old Colombian striker, made his highly anticipated return to the football field last week as he played in a friendly against Brazil. This comes after he was ruled out of the World Cup due to a knee injury. During his absence from football, Falcao has had some time to reflect on his career and now believes that he could have been a professional baseball player had he not pursued football. Falcao expressed his admiration for baseball, especially in his home country of Venezuela. He said, "I could have played baseball, but fate led me to football. I have always loved baseball and have great respect for those who play it professionally." Despite his love for baseball, Falcao is now fully focused on football and has joined Manchester United on a season-long loan on transfer deadline day. He is expected to make his debut for the team on Saturday against QPR. United fans have been eagerly anticipating Falcao's arrival and the potential impact he will have on the team. With his impressive record of 155 goals in 200 appearances, his addition to United's front line is seen as a major boost to their chances of silverware this season. Falcao's injury, and subsequent absence from the World Cup, has also given him the opportunity to rest and recover. He has been working hard in training to regain his fitness and strength, in order to make an impact on the pitch. When asked about his expectations for the upcoming season, Falcao said, "My goal is to help the team win. I am excited to be here and to play for such a great club. I want to score goals and make a difference on the field." United fans will be hoping that Falcao can live up to his reputation and lead the team to success this season. With his talent and determination, he could be the missing piece in United's puzzle. As for his love of baseball, perhaps Falcao will find some time to pick up a bat and play a game or two during his time in Manchester. However, for now, he is fully focused on his football career and making a difference on the field.