article: Seven men sought by police investigating racist chanting at a mainline station following a Chelsea Champions League football match earlier this month have all been identified, police said. Britsh Transport Police (BTP) said they would be interviewed in due course. BTP had released images of seven men taken at St Pancras International station in London at around 8pm on February 18. Photographs of seven men have been released by police investigating racist chanting in London . A group of men were at St Pancras International station when they reportedly engaged in racist chanting . British Transport Police are appealing to identify the men pictured on February 18 at around 8pm . This was the day after an incident on the Paris Metro before Chelsea's match with Paris St Germain when a man was subjected to alleged racist abuse. In a statement today, solicitor John Kaye, who has been engaged by Chelsea fan Jamie Fairbairn, 23, said his client had accepted being among those in the carriage of the Metro train in Paris during the incident involving a black man, Souleymane Sylla, on the evening of February 17. He added that Mr Fairbairn denies preventing Mr Sylla from boarding or using words of a racist or threatening nature, and also denies saying anything of a racist nature during his visit to Paris or later at St Pancras. Jose Mourinho admitted he felt 'ashamed' by the racially-motivated incident involving Chelsea fans . Commuter Souleymane S attempts to board a train but is refused entry by fans in a separate incident . The man attempts to forcibly gain entry to the Paris Metro train but struggles with passengers on board . He said Mr Fairbairn was not even present during the alleged racist chanting incident at St Pancras. The solicitor added that media interest in the story had forced Mr Fairbairn to move away from his home and he had been suspended from work. 'On behalf of Mr Fairbairn, I have been in contact with the Metropolitan Police to offer Mr Fairbairn's assistance as a witness,' Mr Kaye said. The amateur footage goes on to show passengers in the carriage following the disgraceful incident . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
highlights: The incident  occurred at London St Pancras last Wednesday . British Transport Police say they travelled by train from Paris to London . It was a day after Chelsea fans allegedly forcibly blocked a black passenger from boarding a train in Paris . All seven men sought by police have now been identified and will be interviewed in due course .
id: 6a5327ac3519a6140c9fd33ff5f6bcd5abb4cbff
chatgpt: On Wednesday, an incident took place at London St Pancras that has sparked further investigation by the British Transport Police. According to reports, seven men who had travelled from Paris to London by train were identified as being potentially involved in an altercation that occurred the previous day. The incident in question allegedly involved Chelsea fans forcibly preventing a black passenger from boarding their train in Paris. The conflict has raised concerns about racism and discrimination in the world of football, which has been plagued by similar issues in recent years. The British Transport Police have confirmed that all seven men involved in the recent incident have been identified and will be interviewed in due course. The incident has garnered attention from fans and advocates alike, many of whom are calling on authorities to take action against those involved. The British Transport Police have stated that they are committed to investigating the matter fully and will be working closely with other agencies to ensure justice is served. This incident comes at a time when the role and responsibilities of football fans, particularly those associated with high-profile teams, are being scrutinized more closely. As the world becomes increasingly aware of the issues of racism, sexism, and other forms of discrimination, fans are being held to higher standards of conduct, both inside and outside the stadium. It remains to be seen what the outcome of this investigation will be, but many are hoping that it will send a clear message that discrimination and violence will not be tolerated. As fans and advocates continue to push for change, the world of football will need to evolve and adapt to meet these new expectations. Only then can we move towards a future where all fans feel safe and welcome, regardless of their race, gender, or any other characteristic. In conclusion, the incident at London St Pancras last Wednesday has sparked outrage and concern over the issue of discrimination in football. The British Transport Police have identified all seven men involved in the incident and will be conducting interviews in due course. This incident highlights the need for fans to be held to higher standards of conduct and reminds us of the importance of creating a welcoming and inclusive environment for all fans.