article: Sampdoria have not given up hope of signing Samuel Eto'o but negotiations with Everton are proving more complicated than the Italian club first expected. Eto'o is reported to have agreed an 18-month contract with the Serie A side and to be willing to reduce his wages by 40 per cent in order to return to Italy, but the 33-year-old has yet to reach an agreement to leave Goodison Park. Sampdoria had hoped to complete Eto'o's transfer earlier this month but now face competition after the New York Cosmos joined the race to sign the Cameroon forward, who is contracted at Everton until June 2016. Sampdoria are hopeful of completing a move for 33-year-old Everton and Cameroon striker Samuel Eto'o . Eto'o joined Everton from Chelsea in the summer, but looks set to leave Merseyside after just five months . 'I haven't been working in football for long and can say this is a strange working environment,' Sampdoria president Massimo Ferrero told Sky Italia. 'People say one thing and then do another. 'We went to London and then there was a turn of events because nobody can figure out who is in charge at Everton. 'But we are getting to a breakthrough. Eto'o is very eager to come and play at Sampdoria. 'We are down to the last details. What are the chances of the move being completed? Let's be cautious and say 50 per cent.' Eto'o is tackled by Manchester City's Yaya Toure during the Premier League game at the Etihad Stadium . Eto'o joined the Toffees just five months ago after being released by Chelsea and has scored four goals in 20 appearances. The four-time African Footballer of the Year spent two seasons at Inter Milan and was a member of the 2010 treble-winning side that won the Serie A title, Coppa Italia and Champions League under Jose Mourinho. Sampdoria are looking to strengthen their attacking line after selling their top scorer Manolo Gabbiadini to Napoli earlier this month. The Genoa outfit, coached by Sinisa Mihajlovic, are fourth in Serie A, level on 33 points with third-placed Napoli at the halfway stage of the season. Eto'o opens the scoring with a header for Everton during the Toffees' 3-1 win at Burnley in October . The striker, who has won the African Player of the Year Award four times, sealed a brace at Turf Moor .
highlights: Sampdoria remain keen to sign Everton forward Samuel Eto'o . However, talks have stalled with the Merseyside club . New York Cosmos are also interested in signing the striker . Eto'o joined Everton from Chelsea just five months ago .
id: 61d73b0d26a22c1e887310242abf95854e4a0a97
chatgpt: Italian Serie A side Sampdoria are still keen on signing Samuel Eto'o from Everton, but talks between the two clubs have stalled. The former Cameroon international only joined the Merseyside club in the summer from Chelsea, but has struggled for playing time in recent weeks. Sampdoria have been tracking the 33-year-old for some time and were hoping to be able to strike a deal in January, either on loan or permanently. However, negotiations have hit a roadblock, and it is uncertain if the two clubs will be able to come to an agreement before the transfer window closes at the end of the month. Despite the setback, Sampdoria remain optimistic that they can sign the former Barcelona striker. The Italian outfit are keen to add more firepower to their forward line, having already snapped up Italy international Eder from Empoli this month. Meanwhile, it has been reported that New York Cosmos have entered the race to sign Eto'o. The NASL side, who have recently rebranded from New York Cosmos to New York Cosmos B, have links to the striker through their president, Eric Cantona. However, it remains to be seen whether Eto'o would be interested in a move to the United States. The forward has previously spoken of his desire to finish his career in Europe, and it is possible that he may prefer a return to the continent rather than a move across the Atlantic. Eto'o started his career with Real Madrid before making his name at Barcelona, where he won three La Liga titles and two Champions League titles. He also played for Inter Milan, where he won another Champions League title, and Anzhi Makhachkala before joining Chelsea on a free transfer last summer. Despite his impressive record at the highest level, Eto'o has struggled to make an impact in the Premier League this season. He has made just 13 appearances for Everton, scoring four goals, but has found himself on the bench for several recent games. Whether he ends up moving to Italy or the United States, it seems clear that Eto'o's future lies away from Goodison Park. Everton have been linked with several attacking targets over the past few months, and it is likely that they will look to move the former Cameroon international on in order to free up space in their squad and wages to pursue other targets.