article: Madison, Wisconsin (CNN) -- A contentious political battle that brought thousands to the state Capitol drew to a close Friday as Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker signed into law a bill that curbs the bargaining rights of most state workers. "We were elected to make tough decisions," Walker told reporters, lauding his administration's efforts to prevent employee layoffs and tax increases. "We gave local governments the tools they need to balance their budgets." Republicans cleared a final hurdle to the controversial proposal Thursday, passing the bill one day after the state's GOP-controlled Senate approved an amended version of the measure, despite the absence of 14 Democratic senators who fled the state to prevent a necessary quorum of 20 votes. The amended bill stripped the spending components out of the original proposal, enabling lawmakers to pass the measure with fewer votes. Cries of "Shame, shame, shame!" filled the Capitol building after the Assembly vote. The weeks-long standoff reached a fever pitch Thursday after a spokesman for Republican Senate Majority Leader Scott Fitzgerald said the leader received two death threats that detailed the ways in which the writer claimed Fitzgerald would be killed. Demonstrators, some of whom spent nights sleeping inside the Capitol rotunda in protest, had blocked entrances to the state legislature Thursday, chanting "Let us in" as police struggled to keep order. Lawmakers were later able to access the building through the one open entrance. Walker consistently defended the bill, which allows the state to avoid property tax increases and public-sector layoffs while trying to balance the budget. Senate Democrats called the bill an attack on worker rights, filing a complaint with the Dane County District Attorney's Office, claiming the Senate's vote violated Wisconsin's Open Meetings Law. GOP lawmakers say the bill's passage will help Wisconsin close a $137 million budget shortfall with a plan that requires public workers, with the exception of police and firefighters, to cover more of their retirement plan contributions and health care premiums. Raises would be tied to the rate of inflation, unless state voters approve an exception. The legislation also requires unions to hold a new certification vote every year, and unions would no longer be allowed to collect dues from workers' paychecks. Unions mobilized their supporters to oppose the bill, drawing tens of thousands of people to rallies opposing Walker and supporting the fugitive Democrats. By Thursday evening, at least one Democrat -- Sen. Jim Holperin -- had returned to his home state.
highlights: A bill curtailing the bargaining rights of most state workers is signed into law . The signing follows weeks of protests . Democrats called the bill an attack on worker rights .
id: 81aae88fb79d3c1b3e6e9252a407320b5a58b3b2
chatgpt: After weeks of protests, a controversial bill curtailing the bargaining rights of most state workers in America has been signed into law. The move has sparked outrage amongst Democrats, who have labeled it as an attack on worker rights. The bill, which was signed on Tuesday, restricts public sector unions from negotiating anything other than wages, and prohibits unions from requiring workers to pay union fees. This means that state workers such as teachers, police officers, and firefighters will no longer have the ability to collectively bargain on issues such as workplace conditions, health care benefits, and retirement plans. For many state workers, this bill signals a significant decline in their ability to advocate for fair working conditions and wages. However, supporters of the bill argue that it will help save taxpayer money and promote efficiency in state government, as unions will have less influence over the negotiations. The signing of the bill marks the end of a highly charged and tense period in American politics. Over the last few weeks, thousands of protesters have gathered at the state Capitol building in a show of opposition, with some even camping out in the rain and snow to make their voices heard. The bill's approval comes at a time when many states are grappling with budget deficits and rising costs of health care and pensions. While some states are cutting spending and laying off workers, supporters of the bill believe that this measure will help prevent future financial crises. However, critics argue that the bill is a thinly veiled attempt to undermine union influence and benefits. They contend that the legislation is part of a larger push by Republican-controlled states to weaken the bargaining power of unions, a trend that began in 2011 with Wisconsin's controversial union bargaining law. Despite the controversy, lawmakers who support the bill say it's necessary to curb the rising costs of government operations in the state. They argue that the current system places too much power in the hands of unions and that the new measure will ensure that taxpayers are prioritized in the negotiation process. In the end, only time will tell whether this new legislation is a net positive or negative for state workers and taxpayers alike. What is clear, though, is that this bill will remain a hot button issue for some time to come.