article: Like everyone else, Argentina coach Alejandro Sabella was at a loss to explain Brazil's collapse to lose 7-1 to Germany in the semi-finals of its home World Cup. Sabella says the best explanation he has for the result was that 'football is illogical.' Argentina's players watched the end of the game on television at Itaquerao Stadium in Sao Paulo on Tuesday night, delaying their training session for around 20 minutes and only appearing on the field after Brazil-Germany had finished in Belo Horizonte. Scroll down for video... Illogical: Alejandro Sabella (C) cannot explain Brazil's 7-1 defeat by Germany . Perked up: Argentina players watched Brazil's loss before returning to training . Terrible twosome: Lionel Messi and Sergio Aguero train in Sao Paulo . Crock star: Injured Angel Di Maria managed some light running . VIDEO Team Profile: Argentina highlights . Sabella said the result was clearly 'not . normal ... but in football you have to expect these things. It's . football. It's the most illogical of sports.' Argentina play the Netherlands in the second semi-final on Wednesday for the right to face Germany in the final. 'I can't confirm the starting line up just yet but Enzo Pérez is likely to replace Angel Di Maria on the left,' said the Albiceleste boss. 'I think this group of players have already won [by reaching last four]. Let's see if they win more. I'm proud.' Bench mark: Sergio Aguero (R) returned to training but is unlikely to start . Pat on the head: Sabella prepares his team for their semi-final against Holland . Making history: Captain Messi will strive to lead his side to a final date with Germany . High spirits: Argentina players looked relaxed during the training session ahead of their semi-final . Respect is due: Sabella had high praise for Holland coach Louis van Gaal . VIDEO All Star XI: Lionel Messi highlights . Manchester City striker Sergio Aguero has returned to fitness, although Sabella hinted that he would not start the game. 'He's a bit better. Let's see the circumstances of the game, if we need him.' The 59-year-old was under no illusion at the task of hand against Holland, and reserved special praise for the Dutch manager Louis van Gaal. 'He is superb at coming up with game plans, proved it with career trajectory, very intelligent man,' he said.
highlights: Alejandro Sabella can't explain Brazil's 7-1 defeat by Germany . Argentina coach could only say that 'football is illogical' Albiceleste face Holland in the World Cup semi-finals on Wednesday . Sergio Aguero has returned to training but is unlikely to start .
id: 6c8fb239003969552b3c2a6e6c2c77cf8d0bed24
chatgpt: Football fans around the world are still reeling from Germany's stunning 7-1 victory over Brazil in the World Cup semi-finals. Even Alejandro Sabella, the coach of Argentina, the team that will face Holland in the other semi-final match, could not explain what happened. In a press conference, Sabella was asked for his opinion on the result of the Germany-Brazil match, and he replied, "Football is illogical." While this may seem like a simple and unsatisfying answer to some, Sabella was perhaps recognizing the fact that, in football, there can be unexpected twists and turns, and that anything can happen on the field. Sabella will now focus on his own team, which is set to play Holland on Wednesday, July 9th. While he had good news to report, with the return of striker Sergio Aguero to training, he also indicated that Aguero is unlikely to start the match. This may be a disappointment to some Argentina fans, as Aguero is one of the team's most talented players, but Sabella may be taking a cautious approach to his star player's recovery from injury. Argentina will have to be at their best if they hope to get past Holland and make it to the World Cup final. The Dutch team is renowned for its attacking prowess, with the likes of Arjen Robben and Robin van Persie on hand to score goals. However, Argentina has some potent attacking weapons of its own, including Lionel Messi and Gonzalo Higuain. Both teams will be aware that the stakes are high, as they are just two wins away from lifting the World Cup trophy. For Argentina, it has been a long journey to get this far, with some tense matches along the way. They will be looking to their experienced players, including Angel Di Maria and Javier Mascherano, to help guide them to victory. As for Sabella, he will be hoping that his team can replicate Germany's dominant performance against Brazil. It may be illogical to expect such a result, but in football, anything is possible. When Argentina takes on Holland on Wednesday, fans of both teams will be on the edge of their seats, eagerly awaiting the outcome of this highly-anticipated match.