article: Khartoum, Sudan (CNN) -- A Sudanese government delegation plans to leave peace talks with rebels from the country's western Darfur region Friday, the country's official news agency reported. The presidential advisor in charge of the talks for the government, however, said the departure does not mean the government is withdrawing from the talks, which have been taking place in Doha, Qatar. "This does not mean that we are not willing to look over the final draft of the peace deal produced by these negotiators over the coming hours or days," the Sudan News Agency quoted the advisor, Ghazi Salaheldin, as saying. "That can happen without the presence of the government delegation in Doha." If a draft document emerges from the talks, "it will be the foundation for a conference in Darfur. We do not want peace to be blocked," Salaheldin said, according to the Sudan News Agency. The Sudanese president, Omar al-Bashir, said this week that his negotiators would leave if an agreement was not reached by Thursday. Al-Bashir, who is wanted by the International Criminal Court for war crimes in the western Darfur region, said he would not deal with rebels bearing arms after the talks ended in Doha. "These (rebel) movements are enjoying the negotiation process and their residency in foreign hotels while the people of Darfur are suffering the flames of war," al-Bashir said. "We will not negotiate with anyone who carries a gun and claims to lead an armed group that represents the will of the people." The anti-government Justice and Equality Movement, a rebel movement in Darfur, called al-Bashir's statement a declaration of war. "What the president said yesterday has blocked the way ahead on the road to a political solution," said a statement from Ahmed Hussein Adam, a spokesman for the group. "It is a declaration of war and a limiting of any future chance for peace." Fighting erupted in Darfur in 2003 between rebel groups and al-Bashir's Arab-dominated government in Khartoum. More than 300,000 people have been killed in this desolate region, where hopes for peace have gone up and down over the last few months. Negotiators had previously set a December 31 deadline for agreement in the peace talks, which have so far not made much progress. The deadline was ahead of a key referendum on independence for Southern Sudan that begins January 9. North and South, dominated by non-Arab Christians and animists, have fought one of Africa's longest-running civil wars. The Darfur conflict is separate from the North-South divide, but independence for the South could help embolden rebels in Darfur.
highlights: The Sudanese government is leaving peace talks with rebels from Darfur . The president has been indicted for war crimes there . Roughly 300,000 have been killed in Darfur since 2003 .
id: fa477e33671805ece0b3a825f074a117890f0262
chatgpt: The Sudanese government has decided to withdraw from the ongoing peace talks with rebels from the Darfur region. The decision comes in the light of the fact that the Sudanese President, Omar al-Bashir, has been indicted for war crimes in Darfur.  The President was accused of leading a brutal campaign against the people of Darfur, which left an estimated 300,000 people dead since 2003. Despite the severity of the charges against him, al-Bashir has remained defiant and refused to appear before the International Criminal Court (ICC) to answer to the charges against him.  The peace talks, which began in Juba, the capital of South Sudan, were aimed at finding a lasting solution to the conflict that has plagued the region for over a decade. The Sudanese government had previously been involved in negotiations with rebel groups from Darfur in an effort to end the violence and bring peace to the region.  However, the decision to leave the talks has dealt a significant blow to the peace process, raising fears that the conflict could escalate even further. The rebels have also expressed their disappointment with the Sudanese government's decision, saying that it was "regrettable."  "The government's decision to withdraw from the peace talks is a major setback for the people of Darfur who have been suffering for years," said one of the rebel leaders. "We had hoped that the talks would lead to a peaceful resolution to the conflict, but it seems that the government is not interested in finding a solution." The international community has also been quick to condemn the Sudanese government's decision to leave the talks. The United Nations (UN) has called on all parties to resume negotiations and work towards a lasting peace in the region.  "The situation in Darfur remains a major concern for the UN, and we urge all parties to remain committed to the peace process," said a spokesperson for the UN. "We believe that a lasting solution can be found through dialogue and negotiation." Despite the setback, the rebels remain committed to finding a peaceful resolution to the conflict. They have called on the Sudanese government to reconsider its decision and return to the negotiating table.  "We are still willing to engage in peace talks with the government," said one of the rebel leaders. "We believe that only through dialogue and negotiation can we find a lasting solution to the conflict in Darfur." The future of the peace talks remains uncertain, but one thing is clear: the people of Darfur are in desperate need of an end to the violence and suffering that has plagued the region for far too long. It is up to all parties to work towards a peaceful resolution to the conflict and bring hope to the people of Darfur.