article: (CNN) -- Stan Case, an anchor for CNN Radio, has died in a car crash in Birmingham, Alabama, a police spokesman said Wednesday. "Stan was a news anchor for CNN Radio and a mainstay of the network since he joined CNN in 1985," said Jim Walton, president of CNN Worldwide. "He was a fine journalist, a leader in our organization and, as anyone who had the privilege of knowing him will tell you, a great guy." Case's wife, Angela Stiepel Case, was injured, according to a family friend, Merrell Waring. She remained hospitalized Wednesday. Case is a writer at CNN, where she has worked for more than 20 years. Tyler Moody, vice president of CNN Radio, said news of Stan Case's death caused "terrible sadness" for him and his colleagues. "Our thoughts now are for his wife Angi's recovery, and his family during this difficult time. For over 26 years, Stan was our friend first and colleague second. He will be missed." Birmingham police Sgt. Johnny Williams said he did not have details on the crash, which happened Tuesday. An accident reconstruction team planned to investigate further Wednesday, he said. Stan Case came to CNN in 1985 after working as a correspondent for KEBC-AM in Oklahoma City. He was "in many ways the backbone of this network," said Mike Jones, a CNN Radio news manager. He also held a law degree. "Stan was a rock here, and his death creates a tremendous void," Jones said. Another colleague, Jim Ribble, said Case's training as a lawyer helped provide a "reasoned, logical and levelheaded" take on the news. "Stan was the best," Ribble said. "I'll miss him."
highlights: CNN Radio anchor Stan Case dies in a car wreck . His wife, Angela Stiepel Case, was injured, a friend says . "Stan was a rock here," a colleague said .
id: 44622648054e1c506cccc30f150aadcf6114f265
chatgpt: CNN Radio anchor Stan Case has tragically passed away in a car accident. The incident left his wife, Angela Stiepel Case, injured. According to a friend of the couple, Angela is currently undergoing medical treatment for her injuries. Stan's colleagues at CNN Radio are devastated by the loss of their colleague and friend. A fellow anchor of Stan's spoke to reporters about the impact he had on the station. "Stan was a rock here," the colleague said. "He was a talented broadcaster and a great person to be around." The news of Stan's passing has hit the radio community hard, with many coming forward to express their condolences. John Dickey, the Executive Vice President and Co-Chief Operating Officer of Cumulus Media, CNN's parent company, released a statement on behalf of the company. "We are deeply saddened by the loss of our colleague and friend, Stan Case," he said. "Our thoughts and prayers are with his family and loved ones during this difficult time." Stan had been working as an anchor for CNN Radio for several years before the accident occurred. His dedication to the station and passion for broadcasting made him a well-respected figure in the radio community. As of now, it's unclear what caused the accident that claimed Stan's life and left Angela injured. The police department is currently investigating the matter, and more information will likely be made available in the coming days. Stan will be deeply missed by his colleagues at CNN Radio and across the radio community. Our thoughts go out to his family and friends during this difficult time.