article: They say two heads are better than one - but this horse seems to be taking the phrase quite literally! Photographer Geoffrey Baker, 57, was stunned when he checked out a snap he'd taken of a wild pony - but discovered it appeared to have grown a second head. Bird watcher Geoffrey, from Port Talbot, South Wales, had taken out his camera to capture rare birds on film. Optical illusion: Photographer Geoffrey Baker managed to snap what appeared to be a two-headed horse on a hill overlooking Three Cliffs bay on the Gower Peninsular . But after an unsuccessful day's twitching with a friend, Geoffrey turned his attentions to the ponies nearby. And more through luck than any design, he managed to capture he exact moment when one of the ponies turned, creating the striking optical illusion of a horse with two heads. It was not until Geoffrey looked at his camera's display that he realised how his split-second timing had caught the amazing image. He said: 'A friend had bought a two-man folding chair hide and he asked if I wanted to test it out with him, in an area of gorse up on the hill called 'Cefn Bryn' overlooking the beautiful Three Cliffs bay on the Gower Peninsular. Beauty spot: Geoffrey Baker was birdwatching on a hill overlooking the stunning Three Cliffs bay in Gower Peninsula near Swansea when he photographed the 'two-headed horse' 'I got up at 5am and we sat for hours waiting for some birds but only one landed all morning. 'We noticed some wild ponies in the distance so I put my 1.7x converter on my Nikon D3 and 200-400mm lens and took some shots. 'I saw one pony coming out from behind a bush so I waited and when it turned its head to look at us, I instinctively pressed the shutter button. 'When I then looked at it on my camera's LCD screen to check exposure, I noticed that there were in fact two horses side by side. 'I think my photo of a two-headed horse turned out to be better than any I could have taken of birds!' The optical illusion is created when the distance between the two horses is foreshortened by the telephoto lens used by Geoffrey. Over long distances, this effect causes the two subjects to appear much much closer than they really are.
highlights: Geoffrey Baker captured the striking optical illusion of two-headed horse while out birdwatching .
id: 7ca22a4e4ed062cad1ae2b15a9ab410f1def809b
chatgpt: Geoffrey Baker, an avid birdwatcher, captured a rare and striking optical illusion while out on one of his birdwatching excursions. The photograph he took depicts a two-headed horse. The image has been doing rounds on social media platforms and has stunned many with its peculiar and awe-inspiring aspects. Mr. Baker was in the middle of taking pictures of a group of birds when he stumbled upon the two-headed horse on an adjoining field. He couldn't believe what he was seeing and quickly grabbed his camera to capture the moment. The horse was galloping at a distance, and he used his camera's zoom function to snap the shot. When he first shared the picture with his friends and family, they too were in shock at the surreal image in the picture. According to Mr. Baker, the moment was so surreal that he had to pinch himself to make sure he wasn't dreaming. In reality, the supposed two-headed horse is merely a result of an optical illusion. In the photograph, one can see two horses running side by side, seemingly attached in the middle. However, what's actually happened is that the second horse is running so close to the first that it appears as though their bodies have combined into one, giving the illusion of two heads. Mr. Baker now hopes that his picture will bring attention to the wonders of optical illusions and how sometimes our eyes can deceive us. He is also happy to showcase the beauty of the countryside and the many animals that one can encounter during a birdwatching excursion. The photograph has garnered attention on social media, with people from all over the world marveling at the incredible and unique optical illusion. Some have even commented that they've never seen anything quite like it before. While it may have been an optical illusion, Mr. Baker's photograph has brought joy and amazement to many around the world. It's proof that even in the unassuming moments of birdwatching, we can witness something extraordinary and truly magical.