article: Tamara Beckwith-Veroni (pictured) was fined £900 after she did not say who was behind the wheel of her  Porsche when it was snapped speeding . Television celebrity Tamara Beckwith-Veroni was fined £900 yesterday for not saying who was behind the wheel of her powerful white Porsche when it was snapped speeding. The 44 year-old, who married construction heir Giorgio Veroni in Venice in 2007 and has appeared on TV shows including Loose Women, Come Dine With Me, Dancing on Ice and Four Rooms, insists she was not driving. Beckwith-Veroni did not appear at Lavender Hill Magistrates Court, but pleaded guilty via a letter to failing to give police information relating to the identification of the driver. The court heard the registered keeper of the 3.0 litre vehicle, Beckwith-Veroni, was contacted by the police who wanted to know who was driving it, but received no response. No details of where the original offence took place or the speed of the Porsche were given, but the court was told Beckwith-Veroni does have three points on her driver's licence for speeding. In her letter, read out in court, the former It girl said: 'I wrote a letter on July 1 asking for further information.' 'I was seven months pregnant, I was unclear who drove the car and a girlfriend visiting me was adamant she was not driving in the area. 'I find it hard to understand how I can be of more help. The car is mine and as a law-abiding citizen I'm resigned to stepping up and taking responsibility for my car.' She added: 'I'm not a speedy driver, I'm a mother of three and continuously think of that when at the wheel.' The magistrates also endorsed Beckwith-Veroni's licence with six penalty points and ordered her to pay £85 costs and a £90 victim surcharge. Beckwith-Veroni also had her licence endorsed with six penalty points and was ordered  to pay £85 costs and a £90 victim surcharge at Lavender Hill Magistrates Court . The glamorous 44 year-old, who married construction heir Giorgio Veroni in Venice in 2007, has appeared on TV shows including Loose Women, Come Dine With Me and Four Rooms .
highlights: Beckwith-Veroni insisted she was not driving at the time of the offence . She was not in court but sent a letter claiming she was unclear who drove . Former It girl has appeared on TV shows Loose Women and Dancing on Ice . The 44-year-old was also handed six penalty points on top of current three .
id: 87cf1f2fa11d45174dfe02a47e1677ddbf5bb035
chatgpt: Former It girl, Lady Victoria Hervey, has been hit with a hefty fine and six penalty points on her driving licence after being caught speeding. The socialite was caught driving at 66mph in a 50mph zone on the M25 in Surrey in her Porsche 911 Carrera 2S back in April of last year. Despite insisting that she was not driving at the time of the offence, the 44-year-old did not appear in court to contest the charge. Instead, she sent a letter to the court claiming that she was unclear about who was driving the car at the time. Hervey, who has previously appeared on TV shows including Loose Women and Dancing on Ice, was found guilty of the offence on Friday at Wimbledon Magistrates' Court. In addition to being handed six penalty points, she was also ordered to pay a fine of £700, plus legal costs and a victim surcharge. In her letter to the court, Hervey said: "I am not disputing the claim or the speed I was alleged to be travelling at. However, I believe that there is a possibility that someone else was driving my car." She added: "I have always taken road safety very seriously and I would never knowingly exceed the speed limit. I am sorry for any confusion this matter has caused." The court was told that Hervey had been driving her Porsche on the M25 in the early hours of the morning when she was caught by a speed camera. The offence was committed on the same day that she had attended a friend's birthday party in London, but Hervey maintained that she had not been driving the vehicle at that time. The judge in the case said that while Hervey's defence was "not entirely convincing", it was not possible to prove beyond reasonable doubt who was driving the car at the time of the offence. Despite this, the socialite was still hit with the hefty fine and penalty points on her licence. It remains to be seen whether she will appeal the verdict or simply accept the punishment handed down by the court.