article: By . Alex Greig . PUBLISHED: . 02:05 EST, 26 January 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 02:05 EST, 26 January 2014 . Employees at an Austin, Texas camera equipment store have created a comical version of security footage of a somewhat inept thief breaking into their store. Last Saturday at 1:28am, the thief stole several items from Texas Media Systems. The hilarious video shows surveillance footage of the robbery, set to the Mission Impossible theme song played by chorus of kazoos. Breaking in: The thief finally breaks through the shop's glass door before fumbling with the green screen . Mad dash: He runs into the store wielding a sledgehammer . The thief can be seen incompetently trying to break through the store's glass doors. Finally entering the store after outwitting a green screen, the thief, wielding a sledgehammer, smashes display cabinets and other items in his artless attempt at thievery. With each item the robber steals, a graphic appears over the security footage detailing the piece of equipment and its worth. Among the loot is a $60 mixer, a $299 boom microphone and a $400 camera. Loot: The inept thief gets his hands on a $60 mixer . Smashed glass: The thief caused a lot of damage but stole just a few relatively worthless items from the store . The bumbling burglar darts around the store, at one point dropping an expensive piece of equipment only to grab a significantly cheaper item in its stead. The video was posted on YouTube with the description: 'Our store got broken into. Judging from the surveillance video the thief doesn't seem to be highly skilled in his area.' The second half of the video, which features the burglar trying to leave the store, is set to Queen's Bohemian Rhasody - with kazoos, of course. The robber kicks his way out of the store, losing his mask as he goes, dropping all the things he stole and falling over onto the prone green screen. Blind robber: The owners of the store, which carries very expensive film and audio equipment, can't believe they weren't robbed blind in the incident . Trouble: The thief slips over on his old nemesis the green screen as he tries to take the stolen goods out of the store . Getaway car: He finally leaves the scene in what looks like a rather expensive vehicle (seen out of the shop windows) He finally leaves Texas Media Systems with a total of $1,358 worth of stolen goods, from a store that carries cameras worth upwards of $10,000 and a set of lenses worth $46,000. Employees of Texas Media Systems note that the thief speeds away from the scene in what appears to be a $40,000 Nissan GTR getaway car. The video was posted Saturday and already has more than 35,000 views. The thief clearly didn't anticipate, despite robbing a store that deals in cameras and film equipment, that employees turn their misfortune into a cinematic triumph cum viral internet hit. According to KVUE, the clumsy thief has not yet been apprehended.
highlights: A bumbling thief robbed a Texas camera and audio store last Saturday, making off with $1,400 of goods . Texas Media Systems carries cameras worth tens of thousands of dollars and a set of lenses worth $46,000 . Store employees made a video of the robbery using the security footage set to the Mission Impossible theme - played by kazoos . The video has been viewed more than 35,000 times .
id: 0ea6d39e6121c8770e3576fc05824923fc09ed93
chatgpt: A hapless thief in Texas made off with a paltry $1,400 worth of goods after robbing a camera and audio store last weekend. The store itself, Texas Media Systems, carries cameras that are worth tens of thousands of dollars and a set of lenses that are valued at a whopping $46,000. Despite the relatively minor haul, the heist has garnered a lot of attention thanks to the store's clever security footage. Employees at the store set the video to the Mission Impossible theme, which was played on kazoos to hilarious effect. The video has since been viewed more than 35,000 times on social media. The robbery took place on the evening of June 26, when the thief entered the store wielding a hammer. He made his way to a display case and used the hammer to break the glass, grabbing several items before making his escape. Thankfully, no one was injured during the robbery. The store's security cameras captured the entire incident, and employees quickly set to work turning the footage into a viral hit. They synced the video to the iconic Mission Impossible theme, complete with kazoo accompaniment, and shared it on social media. The video quickly went viral, with more than 35,000 views in just a few days. Many people commented on the clever editing and the humor of the kazoo accompaniment. For the employees at Texas Media Systems, the video was a way to take the sting out of an otherwise frustrating incident. "[The robbery] is not funny, but the edit was hilarious," said store manager Daniel Norton. "We try to keep it light." The thief is still at large, and police are asking anyone with information to come forward. They have released the security footage in hopes that someone will recognize the suspect and provide leads in the investigation. Meanwhile, the store is trying to move on from the incident and get back to business as usual. "We're working on getting the display case fixed," Norton explained. "And we're trying not to let [the robbery] get us down." The store's viral video has certainly helped to boost morale, with employees enjoying the sudden influx of attention. "It was a lot of fun," Norton admitted. "We've had a lot of people come in and say they saw the video." As for the thief, his bumbling heist has become something of a cautionary tale. Breaking into a camera store may seem like an easy way to make a quick buck, but as the video demonstrates, it's not always that simple. In the end, the thief may have made off with a few items, but he also unwittingly provided a few laughs for people around the world.