article: Frank Lampard's winner for Manchester City saw the midfielder equal Thierry Henry's all-time Barclays Premier League total of 175 goals. Lampard has scored for West Ham, Chelsea and City during his 19-year career, and is now just three goals  from Wayne Rooney's total of 178. The 36-year-old has been instrumental since arriving at the Etihad on loan from New York City, and it's no wonder manager Manuel Pellegrini is keen to keep Lampard in Manchester. Frank Lampard put City 1-0 up to match Thierry Henry's all-time record in the Premier League of 175 goals . Lampard runs away in celebration after giving City the lead at the King Power Stadium on Saturday . Lampard yet again came up good for Manchester City as he gave them the lead in the 40th minute . Lampard (right) during his time with Chelsea as Arsenal's Henry (left) tries to tackle the midfielder . 260 - Alan Shearer (Blackburn, Newcastle) 187 - Andrew Cole (Newcastle, Manchester United, Blackburn, Fulham, Manchester City, Portsmouth) 178 - Wayne Rooney (Everton, Manchester United) 175 - Frank Lampard (West Ham, Chelsea, Manchester City) 175 - Thierry Henry (Arsenal) 162 - Robbie Fowler (Liverpool, Leeds, Manchester City) 150 - Michael Owen (Liverpool, Newcastle, Manchester United, Stoke) Any hope of the former England international going beyond Henry's total on Saturday was taken away when he was substituted for James Milner after 60 minutes. A handshake was exchanged between Pellegrini and Lampard, who had done his job in the first half by giving a City side without Sergio Aguero or Edin Dzeko the lead. '175 @premierleague goals for Frank Lampard who has now equalled Thierry Henry's goalscoring exploits. Not bad for a midfielder!' posted City's official Twitter. Rooney is likely to get his chance to pull away from Lampard on Sunday when United face Liverpool at Old Trafford. Lampard may not have time to catch up to Andrew Cole, however, if he leaves the Etihad. Cole got 187 goals during his playing days for Newcastle,  Blackburn, Fulham, Portsmouth and both Manchester clubs. Alan Shearer tops the lot, netting 260 for Blackburn and Newcastle. Lampard acknowledges manager Manuel Pellegrini as he goes off in the second half after giving them the lead . Lampard can pass Henry's total of 175 goals with one more in the Premier League with City .
highlights: Frank Lampard has equalled Thierry Henry's total of Premier League goals . Lampard's first half goal won Manchester City the game against Leicester . The former Chelsea midfielder is three away from Wayne Rooney on 178 . City manager Manuel Pellegrini wants Lampard to stay at the Etihad .
id: bf3679e7b969f668ee49fa74badaeb49dc901f95
chatgpt: Frank Lampard has further cemented himself as a Premier League legend by equaling Thierry Henry's total of 175 Premier League goals. Lampard's first-half goal helped his side, Manchester City, to a crucial 1-0 victory over Leicester on Saturday. The former Chelsea midfielder's poaching instincts were on full display as he reacted quickest to a loose ball in the penalty area, tucking it neatly past Kasper Schmeichel. Not only did Lampard's goal secure an important three points for City, it also brought him one step closer to another record. With 175 goals, Lampard is now just three behind the all-time Premier League leading scorer, Wayne Rooney, who has 178 to his name. City manager Manuel Pellegrini was quick to praise Lampard after the match, saying "Frank is a very important player for us. He has shown his quality time and time again, and it's great to see him performing at such a high level. Hopefully, he can continue to score important goals for us." The question now is, how much longer will Lampard continue to play at the top level? At 37 years of age, Lampard is certainly no spring chicken, but his performances this season suggest that he still has plenty to offer. However, with his contract set to expire at the end of the season, Lampard's future at the Etihad is far from certain. Pellegrini has made no secret of his desire to keep Lampard at the club, and the Chilean's words will no doubt carry weight in determining Lampard's future. The former England international has become a fan favorite at City since joining on loan from New York City FC in 2014, and another season in Manchester could be just what he needs to prolong his playing days. Lampard himself has been coy about his future plans, stating in a recent interview that "I'm just focusing on playing as well as I can for City right now. I haven't thought too much about what will happen at the end of the season." Regardless of whether Lampard decides to stay or go, his contribution to English football cannot be denied. With five Premier League titles, a Champions League trophy, and now a place among the all-time leading Premier League goalscorers, Lampard has earned his place in footballing history.