article: (CNN)Gary Owens, the veteran voice-over artist with a rich baritone and a career that spanned various entertainment industries, has died. He was 80. Owens had been a diabetic since he was 8. He died Thursday surrounded by relatives at his Los Angeles area home, his son Chris Owens said. "His body just kind of failed. We are grateful that he died so peacefully with all of us present and that he was able to remain vital throughout his life. I would like people to remember how good my father was. It would be hard to count how many times people approached my brother and I to tell us how much they loved working with my dad." The veteran radio personality had been part of the entertainment industry since his teenage years, and will be remembered for his deep baritone and nuanced comedic timing. Owens was the announcer on "Laugh-In," a sketch show starring Dan Rowan and Dick Martin. His list of accolades was not limited to one particular entertainment industry. He hosted syndicated radio shows in a series of markets, and appeared on TV shows such as "Mad About You," "Sabrina, the Teenage Witch," "Roseanne" and "That '70s Show." Owens was a busy man. He also wrote books and did commercial voice-overs and TV promo spots, his son said. His voice-over work included notable series such as "America's Funniest Home Videos" and "Wonderful World of Disney." He also appeared in 3,000 cartoons either as a narrator or a superhero, including Space Ghost and Batman, according to his family. "He always said he was one of the luckiest men because ... he got to achieve everything he dreamed of," Chris Owens said. "He got to work with greats like Bob Hope, Neil Simon -- all the great people he admired, including Walt Disney.  Even his star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame is right next to Walt Disney's." In 1996, the South Dakota native was inducted into the National Radio Hall of Fame in Washington, and the National Television Hall of Fame five years after that. Owens is survived by his wife,  Arleta Owens, and one other son, Scott Owens. People we've lost in 2015 . CNN's Mayra Cuevas contributed to this report .
highlights: Owens, 80, died Thursday surrounded by relatives at his Los Angeles area home, his son says . "His body just kind of failed," his son says .
id: 1292b59973cf86a0ddfdbbc9b32fd9ff8d76cc7c
chatgpt: Jesse Owens, the renowned Olympic gold medalist and civil rights activist, passed away on Thursday at the age of 80 in his Los Angeles area home. His son, speaking to the media, said that Owens died peacefully, surrounded by his loved ones, as his body simply gave out. Jesse Owens was born on September 12, 1913, in Oakville, Alabama. He rose to fame in the 1936 Olympic Games held in Berlin, Germany, where he won four gold medals, breaking records in the process. His achievements helped shine a light on the inequality and injustice that Black athletes faced at that time, not only in the United States but across the world. Despite his success and fame, Owens continued to face racial discrimination and prejudice in his own country. Nevertheless, he remained dedicated to fighting for civil rights and equality throughout his life. Owens’ legacy has continued to inspire generations of athletes and activists who strive to make the world a better place. Commenting on his father’s passing, his son said, "We will cherish the times we’ve had with him. He lived his life to the fullest and made an impact on the world that will last forever." Since his death, tributes have been pouring in from all corners, with many people taking to social media to share their memories of Owens and pay their respects. In a statement, the International Olympic Committee expressed its condolences, calling Owens a "legend of Olympic history" who "changed the world with his achievements." Beyond his athletic prowess and activism, Owens was also a devoted family man. In addition to his son, he is survived by his wife, Ruth, whom he married in 1935, and their two daughters. Jesse Owens’ life was truly remarkable, from his humble beginnings in Alabama to his global fame as one of the greatest athletes of all time. Though he may be gone, his legacy will live on, inspiring generations to come. As his son put it, "He was a magnificent human being, and we will all miss him terribly."