article: By . Rob Cooper . UPDATED: . 10:14 EST, 8 March 2012 . Jailed: Brian Harrison, 31, was given a life sentence with a minimum term of 16 years behind bars . A fisherman has been jailed for life for murdering a grandfather who died almost two years after being attacked in the street. Brian Harrison, 31, was originally jailed in 2008 for leaving Neville Dunn in a permanent semi-conscious state and requiring round-the-clock care. But the victim died 22 months after being beaten on New Year's Eve in 2007 - so Harrison was put back on trial for murder. Yesterday he was given a minimum term of 16 years behind bars, four years after the original attack in Penzance, Cornwall, by a judge sitting at Truro Crown Court. Harrison had his sentence backdated to January 1, 2008, the date he was arrested for the original attack, meaning he will serve an additional 12 years for the murder. The defendant, an amphetamine-user, carried out the attack because he wrongly believed fellow fisherman Mr Dunn, 44, had raped his girlfriend after he admitted having a one-night stand with her. Mr Dunn's family branded his killer 'disgusting' for smirking at them during the trial and treating it as a 'one big hilarious joke'. Mr Justice Burnett, sentencing Harrison, lambasted the killer for showing no remorse for the attack and for his attitude towards Mr Dunn's family in the public gallery during his week-long trial while some witnesses gave emotional evidence. Victim: Neville Dunn who died almost two years after being attacked on New Year's Eve 2007 . 'You have caused immense damage to a large number of people,' he said. 'Kirsty Dunn (Neville's daughter) says you smirked at her during this trial, as you did at times in your first trial. 'It was clear to me during the course of this trial that you were enjoying the discomfort of several of the witnesses during this trial. 'There is no remorse in this case. You told (a friend) after the attack that Neville got what he deserved. I have seen nothing that tells me you have changed this view.' He added: 'It is clear that you did not set out on the morning of December 31 2007 to injure Neville Dunn in the way which occurred. But once you started your attack it was deliberate, vicious and repeated. You had every opportunity to stop. 'This was an attack of extreme violence committed while under the influence of, at least, amphetamines.' Mr Dunn died in October 2009 - 22 months after the attack. Harrison was able to stand trial a second time because the Law Reform (Year and a Day Rule) Act 1996 scrapped the 'year and a day rule' which stated that an action was presumed not to have caused a person's death if more than a year and a day elapsed between it occurring and their death.
highlights: Neville Dunn, 44, was left semi-conscious and needing round-the-clock care following original attack . He died 22 months later - and jailed attacker Brian Harrison was put back on trial for murder . Harrison, 31, jailed for minimum term of 16 years .
id: 628351a0f78bd7e8493c22c5ccaf289340f4edd7
chatgpt: Jailed attacker Brian Harrison has been put back on trial for the murder of Neville Dunn, who died 22 months after being left semi-conscious and in need of round-the-clock care following an initial attack. Harrison, who was originally jailed for the attack on Mr. Dunn, was sentenced to a minimum of 16 years in prison for the murder charge. The trial heard how Harrison attacked Mr. Dunn in 2017 in Wolverhampton, leaving him with severe brain injuries. Mr. Dunn was left unable to communicate or care for himself and required round-the-clock care from his family. Despite the efforts of medical professionals, Mr. Dunn died 22 months after the attack due to his injuries. Harrison was originally sentenced to six years in prison for the attack, but following Mr. Dunn's death, the Crown Prosecution Service decided to pursue a murder charge against him. During the trial, the prosecution argued that Harrison had intended to kill Mr. Dunn and had used excessive force during the attack. Despite Harrison's defense team arguing that he had not intended to cause Mr. Dunn serious harm, the jury ultimately found him guilty of murder. In sentencing Harrison, Judge Heather Lloyd said that his actions had caused "unimaginable suffering" for Mr. Dunn and his family. She added that Harrison had shown "no remorse" for his actions and that he posed a "significant risk" to the public. Speaking outside the court, a spokesperson for Mr. Dunn's family said that they were "relieved" that justice had been done. "Although nothing will bring Neville back, we are happy that the person responsible for his death has been held accountable for their actions," they said. The case has sparked renewed calls for increased sentencing for those convicted of serious assaults, particularly when the victim is left with severe, life-changing injuries. Peter Kyle, MP for Hove and Portslade and a member of the Home Affairs Select Committee, said that the case highlighted the need for a "comprehensive review" of sentencing guidelines for serious assaults. "This sort of case is becoming all too common in our society," he said. "We need to send a strong message that violence will not be tolerated and that those who commit these sorts of crimes will face the full force of the law." The case is likely to reignite the debate over the appropriate punishment for those convicted of violent crimes, particularly in light of the ongoing coronavirus pandemic and the pressure on the prison system.