article: Washington (CNN) -- Independent Senator Angus King announced Wednesday that he will continue to caucus with the Democratic Party despite their loss of the majority late Tuesday night. And despite rumors that he might be switching sides, moderate Democratic West Virginia Sen. Joe Manchin also insists he'll stick with the party. In a press conference on Tuesday, the Maine senator was quick to downplay his decision as a political move, telling the public that he will not "become a Democrat" or side with all the their policy positions going forward. "Who I caucus with is less important than who I work with--every day in the committee, on the senate floor, in the hallways, and here at home," he said. "That's what's best for Maine--and that's what's best for the country; that's what I've done so far." King, who considered siding with the Republicans, would have added an extra seat to the majority if he caucused with them. "A fair question at the outset is whether being in the majority caucus isn't reason enough in itself to make the switch," he said. "But I think there are other considerations -- particularly as they relate to Maine -- that offset this argument. " King said he now has the responsibility to "pull his colleagues toward the center," the same type of role he said fellow Mainer and Republican Sen. Susan Collins had under a Democratic majority. Manchin echoed King's sentiments in an interview Wednesday, saying he wouldn't leave the Democratic party to caucus with the GOP despite his own party losing the Senate majority Tuesday night. "If you don't have moderates on both sides, you don't get anything done," he told The Washington Post. He said the Republicans "played it masterfully," and admitted that he's frustrated with Democratic leadership -- especially Harry Reid. "This is a real ass-whuppin," Manchin said. The first-term senator is rumored to be considering leaving Congress and mounting a bid for governor in his home state. "One of the real problems with modern American politics—and the Congress—is polarization," King said. "Both sides need problem-solvers who are more interested in getting things done than scoring ideological or political points," he said. With Ebola battle brewing, Obama heads to Maine . Justin Peligri contributed to this report.
highlights: Independent Sen. Angus King would not say before the midterm election if he would vote with Democrats . King says the Democrats never made him vote along party lines .
id: 9080838a7669a4d8a700c1d1029cbf827ea0865e
chatgpt: Independent Sen. Angus King of Maine was a major question mark before the midterm elections, as his fellow Democrats wondered whether they could count on his support in the next Congress. Despite that uncertainty, King easily won re-election on Tuesday night, and now he is speaking out about his willingness to work with his colleagues across the aisle. "I never made a big deal out of my decision," King told reporters on Wednesday. "I made it clear from the beginning that I was an independent, and that I would make up my own mind on every issue that came before the Senate. I didn't ask to be a part of the Democratic caucus, and they didn't make me vote along party lines." King's comments come at a time when both parties are looking to gain any advantage they can in the Senate, which will be closely divided when the new Congress is seated in January. With Republicans retaining a narrow majority in the chamber, King's support could prove crucial to Democrats in their efforts to pass legislation and block any extreme measures proposed by the GOP. Despite his independence, King has often caucused with Democrats, and he has been a reliable vote for liberal priorities such as healthcare reform and environmental protection. That's why many progressives were worried that King might abandon them on key issues in the upcoming Congress, especially as he faced a tough challenge from Republican opponent Eric Brakey. But King easily won re-election on Tuesday, taking about 55 percent of the vote to Brakey's 35 percent. His victory margin was much wider than expected, and it sent a clear message that Maine voters trust King to work in their best interests, regardless of party affiliation. King now says that he is committed to working with both parties to find common ground, and that he will continue to weigh each issue carefully before deciding which way to vote. "I'm not a partisan politician," he said. "I'm an independent who represents the people of Maine, and I will always put their interests first." Whether or not Democrats can count on King's support in the coming years remains to be seen. But for now, they can take solace in the fact that one of their closest allies in the Senate has just won another six years in office, and that he seems willing to work with them to advance their agenda.  Overall, King's victory serves as a reminder that voters value independence and pragmatism in their elected officials, and that politicians who can bridge the partisan divide will be rewarded at the polls.