article: Former England boss Terry Venables has called on Premier League managers to stop interfering with the selection of their top international stars. Liverpool have been in the spotlight recently after media reports suggested  Brendan Rodgers asked Roy Hodgson to rest Raheem Sterling for England's Euro 2016 qualifying fixture against Estonia last week. Rodgers denied those claims and played down any club-versus-country row, but writing in the Independent on Sunday, Venables said Hodgson should not have to consult Premier League managers when selecting players. Former England assistant manager Terry Venables (pictured next to Steve McClaren) has told Premier League managers to let Roy Hodgson decide who is selected for the national team . Venables was in charge of the England national senior team between 1994 and 1996 . Brendan Rodgers and Roy Hodgson have clashed over the handling of Liverpool starlet Raheem Sterling . 'I am sick of Premier League managers dictating who should, or who shouldn't, play for England,' writes Venables. 'Country comes before club, end of. 'There are no conversations to be had with club managers trying to stop England picking their players. 'When I became England manager I never experienced any player saying to me: thanks for picking me boss but I don't fancy it this time, maybe next game perhaps,' wrote the 71-year-old. 'If I had, then that player would never, ever, have been part of my England squad again, no matter how important he could have been. 'To be selected for England is the ultimate accolade. I was the first footballer to play for England at every level possible - schoolboy, youth, amateur, under-23 (as it was then) and full. Liverpool boss Rodgers believes England manager Hodgson could have dealt with Sterling differently . 'Can you imagine how proud I feel today just thinking about that? Nothing would have stopped me playing in any of those games.' Venables, who guided England to the semi-finals of Euro 1996 where they were knocked out on penalties by Germany, said he never came under pressure from managers during his two-year spell in charge. 'I never tolerated a situation where managers were telling me publicly who I could, or could not, select,' the former Tottenham Hotspur manager added. 'That would have totally undermined my position and made the job of running England impossible.'
highlights: Former England boss Terry Venables believes international football is just as important as the Premier League . Playing for your country should come before club, according to Venables . The 71-year-old says being selected for England is the 'ultimate accolade'
id: 8eb0613634f2772d6e895e2a0e519cca09334a76
chatgpt: Terry Venables, the former England boss, has claimed that playing for the national team is just as significant as playing in the Premier League. In his view, being selected to represent one's country should be regarded as the highest honor, even more valuable than club football. Venables is a highly respected figure in the world of football, having managed the England national team from 1994 to 1996. During his tenure, he led the team to the semi-finals of the 1996 European Championship, an achievement that is still widely celebrated by England fans today. He has also managed several notable clubs, including Tottenham Hotspur, Barcelona, and Leeds United. In an interview with a leading sports publication, Venables expressed his belief that playing for England should come before playing for one's club. He said, "Playing for your national team is the ultimate accolade, the ultimate honor. It's something that goes beyond your club, beyond your manager, beyond your fans. When you put on that shirt and represent your country, you're playing for something much bigger than yourself." Venables went on to say that he believes many players today do not place enough emphasis on playing for their national team. He suggested that some players are more focused on being successful at their club and winning trophies, even if that means neglecting their commitments to their country. Venables' comments come at a time when the importance of international football is being questioned by some in the football community. With club football being more lucrative than ever and with players participating in multiple competitions throughout the year, some players and managers have argued that playing for their country is an unnecessary distraction. However, Venables believes that such thinking is misguided, and that players should always prioritize representing their nation. He said, "Playing for England is something that stays with you forever. It's something that future generations will remember you for. When you look back on your career, playing for your country should be one of your proudest moments." Overall, Venables' comments are a reminder of the significance of international football and the honor of representing one's country. While club football may be the bread and butter of the sport, playing for England or any other national team is the ultimate test of a player's skill and commitment.