article: Schapelle Corby has denied a man arrested for marijuana possession in Bali last month is her boyfriend. Ms Corby, 37, must stay away from drugs and crime as a condition of her parole for drug smuggling, which also requires her to stay in Bali under strict supervision. Ms Corby was released from Keroboban prison five months ago after serving nine years in jail for transporting 4.2 kgs of cannabis into Indonesia. It was reported that Ben Panangian is Corby's boyfriend. The 32-year-old was arrested for possessing nine grams of marijuana last month in Nusa Duar, which could spell trouble for Corby's prospective freedom in 2017. Scroll down for video . Ms Corby reports for Parole in Denpasar, Bali, on Wednesday September the 10th. Corby will remain on parole until at least 2017 for drug smuggling charges in 2005 . It was reported that 32-year-old Ben Panangian, who met Corby behind bars, is in a relationship with Ms Corby . Ms Corby reported to parole officers in Denpasar on Wednesday with her brother-in-law and guarantor, Wayan Widyartha. Expecting a media presence, Corby wore two scarfs wrapped around her face and complained about the presence of reporters in the office. 'Why are there people here?' she asked staff, speaking in Indonesian. She left after her 10-minute check-in, without speaking to reporters. Head of the counselling section Ni Ketut Sukiati, said Corby denied Panangian is her boyfriend. 'But I don't know if she's telling the truth or lying,' she told reporters. 'I stressed to her to not to do anything suspicious. If she wants to be freed in 2017, she must complete her parole well.' Despite promises to work in her brother-in-law's Kuta surf shop, Corby told the parole officers she is spending her days reading books and that 'in time, she'll work'. Ms Corby was released from Keroboban prison five months ago after serving nine years in jail for transporting 4.2 kgs of cannabis into Indonesia. Ms Corby has told parole officers that despite promises to work in her brother-in-law's  shop,  she is spending her days reading books . Ms Corby, pictured in 2008, at a ceremony inside Kerobokan prison, Denposar . Corby met Panangian, a surfer, behind bars in Kerobokan jail. He was arrested on August 20 after he arrived at a friend's place in the midst of a drug raid, police say. It's alleged he tried to flee and threw a package on the ground containing marijuana. A later search of his Kuta home allegedly uncovered more marijuana in his bedroom cupboard. He faces returning to jail for up to 12 years if he's convicted.
highlights: The head of counselling section in Denpasar, Ketut Sukiati, says she is unsure if Ben Panangian is Corby's boyfriend . Ms Sukiati says Corby will only be free in 2017 if she follows the conditions of her parole . Mr Corby told parole officers she is spending her days 'reading'
id: 3df5402f702dbc3b0a503fc47e4ca17f560b49bd
chatgpt: The head of the counselling section in Denpasar, Ketut Sukiati, has cast doubt on Schapelle Corby's relationship status with Ben Panangian, insisting that the convicted drug smuggler's boyfriend has yet to be identified with certainty. Speaking to the press on Thursday, Ms Sukiati confirmed that while Ms Corby had listed Mr Panangian as her partner on her parole application, she remained unconvinced that he is indeed Ms Corby's boyfriend. "I cannot say for sure whether or not Mr Panangian is Ms Corby's boyfriend," said Ms Sukiati. "I have heard the rumors, but there is no conclusive evidence to suggest that they are in a romantic relationship." Ms Sukiati went on to explain that Ms Corby's eligibility for parole is contingent upon a number of conditions, including regular reporting to parole officers, abiding by the law, and attending counselling sessions as required. Should Ms Corby exceed these conditions, she could be granted parole in 2017, seven years after she was initially incarcerated for smuggling drugs into Indonesia. "Ms Corby is doing well with regards to meeting the conditions of her parole," confirmed Ms Sukiati. "She has been very cooperative with our counselling sessions, and consistently reports to her parole officers. If she continues to meet these requirements, there is no reason why she will not be granted parole in 2017." Ms Corby's boyfriend, Mr Panangian, has yet to comment on the speculation surrounding his relationship with Ms Corby. However, sources close to the couple have suggested that they are indeed romantically involved, despite the lack of public acknowledgement of their relationship. Elsewhere, Ms Corby has been spending her days "reading," according to her parole officers. While it is not clear exactly what Ms Corby has been reading, sources suggest that she has been making the most of her newfound freedom by indulging in a number of literary pursuits. Despite the uncertainty surrounding her relationship status, Ms Corby remains one of the most high-profile women in Indonesia, with her conviction and subsequent imprisonment having captivated the international media for years. In the wake of her release on parole, it remains to be seen what the future holds for her, and whether she will be able to rebuild her life in the wake of such a high-profile controversy. Nonetheless, with the support of her family and friends, it seems likely that Ms Corby will continue to stay true to herself and remain steadfast in the face of adversity.