article: Bridesmaid Caitlyn Box stood out for all the wrong reasons at her cousin's Sydney nuptials when she was forced to wear black after leaving her matching wedding party dress on the 381 bus to Bondi. Desperate efforts to find the Grecian-style cool-grey dress failed despite a massive social media campaign backed by hundreds if Sydneysiders trying to help. In the end, Ms Box had to wear a dark dress different to the two other bridesmaids, and she's relieved the bride has been very understanding about it all. After bridesmaid Caitlyn Box realised her horrible mistake she desperately called police, bus and train services and placed posters of the dress along the bus route offering a $200 reward . Caitlyn (left) pictures with bride Jessica (second left) and her two other bridemaids, Rebecca (second right) and Amanda (right) 'They are calling me the black sheep... I match the boys' ties,' Ms Box told Mashable. Jet-lagged after an eight-hours-plus flight from London, Ms Box did the unthinkable last week. After picking up her bridesmaid dress she accidentally left it at the back of the 381 bus which runs from the city to Bondi in Sydney. After realising her mistake, Ms Box desperately called police, bus and train services and placed posters of the dress along the bus route offering a $200 reward. She tried to find a replacement, but the dress in the original colour had been discontinued. Ms Box's predicament made it's way to social media and cries for help were passed around on Twitter and Facebook. Sadly, the dress was not found in time for Friday's ceremony at Bradley's Head in Sydney and Ms Box was forced to wear a black dress since the original  light grey dress had been discontinued. Ms Box told ninemsn.com.au she had just had flown in from London when she picked up the dress and was not feeling well from jet-lag. She said ever since she lost the dress  she had been frantically attending the police station to see if anyone handed it in. 'I honestly thought it would get handed in,' Ms Box said. Social media users took to Twitter urging Sydney residents to help find the dress. Although the dress drama has added stress to bride Jessica's day, Ms Box admits her cousin was fine about it and just wanted the day to be enjoyed. 'It wasn’t what we expected. I’m fine, what am I going to do about it?,' Jessica said. 'It’s just a dress and there’s not much she can do about it. As long as everyone’s having a good day.' Unfortunately for the bride the dress was not found and tonight Ms Box was forced to wear a black dress since the original light grey dress had been discontinued . Ms Box attended her cousin's wedding at Bradley's Head dressed in black, while Rebecca and Amanda, the other two bridesmaids wear the original light grey Grecian style dress .
highlights: Jet-lagged bridesmaid Caitlyn Box posted a desperate plea for help and a $200 reward after leaving her dress on a bus in Sydney . Ms Box contacted the police everyday in the hope it would turn up . The dress was not found and Ms Box attended her cousin's wedding dressed in a different colour to the other two bridesmaids . Thankfully, the bride did not turn into a 'bridezilla'
id: 95ae5978ee180aa2d50b3767f412be30a4683d65
chatgpt: Jet-lagged bridesmaid Caitlyn Box had a rough start to her trip to Sydney for her cousin's wedding. The young bridesmaid accidentally left her dress on a bus and was desperately searching for help to locate it before the big day. Ms Box posted a plea for help and offered a $200 reward for anyone who could help her locate the lost garment. She took to social media in the hope that someone would spot the dress and bring it back to her. Ms Box also contacted the police every day to check if the dress had been handed in, but unfortunately, it was still missing. Despite her efforts, the dress was nowhere to be found. With the wedding only days away, Ms Box had to face the harsh reality that she might not be able to wear her bridesmaid dress. However, she refused to give up and searched high and low for an alternative outfit. On the day of the wedding, Ms Box showed up dressed in a different color to the other two bridesmaids. Thankfully, the bride did not turn into a 'bridezilla' and was understanding of the situation. Ms Box was relieved that her mistake didn't ruin her cousin's big day. The photo of Ms Box standing next to the bride and her fellow bridesmaid wearing a different color dress, has gone viral on the internet. Many sympathised with the young bridesmaid's plight and commended her for her efforts to try and find the lost dress. Ms Box's story serves as a sobering reminder to others to ensure that they keep track of their belongings when travelling. Even a small slip-up like leaving a dress on a bus can have a major impact on important events like weddings. It's always best to have a backup plan just in case the worst happens. The bridesmaid's story has also shown the power of the internet in helping to find lost items. The post on social media went viral, and although it did not lead to the dress being found in this instance, it was a valiant effort and a reflection of the strength of community support. In conclusion, Caitlyn Box's story of losing her bridesmaid dress and attending a wedding in a different color outfit is a valuable lesson in the importance of being organised when travelling, and also in how to deal with setbacks in life. She may not have worn the dress she intended, but Caitlyn's quick thinking and positive attitude ensured that the wedding went ahead without any hitches. Caitlyn Box is a true role model who didn't let a small mistake get in the way of her cousin's big day.