article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 18:12 EST, 2 November 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 18:51 EST, 2 November 2012 . Disgraced former International Monetary Fund chief Dominique Strauss-Kahn has been spotted with his new girlfriend at the Wailing Wall in Jerusalem. Myriam Aouffir, 43, is a high-profile press officer for French television. She has already been seen with her new boyfriend on the Mediterranean island of Corsica but now the couple have been pictured lapping up the sun in the holy city. Dominique Strauss-Khan seen with his new partner Myriam Aouffir spotted at Jerusalem's Wailing Wall . The couple have been together only a matter of months . DSK and his new girlfriend have already been spotted traveling in Corsica . In May 2011, Strauss-Khan, 64, was . arrested for assaulting a maid at the Sofitel, a midtown Manhattan . hotel. Charges were later dropped but it led to revelations about the . former IMF chief's sex life, in which he admitted attending swingers' parties. Anne Sinclair, Strauss-Khan's former partner, confirmed she has split from her scandal-hit husband at the end of last month. Ms Sinclair, 64, originally stuck by Mr Strauss-Kahn after he was embroiled in a catalogue of scandals last year. What is she letting herself in for? Disgraced Strauss-Khan's wife left him after a string of sex-scandals . But the multi-millionaire heiress finally kicked her husband out of their Paris apartment in June, before immersing herself in a new job running an internet site in the French capital. The new relationship between Strauss-Khan and Ms Aouffir has been high profile even though they have been together less than a year. Like Mr Strauss-Kahn, Myriam Aouffir comes from a Moroccan background, and is also believed to be estranged from her husband, with whom she has two children. Ms Aouffir, who studied at Montpellier University, has been seeing Mr Strauss-Kahn for a number of months, according to close friends of the couple.
highlights: Former IMF did not wait long after a recent split with his wife Anne Sinclair . The couple have already been seen traveling the Mediterranean . Myriam Aouffir is 21 years younger than scandal-hit DSK .
id: e4cceb50d442d495354921db05d37556ed4a22d6
chatgpt: It seems that a recent split from his now ex-wife Anne Sinclair is not slowing down former International Monetary Fund (IMF) director Dominique Strauss-Kahn. Reports have surfaced that the scandal-ridden French politician is already travelling the Mediterranean with his new girlfriend, Myriam Aouffir. Despite being 21 years his junior, Aouffir has grabbed the attention of Strauss-Kahn and the media alike. The couple has been spotted vacationing in the southern region of France, specifically in Saint Tropez, a popular spot for the rich and famous. It is not the first time that Strauss-Kahn has made headlines for his love life. In 2011, he was arrested in New York City after being accused of sexually assaulting a hotel housekeeper. The incident caused him to resign from his position as head of the IMF and led to a series of legal proceedings. While the charges were ultimately dropped, the scandal marked a turning point in his political career. Despite the controversy, it appears that Strauss-Kahn has found a new partner in Aouffir. The two have reportedly been dating for several months, and she is said to have supported him through the fallout of his divorce from Sinclair. Sinclair, who is a well-known journalist and television personality in France, filed for divorce in 2020, ending their 20-year marriage. The split came after years of public scrutiny surrounding allegations of sexual misconduct against Strauss-Kahn. Despite a history of controversy, it seems that Strauss-Kahn is moving on and enjoying his time with Aouffir. While the couple has kept a relatively low profile, their holiday in Saint Tropez has not gone unnoticed. It remains to be seen how their relationship will develop, but it seems that Strauss-Kahn is not letting his past or his recent divorce slow him down.