article: New York (CNN) -- Muslim-American leaders gathered Monday to voice their support for the building of mosques in America and, more specifically, for the planned Islamic center and mosque to be known as Park51 near Manhattan's ground zero. Imam Al-Amin Abdul Latif, president of the Islamic Leadership Council of Metropolitan New York, read a joint statement on the steps of the Park51 location. "We stand for the constitutional right of Muslims and Americans of all faiths to build houses of worship anywhere in our nation as allowed by local laws and regulations," he said. He added that the group represents more than 55 mosques and Islamic organizations in New York City that "stand against the racism, hatred, religious intolerance and ethnic bigotry directed against Islam and American Muslims." The group's statement also called for "a week of dialogue to help combat bigotry and promote understanding and religious tolerance in civil society." Latif told reporters that a number of mosques all over the country will hold open houses during the weekend of October 22-24 to help people of other faiths better understand Islam and Muslims. Mahdi Bray, a Muslim leader from MAS Freedom, said that he believes the Park51 Islamic center should be seen as "a symbol of reconciliation, a symbol of unity and a symbol of mutual respect." He noted that "none of our organizations is capable of putting money into this. We're putting ideas and we're putting social and political support behind it." The developers of Park51 issued a written statement following the news conference thanking Muslim-American leaders for their support: . "Our community remains committed to building bridges of understanding to our neighborhoods, to our city and to the rest of America. Park51 will embody that commitment. In doing so it provides much needed services to New Yorkers of all backgrounds who live and work in Lower Manhattan." Nihad Awad of the Council on American-Islamic Relations acknowledged that the developers could have handled the project better but said they are doing what everyone does when they misstep: "You just pick yourself up and move forward and that's what happening now," he said. The Park51 project is no longer a case, it is a cause, Awad said. And because it has become a cause he believes it will get the funding it requires to be completed. "This is America. Nothing moves America like a cause, and that includes money," he said.
highlights: Leaders representing mosques, Islamic groups gather to back controversial center . They want "a week of dialogue" to battle bigotry and promote understanding . Open houses are to be held at many U.S. mosques October 22-24 .
id: 6a3c0dd6c67a2103f82a1a0adabf169312432be6
chatgpt: Leaders representing mosques and Islamic groups across the United States have come together to support a controversial community center, and promote understanding of their faith. The proposed community center, known as the Park51 project, has been the subject of controversy and protests since it was first proposed. However, these leaders believe that by fostering dialogue and education, they can help combat bigotry and promote greater understanding between different communities. In a statement, the group of Muslim leaders declared their support for the community center and called for "a week of dialogue", during which they intend to hold a series of open houses at mosques across the country. From October 22 to 24, visitors will be welcomed into mosques to learn more about Islam and Muslim faith, and to ask questions about the religion and its practices. "We believe that the best way to combat bigotry and hatred is through education and understanding," said Shaikh Abdul Halim, one of the leaders backing the initiative. "By opening our doors and inviting people in, we hope to break down some of the barriers that divide us and build bridges of understanding." The Park51 project, which is also known as the "Ground Zero Mosque," has been a lightning rod for controversy since it was first proposed in 2010. Critics have argued that building a Muslim community center so close to the site of the September 11 terrorist attacks is insensitive, while others have raised concerns about the project's funding and leadership. Supporters of the community center, however, see it as a symbol of the freedom of religion that the United States was founded on. The project's organizers have said that the community center will include a mosque, a cultural center, and a space for interfaith services and events. While the controversy surrounding the Park51 project has died down somewhat in recent years, the Muslim leaders backing the initiative say that there is still a lot of work to be done to combat bigotry and promote understanding. By offering a week of open houses and educational events, they hope to clear up some of the misunderstandings and stereotypes that surround Islam and its followers. "We know that there are many people who don't understand our faith, and who have been misled by misinformation and fear-mongering," said Shaikh Abdul Halim. "But by opening our doors and engaging in dialogue, we can help break down those barriers and build a more inclusive and understanding society." The week of dialogue and open houses is set to begin on October 22, with mosques across the country hosting visitors and offering opportunities for education and discussion. Whether or not the initiative will succeed in promoting greater understanding and breaking down barriers remains to be seen, but the Muslim leaders backing the initiative are hopeful that it will be a step towards a more inclusive and tolerant society.