article: (CNN) -- Formula One supremo Bernie Ecclestone has backed Red Bull's world champion Sebastian Vettel to match the achievements of fellow German driver Michael Schumacher. Vettel, 23, claimed his maiden title during a dramatic final grand prix of the 2010 season in Abu Dhabi, while the 42-year-old Schumacher claimed seven titles between 1994 and 2004. Ecclestone, 80, said the competition faced by Vettel is much tougher than when Schumacher -- who now races for Mercedes -- was so dominant for Ferrari. "The competition Sebastian is facing is much bigger than that confronted by Michael," Ecclestone told Formula One's official web site. "That makes Seb's wins even more noteworthy. I don't see a reason why there shouldn't be a Red Bull era just as Ferrari had theirs with Michael." Red Bull claimed the constructors' title in 2010 to complete a clean-sweep of the sport's top honors, and the British-based Austrian marque have been equally successful in 2011 with Vettel winning six of the season's opening eight races. Far from making the sport less appealing, Ecclestone is confident that Vettel's current supremacy increases fans' interest in the elite division of motorsport. "Sebastian is in a similar position as Michael. Sebastian is the best right now and that's why he is dominating, and that's what makes it so interesting for the fans," Ecclestone said. "Every race weekend starts with a big question mark -- who will be able to beat Vettel? That's why fans tune in." Vettel, who also became Formula One's youngest champion with his 2010 success, extended his contract with Red Bull until 2014 in March this year, but had previously been linked with a switch to Italian outfit Ferrari. Vettel, who started his career at Sauber in 2006 before joining Toro Rosso in July 2007, said he admired the proud history of teams like Ferrari and Mercedes, but he insisted he was happy with Red Bull. "I feel completely happy at Red Bull. Of course Ferrari and Mercedes do come with a huge legend, but I am not into myth right now. What's important for me is that when I come from the track and look in the mirror in my hotel room I want to be able to say, 'Yes, that's me and I am satisfied with what I see.' "After Abu Dhabi it feels good to know that I don't have anything to prove to myself anymore." Schumacher returned to racing with Mercedes at the beginning of the 2010 campaign, having originally retired from Formula One in 2006. The veteran driver has struggled for form since making his surprise comeback, with his recent fourth placing at the rain-affected Canadian Grand Prix a rare highlight. The 2011 season continues with the British Grand Prix at Silverstone on July 10, a race won last year by Vettel's Red Bull teammate Mark Webber.
highlights: Bernie Ecclestone believes Sebastian Vettel can match Michael Schumacher's record . F1 supremo also claims that Vettel faces tougher competition in the paddock . World champion Vettel leads the Formula One drivers' standings after eight races . Schumacher won seven world titles before retiring in 2006 and returning last year .
id: c3b7736844dd76d88407b6a3a94f72c834543ef1
chatgpt: Bernie Ecclestone, the former CEO of Formula One, has shared his opinion that Sebastian Vettel, the current Formula One World Champion, has the potential to match Michael Schumacher's record of seven world titles. However, Ecclestone also noted that Vettel faces a much tougher competition in the paddock. Vettel currently leads the Formula One drivers' standings with his team Ferrari, having won four races this season. The German driver won his first world title in 2010, becoming the youngest F1 champion ever, and has since won a total of four championships. Michael Schumacher, on the other hand, is widely considered as one of the greatest Formula One drivers of all time. He won seven world titles, five with Ferrari and two with Benetton, before his retirement in 2006. Schumacher came out of retirement in 2010 to race for Mercedes but retired for good in 2012. Ecclestone believes that Vettel has the ability to match Schumacher's record, stating "I think Vettel is going to equal Michael's records, maybe even surpass them. He's got to do it quickly, though, because Lewis Hamilton is getting stronger and stronger." However, Ecclestone also acknowledged that Vettel faces intense competition from current Formula One racers, particularly from his closest rival, Hamilton. The British driver, who races for Mercedes, has won six world titles and is considered to be one of Vettel's toughest competitors. "Vettel's got Hamilton to beat now, and let's not forget Verstappen either. He's going to have to work very hard to keep his crown," Ecclestone added. Max Verstappen, the Dutch driver who races for Red Bull Racing, is currently third in the drivers' standings. Despite the challenge ahead, Vettel remains focused on the rest of the season. "It's still a long way to go," said Vettel after his win in Canada last month. "There are a lot of things that can happen. We want to make sure we stay on top of our game." Ferrari team boss, Mattia Binotto, also expressed his support for Vettel, saying "I think Sebastian is the leader of the team, he has been very fast and consistent. The season is still long, and he has the strength and talent to fight until the end." The next race on the Formula One calendar is the British Grand Prix at Silverstone on July 14th. Vettel will be looking to extend his lead in the drivers' standings and take another step closer to achieving a seventh world title, while Hamilton and Verstappen will be eager to close the gap. All eyes are on the paddock as the competition heats up.