article: Harry Potter fans or fairtrade food activists? As it turns out, fans of the boy wizard are concerned about where their magical snacks come from. Fans are celebrating after winning a four-year battle to get Warner Bros. Entertainment to use only fairtrade certified chocolate in all Harry Potter-branded chocolate. This includes the chocolate frogs that are sold at Universal Orlando's theme park in Florida, as well as the Shock-O-Choc and HoneyDukes Chocolate Bars. Scroll down for video . Led by the Harry Potter Alliance (HPA), fans have just won a four-year fair-trade chocolate battle against Warner Bros. The HPA sent petitions and video messages to Warner Bros. arguing against unethically produced chocolate . The Harry Potter Alliance (HPA), a social justice group, has been pushing for such certification since Halloween 2010. HPA founder Andrew Slack and his slew of activists, which includes Harry Potter creator, J.K. Rowling herself, were working to ensure that all chocolate production not rely on child labour and that all producers are paid a decent wage. In a 400,000-strong petition to Warner Bros., which own all rights to the Harry Potter franchise, which includes products and merchandise, the HPA argued that Harry's fans didn't think that the fictional wizard would approve of unethically produced chocolate. 'If 'Harry Potter' [as a franchise] were to be in alignment with the values of Harry Potter [himself], it could be a real symbolic and coherent victory,' Slack told the Washington Post. Any chocolate products affiliated with the Harry Potter series will be made only of certified free-trade cocoa . Chocolate plays an important role in the franchise and is very symbolic to the storyline . After Harry leaves his aunt and uncle's house to attend Hogwarts, the abundance of chocolate available there becomes a symbol for how the school will nourish Harry's body and mind. Since chocolate plays such an important role in the series, the opportunity to turn fans into real-life advocates was an idea that especially appealed to Slack. The group charged Behr's Chocolate, the company that Warner Bros. used to make all of the Harry Potter chocolate, with a poor record of human rights and child labour. Thousands of fans sent complaint letters over the years and in 2013, the HPA took yet another step forward when they teamed up with Walk Free, an anti-slavery movement, to pressure Warner Bros. even further. In December, it was announced that chocolate sold at the Universal Orlando theme park would be fair-trade . In 2014, J.K. Rowling also joined the cause. And it paid off. On December 22, Joshua Berger, the president of Harry Potter Global Franchise Development, wrote an email to the HPA announcing Warner Bros,' decision. 'By the end of 2015, and sooner when possible, all Harry Potter chocolate products sold at Warner Bros. outlets and through our licensed partners will be 100 per cent UTZ or Fair Trade certified.'
highlights: Led by the Harry Potter Alliance (HPA), the campaign has been resolved . All Harry Potter-branded chocolate will now be fair-trade certified . Includes: chocolate frogs, Shock-O-Chock & HoneyDukes Chocolate Bars . J.K. Rowling herself joined the campaign against child labour in 2014 .
id: ccd90c51dcab81747f49b487559d25cc6f37407e
chatgpt: All Harry Potter fans can now indulge in chocolaty treats without any guilt. The Harry Potter Alliance (HPA), a non-profit organization dedicated to promoting social change, has successfully campaigned for fair-trade certification of all Harry Potter-branded chocolate. The campaign, which had been ongoing for several years, called for fair labor practices and ethical sourcing in the production of all Harry Potter-branded chocolate. The HPA targeted Warner Bros., the studio responsible for the Harry Potter franchise, and demanded that they take action to ensure fair trade in the production of their chocolate products. The HPA's efforts have paid off - all Harry Potter-branded chocolate products, including chocolate frogs, Shock-O-Chock and HoneyDukes Chocolate Bars, will now be certified as fair trade. This means that the chocolate has been sourced ethically, ensuring that farmers have been paid fairly and that there was no use of child labor in the production process. The HPA has been working tirelessly to promote social change and activism within the Harry Potter fan community since its inception in 2005. The organization has tackled a wide range of issues, including LGBTQ+ rights, mental health advocacy, and environmental sustainability. In 2014, J.K. Rowling herself joined the HPA's campaign against child labor. The author of the Harry Potter series has been a vocal advocate for fair labor practices and ethical sourcing in the production of consumer goods. Her support of the HPA's campaign has been instrumental in drawing attention to the issue of child labor in the chocolate industry. The use of child labor in the production of chocolate has been a longstanding problem. Many of the world's cocoa farmers are forced to rely on child labor to keep their farms running, often under unsafe and exploitative conditions. This has been a major concern for human rights activists, who have been calling for action to combat the problem. By advocating for fair trade practices in the chocolate industry, the HPA has taken an important step towards promoting ethical consumption among Harry Potter fans. The organization has shown that social activism can be integrated into fandom and pop culture, and that it can be an effective tool for promoting positive change. The HPA's campaign for fair trade chocolate has been a resounding success, and serves as an important example of how activism and fandom can intersect in meaningful ways. By promoting social change within the fan community, the HPA has shown that the power of the Harry Potter franchise can be harnessed to create positive change in the world.