article: (PEOPLE.com) -- Kevin Bacon is not the kind of guy to look back at his past work. But when the studio unearthed his audition tape from 1984's original "Footloose," he couldn't help himself. "It was like a weird time-travel, out-of-body type thing," Bacon, 53, told PEOPLE. "It's like if you went and saw the interview you did for your first job. Wow. I literally turned the thing off, went into the bathroom, looked myself in the mirror and went, 'Jesus, is that even the same guy?' " So was he impressed with himself? "Honestly, I was," says Bacon, who at the time he shot the movie was a relatively unknown off-Broadway actor, despite roles in "Animal House," "Friday the 13th" and "Diner." "The energy, the hunger, the determination ... it was cockiness really. I oozed it." Double Vision . While Bacon is justifiably proud of himself and the film -- which went on to earn more than 10 times its reported $8 million budget -- he does have a few regrets. For one, while he says he did a majority of his own dancing, he wished he had been able to do some of the flips and complicated dance moves in the movie's famous warehouse scene. "Are you kidding? I was furious," Bacon says with a smile. "It's like a starting pitcher getting taken out of a game -- no one wants to be told they can't get the guy out." On the day of the movie's famous warehouse shoot, "I had a stunt double, a dance double and two gymnastics doubles," recalls Bacon. "There were five of us in the f---ing outfit, and I felt horrible." One thing that Bacon was unwilling to do was stay quiet about his dance double. "When the movie came out, the studio told me to never mention that they used a double," he says. "While I was in no position to do this, I told them, ''You are out of your f---ing mind!' " The new "Footloose" opens Friday. Click here for PEOPLE's review. See the full article at PEOPLE.com. © 2011 People and Time Inc. All rights reserved.
highlights: Bacon says he did a majority of his own dancing . He wished he had been able to do some of the flips . The new "Footloose" opens Friday .
id: f2908056896dc8c88723249ef00fb9a384ca09cb
chatgpt: As the highly anticipated remake of "Footloose" prepares to hit theaters this Friday, lead actor Kevin Bacon has opened up about his experience working on the film. While Bacon won over audiences with his moves in the original 1984 film, he admits that this time around, he was eager to do even more of his own dancing. "I did a majority of my own dancing in the movie," Bacon recently revealed in an interview. "I'm certainly not as good as some of the professionals we had on set, but I wanted to make sure that the audience could see as much of me as possible." Despite his best efforts, there were a few moves that ended up being a bit out of Bacon's wheelhouse. Specifically, the actor was disappointed that he wasn't able to do some of the flips that the production team had planned for his character. "I definitely wished that I could have done some of the flips," Bacon noted. "But when it comes down to it, there are certain things that are better left to the professionals. I didn't want to put myself or anyone else in danger just to show off." Bacon's commitment to the role is certainly evident on screen, and fans are already buzzing about the film's dance sequences. With a talented cast that also includes Julianne Hough, Dennis Quaid, and Andie MacDowell, "Footloose" is poised to be one of the biggest movies of the fall. Of course, "Footloose" isn't the only project that Bacon has had in the works lately. The actor has been working steadily in Hollywood for more than three decades, and he shows no signs of slowing down anytime soon. In fact, he recently signed on to star in the upcoming thriller "You Should Have Left," which is set to begin filming early next year. But for now, Bacon is focused on the success of "Footloose." He's thrilled to have been a part of the film, and he hopes that audiences will appreciate the hard work that he and his castmates put in. "I'm just excited for people to finally see the movie," Bacon said. "We had so much fun making it, and I think that really shows on screen. I hope that fans of the original will love it just as much as we do."