article: (CNN) -- Mohamed Ibrahim is the founder of Celtel, one of Africa's leading mobile telephone companies, with networks in 15 countries on the continent. Ibrahim was born in Sudan in 1946 and received a BSc in electrical engineering at the University of Alexandria in Egypt. After a brief stint working for the state run Sudan Telecom, he moved to the UK to continue his studying. While there he was hired by British Telecom (BT) to work as a technical director for Cellnet, its in-car telephony company. In 1989 Ibrahim left a successful career at BT to start his own telecommunications consultancy company, called MSI Cellular Investments, based in Africa and meant to be a specifically African operation. As part of his hiring and bonus scheme at MSI, Ibrahim awarded shares to his employees, which, although they were officially worthless since the company was not listed, were given a nominal value of £0.14 ($0.28) per share. When the company was acquired by Mobile Telecommunications Company KSC (MTC), the shares were sold at £14 ($27.76) each. When MTC bought Celtel, in 2005, Ibrahim sold his part in the company, for a share in the total buyout sum of $3.4 billion. Since leaving Celtel, he has founded the Mo Ibrahim Foundation which awards funding to African heads of state and governments that have demonstrated excellence in African leadership. This is a part of a $100 million fund that Ibrahim has set aside for investment in Africa, to encourage business and development in the continent. As well as his BSc in electrical engineering, Ibrahim holds an MSc in electronics and electrical engineering from the University of Bradford, and a PhD in mobile communications from the University of Birmingham. He is a member of the Africa Regional Advisory Board of London Business School.  E-mail to a friend .
highlights: Born and educated in Africa, Ibrahim is interested in developing the continent . Worked for state run Sudan Telecom and the UK's British Telecom . Left BT to found MSI, which later became Celtel, an African mobile phone company .
id: 3b52f66d487a3f3dcd900b67a45a59ff1cb17fa0
chatgpt: Ibrahim, an African-born entrepreneur, has devoted his life and work to developing the continent he calls home. After receiving an education in Africa, he embarked on a career that spanned both state-run and multinational companies. One of his earliest positions was at Sudan Telecom, where he gained valuable experience in the telecommunications industry. But it was his work at British Telecom (BT) that helped him realize his vision for African development. While at BT, he saw firsthand the transformative power of mobile phones and realized that Africa’s immense potential was yet to be realized in this field. As a result, Ibrahim left BT to found MSI, an African mobile phone company that would eventually become Celtel. He saw an opportunity to not only provide connectivity to millions of Africans through mobile technology, but also to foster a culture of innovation and entrepreneurship in Africa. Through Celtel, Ibrahim achieved this goal and more. The company quickly became one of the largest providers of mobile phone services in Africa, stretching across 14 countries and serving over 24 million subscribers at its peak. This success was not only a testament to Ibrahim’s vision for African development, but also to his business acumen. But for Ibrahim, Celtel was never just a business. It was a vehicle for progress, providing Africans with the tools necessary to connect with each other and with the rest of the world. It also fueled his passion for social responsibility, which led him to establish the Mo Ibrahim Foundation, an organization committed to promoting good governance and leadership in Africa. For Ibrahim, developing Africa is not just a job, it’s a lifelong mission. His work at Sudan Telecom, BT, Celtel, and the Mo Ibrahim Foundation all share a common thread: a commitment to Africa's growth and prosperity. As his achievements demonstrate, he has been remarkably successful in this endeavor, but he remains vigilant in his pursuit of a better Africa.