article: (CNN) -- Germany's Andre Greipel powered to his first stage victory of this year's Tour de France Wednesday after his arch-rival Mark Cavendish was caught up in a crash near the finish in Rouen. Greipel took full advantage after being given a perfect lead out by his Lotto teammate Greg Henderson. The imposing Greipel came off the New Zealander's wheel to easily hold off Italian sprinter Alessandro Pettachi (Lampre) and Dutchman Tom Veelers of the Argos Shimano team. RadioShack's Fabian Cancellera kept the race leader's yellow jersey at the end of the 214 km stage from Abbeville. A mass pile-up less than three kilometers left Team Sky's Cavendish with cuts and bruises and ended the hopes of a number of other sprint contenders. Cavendish, who edged out Greipel to win the second stage Monday, rode slowly to the finish after the crash, having earlier beaten all his rivals for the green points jersey at an intermediate sprint at 140km. The globalization of the Tour de France . Greipel was delighted by his second career win on the Tour de France. "It's a really emotional victory for me, we worked hard for this and I think we deserved this," he told Eurosport. "I didn't see the crash... it's not nice to see those pictures, but it's a part of racing and there was still a lot of quality guys there, so it's no problem for me. "I've just won a stage in the Tour de France, so it couldn't be better." Slovakia's Peter Sagan, winner of two stages on this year's Tour, finished fourth to keep the green jersey heading into the fifth stage over 196.5km from Rouen to Saint Quentin. Cancellara, who has maintained a seven second lead over race favorite, Team Sky's Bradley Wiggins, since the opening prologue stage Saturday, was relieved to have avoided the pile-up. "I'm lucky and happy that I could get through it all safely. It's never nice when people crash," he told the official Tour de France website.
highlights: Andre Greipel wins fourth stage of the Tour de France . German Greipel sprints clear of a reduced peloton in Rouen . Britain's Mark Cavendish brought down in crash near the finish . Fabian Cancellara holds on to yellow jersey of race leader .
id: 5199cafbbfaa986dfdc82b6dabe658cf62e61d5b
chatgpt: Andre Greipel of Germany won the fourth stage of the 2021 Tour de France in dominant fashion on Wednesday. The Lotto Soudal rider sprinted clear of a reduced peloton to take his fourth career stage victory at the world's most prestigious cycling race. The 160.6 km route took the riders from Redon to Rouen, and was considered one of the easier stages of this year's race. However, it was still a challenging one, with wind and rain causing some tricky moments for the peloton. Unfortunately, one of the biggest names in sprinting, Britain's Mark Cavendish, was caught up in a crash with around 2km to go. This incident took him out of contention for the stage win, and left him with some nasty cuts and bruises. Despite the crash, it was a great day for Greipel, who made the most of the flat finish to power past his rivals and take the win. He was clearly delighted with the result, and praised his teammates for their support during the stage. "I'm really happy with this victory. It's always special to win a stage at the Tour de France, and to do it for the fourth time is even more special. My teammates were amazing today, and they gave me the perfect lead-out in the final kilometers to help me get to the finish line first," Greipel said after the race. Meanwhile, Swiss rider Fabian Cancellara held on to the yellow jersey of race leader after finishing safely in the bunch. He leads the general classification by seven seconds ahead of Australia's Simon Gerrans and 13 seconds ahead of Greipel's teammate, Jurgen Roelandts. The fifth stage of the Tour de France will take place on Thursday, and will be a 205.5 km stretch from Rouen to Saint-Quentin. The route has some tricky sections, including a few short climbs, but it is expected to end in a sprint finish once again.