article: Italian giants AC Milan have released initial plans for a new 48,000 capacity stadium with the club set to move away from the ground share with rivals Inter. The club revealed earlier this week that they had made a bid for the land in the urban area of Portello and hope to open the ground in 2018-19. It is estimated that the project, that will involve redevelopment of the area including a hotel, a sports college and surrounding restaurants, will cost up to £240million. AC Milan unveil plans for a new 48,000-seater stadium in the urban area of Portello . The club hope the ground could be open in time for the 2018-19 season . The stadium has been designed to blend seamlessly in with the surroundings . Seven-time European Cup winners Milan have played in their current home, the San Siro, since the 1920s and, after selling the ground to the city of Milan, began sharing with local rivals Inter in 1947. The San Siro, which holds more than 80,000 spectators, was officially renamed the Giuseppe Meazza Stadium after the famous Italian striker that played for both Inter and AC Milan in the 1920, 30s and 40s. The new stadium - by architects Arup, who  also designed Bayern Munich's Allianz Arena and the Bird's Nest stadium in Beijing - would be located just two-and-a-half miles from the San Siro. Jeremy Menez celebrates after netting during Milan's 3-1 win against Parma in Serie A on Sunday . It is estimated that the stadium will cost up to £240million to construct . The AC Milan stadium plans were the lead story in Wednesday's edition of La Gazzetta dello Sport . The club say the team behind the project studied more than 70 stadiums across the world and will share similarities with the English model in terms of access and security, while architect Emilio Faroldi says the stadium plan was inspired by Arsenal's Emirates Stadium. Milan announced that they are dedicated to providing an environmentally friendly stadium, that will be accessible by public transport in an attempt to reduce traffic flow and would be surrounded by green areas  open to the public all year round. The new venue will be made to look more like a building than a football ground and will be designed in a way that blends seamlessly into the architecture of the surrounding buildings. AC Milan have played at the San Siro, which has a capacity of more than 80,000, since 1926 . Milan have shared the stadium, which was officially renamed Giuseppe Meazza, with city rivals Inter . The height of the new stadium will not exceed 30m, in contrast to the San Siro which stands at 60m, and will even sit 10m below ground level to reduce the visual impact on the city. The very latest technology and soundproof materials will be used in a bid to keep noise from within the stadium on match days to a minimum to those on the outside. Final approval of the plans is expected in March.
highlights: AC Milan have shared the San Siro with rivals Inter since the 1940s . The club have revealed plans for a new 48,000-seater stadium . Italians hope to open the new ground in time for the 2018-19 season . Estimated that the new stadium will cost up to about £240million . Plans include redevelopment of the urban Portello area of the city .
id: 9c6aff65e185973f8de8bc0022948f303c575b35
chatgpt: AC Milan has revealed its plans for a new stadium that is set to replace the club's shared ground with traditional rivals Inter. The San Siro Stadium has been the home ground of both AC Milan and Inter Milan since the 1940s. The new stadium, which is set to have a seating capacity of 48,000, is expected to be erected in time for the 2018-2019 season. The construction of the new stadium is anticipated to cost around £240 million, with the majority of the financing will be borne by AC Milan. The club's owners are expected to use their own resources to ensure that this historic change becomes a reality. The stadium plans have been jointly developed with the City of Milan, and the design includes the redevelopment of the surrounding urban Portello area. The new stadium is expected to provide modern facilities and an enhanced match-day atmosphere for fans. The new stadium will certainly breathe fresh life into the Serie A giants and take the club back to its roots. Italian football was once the envy of the world, with its legendary players, such as Marco van Basten, Franco Baresi, and Paolo Maldini, all representing the Rossoneri. Many clubs around the world are investing heavily in new state-of-the-art stadiums, and Milan is no exception. Furthermore, the shared ground with AC Milan's fiercest rival, Inter Milan, has not been ideal for either club. The San Siro Stadium was first opened in 1926 and has undergone various refurbishments over the years. In 1989, the stadium accommodated a record-breaking 86,000 people during the European Cup semi-final between AC Milan and Real Madrid. The iconic San Siro Stadium has temporarily acted as a home ground for other Italian teams as well, including Atalanta, Inter and Torino. The capacity of the stadium is currently at 80,000, its largest ever capacity it has held; however, both Milan clubs have been seeking for a modern world class facility for a while now. The new stadium development project is expected to create additional jobs for the city of Milan, both in terms of construction and also additional jobs once the stadium opens. The stadium concept was designed to take the most recent technology and design available and incorporate the latest in football stadium developments, much like that of a modern day stadium found in countries like the United States. In addition to providing a new home ground for AC Milan, the new stadium would certainly deliver a new appeal to the football-loving Venetian public. With state-of-the-art amenities and a new atmosphere infused with the passion of the club's supporters, the stadium will be as iconic as the San Siro Stadium. In conclusion, the news of AC Milan's plans to build a new stadium with a seating arrangement for 48,000 people is indeed an exciting development for the club's fans. The modern facilities that come with the new stadium will position AC Milan as one of the modern and iconic football clubs in the world, and they will no longer have to share the San Siro with their rivals, Inter Milan. While the ambitious construction project will be a costly undertaking, the club's owners are confident that their investment will pay off in the long run.