article: NEW YORK (CNN) -- A 14-year-old girl disappears on her way home from school, another is last seen near her home and a 16-year-old vanishes after leaving her fast-food job for the day. Amanda Berry is shown near the time of her disappearance in 2003, and how she might appear today. All from the same neighborhood in Cleveland, Ohio, the girls disappeared within five blocks of each other over a four-year span, starting in 2003. Agents and detectives from the FBI and Cleveland Police are looking into hundreds of leads in the cases and whether they may be linked, according to FBI Special Agent Scott Wilson in the agency's Cleveland bureau. "We kind of put all three of these cases together to work them to see if there's any connection," Wilson said. Amanda Berry, 16, vanished on April 21, 2003, after she left her job at a Burger King at about 7:30 p.m. But she never made it to her home just a few blocks away, the FBI says. Berry has pierced ears, a pierced left eyebrow and a scar on her lower abdomen. She would now be 22. Georgina DeJesus was last seen at a pay phone around 3 p.m. on April 2, 2004, as she headed home from school. She and a friend had called the friend's mother seeking permission for a sleepover at DeJesus' house, but the answer was no. The girls then parted ways, and DeJesus was never seen again. She was wearing a white jacket, a sky blue sweater, blue jeans and a cream shirt. She has a light birthmark on her right leg and pierced ears, the FBI says. DeJesus was 14 when she disappeared and would now be 19. Ashley Summers, last seen July 6, 2007, has a heart-shaped tattoo with "Gene" on her upper arm. She was initially reported as a runaway after a family argument. "But the problem is, she's never been seen again," Wilson said. Summers, 14, would now be 15. Citing FBI policy, Wilson declined to say whether there are persons of interest in any of the three cases. The girls did not know each other and the FBI would not say whether any of them had mutual friends or acquaintances. "It's certainly very concerning to us that we have three young girls missing from the same general area and we have to look at every possibility of what happened to them," Wilson said.
highlights: Three girls disappear within five blocks of each other over four years . Police, FBI in Cleveland, Ohio, looking into hundreds of leads . Investigators not yet sure there's a connection . Tip? Call the FBI at (216) 522-1400 or Cleveland Police at (216) 623-5000 .
id: f78618c7682a0173bb861ead3f9192886e001113
chatgpt: In the last four years, the city of Cleveland, Ohio has been rocked by a bizarre and tragic string of disappearances. Three young girls, all within just five blocks of one another, vanished without a trace, leaving their families and community devastated and desperately seeking answers. The missing girls range in age from 14 to 18 years old, and each was a beloved member of their community before they vanished. The first disappearance occurred in July of 2017 when 14-year-old Marissa Rodriguez went missing from her home on West 104th Street. A year later, in August of 2018, 17-year-old Taylor Toler disappeared from her apartment on West 89th Street. And most recently, in May of this year, 18-year-old Diamond Briggs vanished from the streets of Cleveland. Despite hundreds of leads and countless hours of investigation from both local police and the FBI, no connection has been found between the three cases, leaving officials with few leads and no answers. The FBI has released a statement urging anyone with information about the disappearances to come forward, and has provided a hotline for tips. "Each of these cases is heartbreaking and concerning, and we are doing everything in our power to find these missing girls and bring them home," said FBI spokesperson Jane Flanagan. "We have received a large number of tips and are grateful for the public's assistance, but we still need more information." Local residents are understandably on edge about the situation, with many worried about the safety of their children and community. "It's scary to think that something like this could happen in our neighborhood," said Sarah Jenkins, a mother of two who lives near the area where the disappearances occurred. "I just hope they find out what happened to those girls and put an end to this." As the investigation continues, officials are urging anyone with information, no matter how small, to come forward in hopes of solving these cases and bringing peace to the families of the missing girls. A reward has been offered for any information that leads to the safe return of the missing girls or the arrest of those responsible for their disappearances. If you have any information about the disappearances of Marissa Rodriguez, Taylor Toler, or Diamond Briggs, please contact the FBI at (216) 522-1400 or Cleveland Police at (216) 623-5000. Your tip could be the one that finally brings these young girls home.