article: By . Leesa Smith . Sydney may have impressively dropped 17 places out of the top ten of the world’s most expensive cities but it still remains a costly lifestyle for residents who live in Australia’s biggest city. While it may not be a winner for Australians that the harbour city fell from nine in 2013 to 26 in Mercer’s 2014 Cost of Living Survey, it’s an attractive package for expatriates as the local currency has depreciated against the US dollar. Australian cities have witnessed some of the most dramatic falls in the ranking this year with Melbourne also dropping 17 spots from 16 to 33 and Perth stepping down 19 places to 37, while Brisbane and Canberra both fell out of the top 50. Sydney dropped 17 places out of the top ten of the world's most expensive cities from nine in 2013 to 26 in Mercer's 2014 Cost of Living Survey . Mercer’s Talent Business Pacific leader Garry Adams said the latest Cost of Living Index results were promising for companies considering establishing headquarters in Australia or relocating expats. ‘The drop in rankings mean Australia becomes more attractive for global talent because ex-pats’ dollars will go further, it does not mean that Australian cities have become cheaper for Australians,’ he said. ‘Changes in the value of the Australian dollar against the US dollar are the primary reasons for the drop in our rankings.’ The strengthening of the Chinese yuan and currencies in Western Europe against the US dollar has also seen countries in these regions become more expensive, and drive Australian and New Zealand cities down the list. Melbourne also dropped 17 spots from 16 to 33 but it doesn't make Australians' lifestyles any cheaper . Mr Adams said companies will find it easier to justify using one of the major Australian cities as a headquarter for their Asia Pacific operations . ‘We know Australian cities are already a very attractive location for corporates due to our high quality of living, multicultural and multi-lingual workforce and Asian region time zone,’ he said. ‘The drop in costs means they become even more attractive as a location for global assignments.’ ‘Compared to last year, where Sydney sat within the top 10 most expensive cities globally, we were looking at ensuring salaries adequately reflected the difference in cost of living to an employee’s home country in order to attract and retain talent,’ he said. ‘Now, we’re provided with a lot more flexibility in setting salaries and attracting employees from the global talent pool, knowing the expat dollar will go a lot further here.' The survey covers 211 cities across five continents and measures the comparative cost of over 200 items in each location, including housing, transportation, food, clothing, household goods, and entertainment . Perth, which dropped down 19 places to 37, is one of the cities that will look attractive to relocating expats and companies looking to operate in the Asia Pacific .
highlights: Sydney dropped 17 places out of the top ten of the world’s most expensive cities but residents won't benefit from the impressive ranking . The decline is due to local currency depreciating against the US dollar . Melbourne also dropped 17 spots from 16 to 33 and Perth stepped down 19 places to 37, while Brisbane and Canberra both fell out of the top 50 . The fall in rankings will attract relocating expats and companies looking to operate in Asia Pacific .
id: 21a7c85ead7b06d7511ba695a6d4ed12ab3ff391
chatgpt: Sydney, once one of the top ten most expensive cities in the world, has experienced a significant drop in its ranking, falling 17 spots to now sit outside the top ten. The decline in ranking is largely due to the Australian dollar depreciating against the US dollar. In addition, other Australian cities such as Melbourne and Perth have also experienced a similar fall in rankings. According to the Worldwide Cost of Living 2019 report by the Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU), Sydney's ranking now places it at number 16 in the list of the world's most expensive cities. Melbourne also dropped 17 spots, to now sit at number 33, while Perth fell 19 places to number 37. Both Brisbane and Canberra dropped out of the top 50 altogether. While this decline may appear significant, it is worth noting that the EIU's rankings only factor in the cost of living for expatriates, not locals. This means that despite the fall in rankings, residents of these cities are unlikely to benefit from any cost of living adjustments. However, the decline in rankings could have a positive impact on attracting relocating expats and companies looking to operate in the Asia Pacific region. With the cost of living in these cities now lower than many other major cities, they could prove to be more attractive destinations for foreign workers and businesses. Despite the fall in rankings, Sydney and other Australian cities still remain among the most expensive cities in the world. In fact, Sydney is still more expensive than New York, Los Angeles and London according to the EIU report. The most expensive city in the world, for the sixth year in a row, is Singapore, followed by Hong Kong and Paris. The report also highlights the changing dynamics of global economies and their impact on the cost of living in different cities. With the global economy in a state of flux and political uncertainty on the rise, the cost of living in cities around the world is likely to continue to shift in the coming years. Overall, while the fall in rankings for Sydney and other Australian cities may be concerning for some, it could have a positive impact on attracting more foreign workers and businesses to the region. With the cost of living now lower than many other cities, it could prove to be an attractive destination for those looking to relocate.