article: Pilots will need more cockpit training to become fully certified first officers for U.S. passenger and cargo airlines. The safety change ordered by Congress and imposed by the Federal Aviation Administration on Wednesday mainly grew out of a 2009 commuter plane crash and takes effect as attention focuses on pilot training issues around Saturday's Asiana Airlines crash in San Francisco. Co-pilots must complete 1,500 hours total time as a pilot under the new rules, which take effect August 1. Previously, first officers were required to have only a commercial pilot certificate, which requires 250 hours of flight time. The rule also requires first officers to undergo new training and testing specific to the planes they fly. "The rule gives first officers a stronger foundation of aeronautical knowledge and experience before they fly for an air carrier," FAA Administrator Michael Huerta said in a statement. FAA to pilots: Turn off those electronic devices . Newer pilots for U.S. airlines today typically fly for regional carriers, which operate smaller jets domestically and feed bigger airlines at their hubs. Most airline cockpit crews are comprised of two pilots -- a captain and a first officer. The crash of a Colgan Air commuter plane in February 2009 outside Buffalo that killed 49 people prompted Congress to order the new rule change as well as updated regulations on crew scheduling and rest. Families of Colgan crash victims pushed hard for lawmakers to act. The National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) blamed pilot error and inadequate training for that accident. Questions around pilot training are also at the center of the first major U.S. airline accident since the Colgan tragedy -- the one on Saturday involving an Asiana Boeing 777 that crash-landed at San Francisco International Airport. Did Asiana pilot have enough 777 experience? The pilot at the controls, a captain, had only limited time in 777s although he was experienced at flying other Boeing and Airbus jetliners, the NTSB said, adding that it would review training and other records as part of its probe. Pilots of international airlines are not required to follow FAA training standards.
highlights: New FAA  rule will require more cockpit time and other training for first officers . FAA is mandating that co-pilots complete 1,500 hours total time as a pilot . Previously, only 250 hours of flight time were required . New rules prompted by 2009 Colgan crash; training an issue in Asiana accident as well .
id: 624abb77f66c98eaa6867053a2291b3c51bdf112
chatgpt: The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) is set to enforce new regulations aimed at enhancing the skills and training of first officers, a move prompted by a spate of aviation accidents. The new FAA rule will require co-pilots or first officers to have at least 1,500 hours of flight time as pilots, up from the 250 hours previously required. The decision to introduce the new rule was based on the investigation of the Colgan Air crash of 2009, which claimed 50 lives. The accident was partly attributed to errors made by the first officer, who had only about 600 hours of flying experience. The FAA believes that the new requirements will help prevent similar occurrences by ensuring that first officers are more experienced and better trained. “We owe it to the flying public to have only the most qualified and best-trained pilots,” said FAA Administrator Michael Huerta. The Colgan Air crash was not the only event that has made the FAA reconsider the minimum experience requirements for co-pilots. The 2013 Asiana Airlines crash in San Francisco also highlighted the issue of training. In that incident, the first officer failed to respond appropriately to the approach and landing, leading to the crash of the aircraft and the deaths of three people. According to the FAA’s new rule, the minimum total flight time for first officers will increase from 250 hours to 1,500 hours. The new requirements will also include additional training for the co-pilots, including extended ground training and simulator training. While the new rules have been generally welcomed by pilots and airlines alike, some have expressed concern about the potential costs involved in implementing the new standards. For example, pilots may require additional training beyond the 1,500-hour minimum. Also, some airlines may opt to promote seasoned pilots to first officer roles rather than hire new pilots to meet the requirements. The FAA expects the new regulations to be fully implemented by August 2013, at which point first officers will need to have completed the minimum 1,500 hours of flight time before they can serve as pilots on a commercial aircraft.