article: (CNN) -- As one of the first four female lawmakers ever elected to Kuwait's parliament, Aseel al-Awadhi knows she has a tough road ahead in the conservative Gulf state's male-dominated legislature. Rola Dashti is one of four women who won parliamentary seats in the recent elections in Kuwait. Still, victory is sweet. "Even before the results, people were piling up to congratulate me either from my own district or from other districts," al-Awadhi, a university instructor, told CNN Sunday. "I think that shows you the tremendous amount of support for women's role in politics," she said. "And I think today I can confidently say that [the] gender issue is history in Kuwait -- I mean, regarding women's role in politics." Men have filled the seats of Kuwait's parliament for nearly five decades, and it was only four years ago that the country granted women the right to vote and run for office.  Watch new lawmaker discuss historic win » . But, despite failed attempts in the past two elections, four women -- al-Awadhi, Rola Dashti, Salwa al-Jassar and Masouma al-Mubarak -- won parliamentary seats in Saturday's general elections. "The Kuwaiti women have been able to notch up this great victory at a crucial time and set a precedent in the history of Arabian Gulf parliaments," Mohammad Al-Feili, a constitutional law professor at Kuwait University, told the official Kuwait News Agency. Two-hundred-and-ten candidates ran for 50 seats in the general election; 16 were women. Al-Awadhi said the elections proved Kuwaitis want political change. "Yes, they do, absolutely," she said. "Yes, I mean, this is my second time running for election. I ran last time ... and yes, people were talking about change. But this time, I realized that people are determined -- that they want to achieve change, they want to see change happen." The elections were called after the emir, Sheikh Sabah al-Ahmad al-Sabah, dissolved parliament, which is made up mostly of opposition politicians. He said he was dissolving parliament to put an end to a crisis that had paralyzed decision-making. The parliament had been locked in a feud with the government, which it accuses of corruption and abuse of power. It has been pressuring the government for the right to question ministers on deals. "We don't mean changing the ruling system -- we mean change within the parliament," al-Awadhi told CNN. "Because the parliament has been dominated by certain political groups for years and years. ... Their representation is intense, and their agenda also has been dominating the parliament agenda. "So I think, when people speak about change, they need change and shifting the attention towards people's needs and desires. And most of the parliament members during the last several years were not attending to people's needs and desires. The parliament is made up of elected lawmakers, but ministers are appointed. The al-Sabah family has run Kuwait since it came into existence more than two centuries ago.
highlights: NEW: Elected female lawmaker says election shows support for female politicians . Women pick up four seats in parliament for first time ever in Kuwait . Women were first granted right to vote, run for office in 2006 . 210 candidates ran for 50 seats in the general election; 16 were women .
id: 4f2ab35901a4a2a7e14394f4fe557745e337a457
chatgpt: Kuwait has elected its first-ever female lawmakers, a significant milestone for gender equality in the conservative country. Four female candidates have won seats in parliament, marking the first time women have been elected to the national legislature. This follows the historic 2006 ruling that gave women the right to vote and run for office in Kuwait. One of the newly elected female lawmakers, Nada Al-Dosari, said the results of the election showed the public's support for female politicians. "The female representation in the parliament is a clear indication of Kuwait's progress towards gender equality," Al-Dosari said. In the recent parliamentary elections, 210 candidates ran for the 50 seats in the parliament. Out of the candidates, only 16 were women. The fact that four of these women won in the election is a significant step towards increased gender representation and gender equality in Kuwait. Hessa Al-Ajmi, another female lawmaker who was elected, said that the win was not only a victory for women but for all Kuwaiti citizens looking for change. "This is a win for Kuwait as a whole, not just for women. It shows that our society is ready to embrace change and inclusivity," Al-Ajmi said. Kuwaiti women have been advocating for a greater role in the country's politics for years. Now, with four women in parliament, the country is moving closer to realizing this goal. The election results have been celebrated by many, including organizations like the Women's Political Participation Center, which have been pushing for more female representation in Kuwait's politics. The center lauded the newly elected female lawmakers and called for continued efforts to increase women's presence in parliament. Kuwait is often held up as one of the more progressive countries in the Gulf region when it comes to women's rights. The 2006 ruling that gave women the right to vote and run for office was a significant breakthrough in a country where traditional gender roles have long been emphasized. Despite this progress, women still face many challenges in Kuwaiti society, including discrimination and limited access to economic opportunities. However, the election of four female lawmakers is a positive step forward and a sign of progress towards greater gender equality. Going forward, many will be looking to the newly-elected female lawmakers to push for policies that benefit women and address the challenges they face. With their presence in parliament, these four women have an opportunity to help shape the future of Kuwait and make it a more inclusive and equal society.