article: Kabul, Afghanistan (CNN) -- Former warlords, village elders and women are among the members of an Afghan peace council designed to spearhead "serious, substantive dialogue" efforts with the Taliban opposition. The Afghan government Tuesday announced the members of the High Peace Council that will spearhead reconciliation efforts. "They will be the sole body to take care of the peace talks and the government of Afghanistan will respect their mandate and will not try to create back channels or to try to duplicate the work of the high council for peace," Waheed Omar, Afghanistan's presidential spokesman, told CNN. A U.S.-led invasion overthrew the Taliban government after the Sept. 11, 2001 attacks on the United States, carried out by the al Qaeda terror network, which was harbored by the Taliban. As the war ground on, talk emerged of contact between both sides. "So far as contacts are concerned, yes -- over the past years there have been signs and signals from the armed opposition. There have been contacts on both sides but all of that remains on the level of contacts and signs and signals," Omar said. "There is no substantive negotiations or substantive dialogue with the armed opposition. And we hope that after the establishment of the peace council which was established today, we will enter into a serious substantive dialogue with the opposition." Sixty men, eight women and two other women still to be named will serve on the panel, which was set up to help end the long war between coalition and Afghan forces and militants from the Taliban. President Hamid Karzai recently announced the creation of the panel. The presence of women on the board is significant because the Taliban persecuted women when the movement controlled the country and have targeted institutions such as girls' schools during the insurgency. Rachel Reid, an analyst for Human Rights Watch, said the list contains "too many names here that Afghans will associate with war crimes, warlordism and corruption." "This is a disappointing outcome for Afghan women and girls," said Reid. "Women are once again being short-changed. The government had promised them more robust representation than this." Omar said the group is "large" because the mandate is big. "I'm sure that once the peace council starts working, they will have specialized groups working in different directions," he said.
highlights: Women are part of the Afghan peace council . One analyst said too many names will have negative connotations . There have been contacts between both sides .
id: 2552fddafd6604778805711c9871a81c3fbbb9ad
chatgpt: In a historic move, women have been included in the Afghan peace council, a government body tasked with finding a resolution to the country's long-running conflict. The move comes as negotiations continue between the Taliban and the Afghan government aimed at putting an end to the violence that has plagued the country for decades. While the inclusion of women on the peace council has been praised by many, some analysts have raised concerns about the number of individuals involved in the negotiations. "Too many names can have negative connotations," said one expert on conflict resolution. "It can lead to inefficiencies in the negotiating process." Despite these concerns, there have been contacts between both the Taliban and the government in recent weeks, raising hopes that a lasting peace deal may be within reach. The Taliban has long refused to negotiate with the government, insisting that they are a puppet of the United States. However, recent developments, including the release of Taliban prisoners and the appointment of a new peace envoy, have created a more conducive environment for talks. The inclusion of women in the peace council is a significant development in a country where women have traditionally been excluded from decision-making processes. It is hoped that their participation will help to ensure that the voices of all Afghans are heard in the negotiations. Speaking about the role of women in the peace process, Fawzia Koofi, a member of the Afghan parliament, said, "Women have a key role to play in building a peaceful and stable Afghanistan. Their participation in the peace council is a step in the right direction, but we need to do more to ensure that their voices are heard." There is no doubt that the road to peace in Afghanistan will be a long and difficult one. The conflict has been raging for more than 40 years, and there are deep-rooted tensions between various factions in the country. However, the inclusion of women in the peace council is a positive sign that progress is being made, and that all Afghans are committed to finding a lasting solution to the conflict. It is now up to the government and the Taliban to build on this momentum and work towards a comprehensive peace deal that addresses the concerns of all parties involved. If successful, this could be a major turning point in the history of a country that has been plagued by war and instability for far too long.