article: A woman has defended her decision to sent $1.4 million to her online lover in Africa - who she has never met. Twice-divorced Sarah met Chris Olsen online 18 months ago. Though the mysterious man's accent has changed over time, and he keeps asking for money to be wired to various different countries, Sarah insists she is '95 per cent certain' that he is telling her the truth. Despite his numerous attempts to come home so they can be together, she says, he keeps getting arrested on false charges. SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . Convinced: Sarah told Dr Phil she still believes in love and is certain her online lover is telling the truth . In an interview with Dr Phil, Sarah explained that they speak for hours on the phone each day. She described the moment they met on the internet: 'An attractive person came on there and said "wow you look like you wouldn't hurt a fly". I said "wow this guy's really handsome, I can't believe he's talking to me!"' He told her he was called Chris Olsen, who hailed from Milan but moved to the U.S. 18 years ago. Currently, she says, he is based in Africa on business, and has been for more than a year and a half. When they met he said he was in South Africa. After a brief stint in Nigeria, he relocated to Benin, Sarah explained. Within seven weeks of meeting, he professed his love in a gushing email that referred to her as 'Mrs Olsen'. Romance: She claims they speak for hours on the phone and though his accent has changed from Italian to African she has not wavered in her belief that he loves her . And days later, he sent the first of many requests for money. She has now sent him $1.4 million in total for hotel bills, calling cards, lawyers, an expired visa, stolen credit cards, and bail. Last June, she even had to sell an apartment she owned to wire him $550,000 bail. However, she believes he is trying his utmost to make it home. Sarah concedes that there are suspicious elements to his story: 'When I first started talking to him,' she told Dr Phil, 'He sounded Italian now his accent's kind of changed I don't know if he's adapted to where he's at... in Benin.' But, she concludes: 'I still believe in love.'
highlights: Twice-divorced Sarah met man named Chris Olsen online 18 months ago . Said he is from Italy, moved to U.S. 18 years ago, is in Africa for work . They have never met, he has been in South Africa, Nigeria and Benin . She has wired him $1.4m for bail, lawyers, lost credit cards, hotel bills . Sarah told Dr Phil she believes he loves her and will come home .
id: ab1e8168909eb0a72c0a07e73e8990cfc78edabb
chatgpt: Twice-divorced Sarah met a man named Chris Olsen online 18 months ago, and her world has never been the same. She thought she had finally found her soulmate, someone who understood her and loved her just the way she was. Chris claimed he was from Italy but had moved to the United States 18 years ago. He also said he had to travel a lot for work, and at the moment, he was based in Africa. Despite never meeting in person, Sarah and Chris communicated frequently, chatting on the phone and exchanging emails daily. Chris was charming and sweet, and Sarah felt like she had finally found someone she could trust with her heart. Then, Chris started to ask for money. At first, it was just a small loan to cover a missed mortgage payment or a medical bill. Sarah didn't think much of it; she was in love and wanted to help her partner. But the requests kept coming, and they became more urgent. Chris said he was in trouble with the law, and he needed bail money. He claimed he lost his credit card and needed money for a hotel room. He even had lawyers to pay. Sarah wanted to help, so she wired the money, little by little. The amounts grew larger each time, but Chris promised he would pay her back as soon as he got home. The total amount she wired was $1.4 million. Sarah didn't tell anyone about the money. She was ashamed and embarrassed that she fell for such a scam. But she finally opened up when she appeared on the Dr Phil show, hoping her story could help others avoid making the same mistake. "I truly believe Chris loves me, and he will come home. I can't wait to finally meet my soulmate," Sarah said, tears streaming down her face. Unfortunately, Sarah was the victim of a common online scam known as a "romance scam." Criminals create fake profiles on dating sites and social media, and they use them to lure unsuspecting victims into sending them money. This kind of scam is rampant and has affected thousands of people worldwide, with billions of dollars lost. Experts advise people to be cautious when communicating with strangers online, especially if they ask for money. They should never send money to anyone they have never met in person, and they should always do a background check before getting too close to someone online. Sarah's story is a cautionary tale that love can sometimes be blinding. It is essential to be aware of the dangers of online dating and to protect oneself from scammers.