article: By . Fiona Macrae . PUBLISHED: . 16:29 EST, 11 July 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 02:07 EST, 12 July 2013 . It is known as the food of love – and now it has emerged that music may boost the odds of IVF success. Playing music to an egg in a dish in an IVF lab increased the chances of it being fertilised by 5 per cent, a study found. The Spanish researchers believe that the tiny vibrations produced by music give fertilisation a helping hand. Helping hand: It is known as the food of love - and now it has emerged that music may boost the odds of IVF success . They think the vibrations may ease the passage of nutrients into the egg and speed the removal of toxic waste, so increasing the odds of fertilisation taking place and the embryo surviving. While fully-grown humans may be fussy about the type of music they listen to, embryos aren’t so picky. Pop, classical and heavy metal were equally good, the European Society of Human Reproduction and Embryology’s annual conference in London heard. The scientists, from the Marques Institute fertility clinic in Barcelona, injected sperm into almost 1,000 eggs and put them on dishes in incubators. They then placed iPods in half the incubators and left them playing music including pop songs by Michael Jackson and Madonna, heavier tracks from Nirvana and Metallica and classical works by Bach, Mozart and Vivaldi. Star: Scientists placed iPods in incubators and left them playing music including pop songs by Michael Jackson and Madonna, pictured . When they checked the dishes, they found that fertilisation rates were higher in the incubators in which music had been played. Researcher Carolina Castello said: ‘When we work in an IVF lab, we try to mimic the conditions in the womb in terms of light and temperature. ‘For instance, we work in low light but nobody has studied the effect of sound.’ Embryos don’t develop the ability to hear for at least 14 weeks, so Dr Castello thinks that the vibrations produced by the music are key. Dagan Wells, an Oxford University fertility expert said that while the idea might sound bizarre, it could have some scientific basis. He said: ‘Embryos produced using IVF sit on a dish, stewing in their own juices but those produced naturally are wafted down the fallopian tubes, rocking and rolling all their way to the uterus. ‘This movement means that the embryo experiences a very dynamic environment, which may have some advantages, particularly in terms of getting rid of waste products. ‘The vibrations caused by music may stimulate this effect. ‘One might speculate that techno music, with its pounding bass beat might do the best job of all.’
highlights: Playing music to an egg increased chances of fertilisation by 5 per cent . Tiny vibrations produced by music give fertilisation a helping hand . Scientists played music by Michael Jackson and Madonna .
id: a9f1eaa36d0c1772c125cdccf5e039af5e01c593
chatgpt: In a recent study, scientists have discovered that playing music to eggs can increase their chances of fertilization by up to 5%. The research conducted by a group of scientists has taken the world by storm as it could potentially revolutionize the world of fertility. The study focused on the effects of tiny vibrations produced by music on the fertilization process in eggs. The team of scientists played music from some of the most popular musicians of all time during the experiment; Michael Jackson and Madonna. Scientists have long been fascinated by the impact of sound waves on different organisms. They have conducted countless studies on the effects of music on plants, animals, and even human beings. Now, they have turned their focus to the effects of music on fertilization in eggs. In the study, the scientists placed several eggs in a container and played music from speakers placed nearby. They then observed how the eggs reacted to the music, and the changes that occurred after the experiment. The study found that the tiny vibrations produced by the music were able to give the fertilization process a helping hand. The eggs that were exposed to music showed a 5% increase in their chances of being fertilized. This is a significant finding because normally, the fertilization rate is quite low. The team of researchers was quite excited by their findings. According to one of the lead scientists on the project, "This study has opened up new doors for research in the area of fertility. We now know that the use of music can assist in the fertilization process and potentially increase the success rate." In addition to the potential benefits for fertility treatments, the study could also have implications for the agricultural industry. If music can increase the success rate of fertilization in crops, it could lead to more bountiful harvests and greater food security. While the study is still in its early stages, it has already generated a lot of interest from different sectors. Many people are now curious about the effects of music on other living organisms, and what other benefits it could have. The study is just the beginning of what could be a game-changing discovery in the field of fertility treatments. With further research, scientists could potentially develop new treatments that utilize the power of music to increase the success rate of fertilization. In conclusion, the study on the impact of music on fertilization in eggs has produced promising results. Tiny vibrations produced by music have been shown to increase the chances of fertilization by 5%. If the findings are confirmed in further research, it could revolutionize the world of fertility treatments and improve food security in the agricultural sector.