article: (CNN) -- Don't ask Jerry Seinfeld about race. In a recent interview with Buzzfeed on "CBS This Morning" the comedian was asked about the fact that most of the guests on his Web series "Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee" have been white males. Seinfeld's initial response was "It really pisses me off." "People think [comedy] is the census or something, it's gotta represent the actual pie chart of America," he said. "Who cares?" With his Super Bowl commercial, Seinfeld is back on the radar, but his comments come at the same time as debate about diversity in comedy. "Saturday Night Live" hired its first black female cast member in years after an outcry over the show's lack of diversity. Gawker writer Kyle Chayka writes that by Seinfeld saying, "I have no interest in gender or race or anything like that," the comic "seems to suggest that any comedian who is not a white male is also not funny, though he's also likely fed up with the amount of bad comedy he's been forced to sit through in his (waning) career." "Which is too bad, because Seinfeld is downplaying the work of everyone from Richard Pryor and Bill Cosby to Aziz Ansari, Mindy Kaling, and Eddie Huang, who are all in various stages of their own sitcoms that just might turn out to be the next 'Seinfeld,' " Chayka writes. It's not the first time Seinfeld has faced criticism regarding racial issues. When his hit NBC series "Seinfeld" ended in 1998, the Los Angeles Times had a feature about how it was a "nonevent" for many in the black community because it had never seemed to capture the black audience because of a perceived lack of diversity. "Observers said that the lack of 'Seinfeld' fever among blacks is mainly attributable to the almost total absence of minority characters on the New York-based sitcom," reported Los Angeles Times writer Greg Braxton. "Some supporting characters -- including an attorney modeled after defense lawyer Johnnie L. Cochran Jr. -- have been featured in the last few seasons, but many said the show is still seen as a program that excludes minorities."
highlights: Seinfeld questioned about lack of diversity on his Web series . The comic said he has no interest in gender or race . It's not the first time he's been criticized regarding diversity .
id: 6062f5be7f9405757f0a7a73fcb089bab1488471
chatgpt: Comedian Jerry Seinfeld, known for his hit 90s sitcom "Seinfeld," has recently come under fire for his lack of diversity on his web series "Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee." During a recent press conference in New York City, Seinfeld was questioned about the lack of representation of women and people of color on his show. When asked about his decision to not include more diversity, Seinfeld responded, "I have no interest in gender or race. I'm interested in funny." Seinfeld went on to say, "I have no obligation to anybody or anything. I'm just trying to create something that's really funny and entertaining." This is not the first time the comedian has faced criticism for the lack of diversity on his show. Back in 2015, during an appearance on "Late Night with Seth Meyers," Seinfeld was asked why there were no female comedians featured on his show. Seinfeld's response was similar, stating that he wasn't interested in diversity, just funny. Despite the criticism, Seinfeld's show remains popular among audiences. The web series, which features Seinfeld driving around with fellow comedians and discussing their craft over coffee, has been a hit since its debut in 2012. The show has featured well-known comedians such as Dave Chappelle, Sarah Silverman, and Eddie Murphy. However, the lack of diversity on Seinfeld's show has sparked conversation on the topic within the comedy community. In an op-ed for The New York Times in 2018, comedian Hari Kondabolu wrote about the lack of diversity on "Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee," stating, "The issue isn't just that certain groups aren't getting represented, it's that the industry is making it much harder for them to break through." While Seinfeld's response to the criticism may come across as dismissive to some, others have defended his approach. Comedian Norm Macdonald, a guest on Seinfeld's show, told The Hollywood Reporter, "I don't think diversity should be a criteria for anything. … It's weird because it's like, 'It has to be every third person is of this race.' Well, then it's not about merit, then it's about something else." The discussion surrounding diversity in comedy is ongoing, and it seems Seinfeld's show will continue to be a topic of conversation for its lack thereof. However, it ultimately falls on the audience to decide whether they value comedy that prioritizes diversity or not.