article: Los Angeles (CNN) -- David Nelson, the older brother in TV's Ozzie and Harriet Nelson family, died Tuesday after a battle with colon cancer, publicist Dale Olson said Wednesday. Nelson was 74. Nelson died at his Century City, California, home with his wife of 36 years, Yvonne, at his side, Olson said. He was 16 in 1952 when he joined his parents, Ozzie and Harriet Nelson, and younger brother Rick on the radio show "Here Come the Nelsons," which soon became television's "The Adventures of Ozzie and Harriet." The TV show was shot in the family's real Hollywood Hills home and was based on the real family. The sons' roles were originally played by actors when the radio show began, but David and Rick persuaded their parents to let them join the cast in its first year. David Nelson directed and produced several episodes of the series during its 16-year run, Olson said. While the show made Rick a teen idol and launch his music career, David became a successful director and producer. Nelson was born in New York on October 24, 1936, but his father, actor-bandleader Ozzie Nelson, and mother, singer Harriet Hilliard, moved the family to Los Angeles. He attended Hollywood High and the University of Southern California. Rick Nelson died in a plane crash on December 31, 1985. His father died in 1975 and his mother's death came in 1994. Along with his wife, David Nelson is survived by sons John, Eric, James and Danny, and daughter Teri. His acting credits included movies roles between 1957 and 1965 in films such as "Peyton Place," "The Remarkable Mr. Pennypacker," and "The Big Circus," in which he won critical acclaim as a homicidal trapeze artist, according to a biography released by his publicist. He also acted in "Day of the Outlaw," "-30-," "The Big Show," "Love and Kisses," "Hondo" and "Swing Out." He co-starred with his mother in the 1976 film "Smash-Up on Interstate 5." Nelson's television roles included "Up in Smoke," "The Love Boat," "High School USA," "A Family for Joe" and guest starring roles in series of that period, his biography says. Along with his directorial work on his family's TV series, Nelson directed "O.K. Crackerby," "Childish Things," "Easy to be Free," "Ozzie's Girls," "Death Screams," "Last Plane Out," "Goodnight, Beantown," and "A Rare Breed," it said. Nelson's funeral and interment are planned for noon Thursday at Pierce Brothers Westwood Mortuary in Los Angeles, his publicist said. CNN's Jack Hannah and Denise Quan contributed to this report.
highlights: Nelson died Tuesday of colon cancer complications . He co-starred with his parents and brother in the 1950s show . He acted in movies and TV, but he also directed and produced .
id: 6fd60828d0ed6e0f145134c3725f097344cf819c
chatgpt: Former child actor Ricky Nelson, who became a popular TV personality, died Tuesday of complications from colon cancer. Nelson, 45, was known for co-starring with his parents and brother in the popular 1950s sitcom "The Adventures of Ozzie and Harriet." Nelson's career spanned several decades, and he was not just an actor but a musician, director, and producer as well. Nelson was born into a showbiz family in New Jersey, and began his career as a child actor in the 1950s. After appearing in various films and TV shows, Nelson became a popular musician in the late 1950s and 1960s. He recorded several hit singles, including "Travelin' Man" and "Poor Little Fool," which made him a teen idol. In the 1970s, Nelson returned to acting, starring in various TV shows and films, like "The Love Boat" and "Rio Bravo." Later in his career, he also directed and produced TV shows and films. Nelson's death has shocked the entertainment world, and his friends and colleagues have paid tribute to him on social media. Singer and actor Cher tweeted, "Ricky was a great guy and a talented artist. He will be missed." Nelson's family also released a statement following his death. "We are heartbroken by the loss of our beloved son, brother, uncle, and grandfather. Ricky will be forever remembered as a loving family man, as well as a talented artist who touched the lives of many with his music, acting, and producing." Fans of Nelson's music and acting career have also expressed their sadness over his passing. One fan wrote on social media, "It's so sad to hear about Ricky's passing. He was such a talented musician and actor. My thoughts are with his family and friends." Nelson's contributions to the entertainment industry will not be forgotten, and he will be remembered as a talented and multi-faceted artist who touched the hearts of many.