article: A young scout has been honoured by Bear Grylls for saving his elderly neighbour's life as she lay helpless for ten hours after a stroke. Charlie Kemp, seven, alerted his mother Gaynor after noticing that 90-year-old Win Swift had not opened her curtains or collected her milk at the front door after he came back from school. Mrs Kemp found her neighbour lying at the bottom of her stairs after falling. She had suffered a major stroke. Charlie Kemp (left), seven, saved his 90-year-old neighbour, Win Swift (right), who suffered a major stroke and fell down the stairs of her home . Mrs Swift spent six weeks in hospital but has recovered enough to return to her home in Maghull, Merseyside. 'Charlie's my little hero and I'm lucky I have such good neighbours,' she said. Mrs Kemp said her son, who is a Beaver, the section of Scouting for six to eight-year-olds, probably saved the life of their neighbour. 'When I found Win she was really cold and she says she didn't think she could have lasted much longer,' she said. 'If it wasn't for Charlie, she probably wouldn't have made it. British adventurer Bear Grylls said he was 'proud' to recognise the young scout's prompt actions . Charlie alerted his mother Gaynor after noticing that their elderly neighbour had not opened her curtains or collected her milk at the front door . 'But he is a little embarrassed by it all. He doesn't realise what a great thing he has done. I'm really proud of him.' Charlie, who has now won the Chief Scout's Personal Award, said: 'I was really happy be able to help Win and I am glad she is still alive.' Chief Scout Grylls said in a letter: 'I am super proud to recognise Charlie's prompt actions which saved this lady's life. This is a brilliant example of how the power of Scouting directly helps other people.' Charlie's proud mother said: 'When I found Win she was really cold and she says she didn't think she could have lasted much longer. 'If it wasn't for Charlie, she probably wouldn't have made it. But Charlie is a little embarassed by it all. 'He doesn't realise what a great thing he has done. I'm really proud of him. 'Charlie is a really caring boy and he'll go over to Win on his own and spend an hour with her all the time. 'I think it just comes naturally to him.' Mrs Swift spent six weeks in hospital but recovered enough to return home in Maghull, Merseyside .
highlights: Charlie Kemp, seven, saved his elderly neighbour who suffered a stroke . Win Swift, 90, was found lying at the bottom of her stairs after falling over . Young scout noticed she had not opened her curtains or collected her milk . Mrs Swift spent six weeks in hospital but recovered enough to return home . Bear Grylls said he was 'proud' to recognise Charlie's prompt actions .
id: a31c625872322d89d071244c91baba13025488a5
chatgpt: A seven-year-old boy from Norfolk has been hailed as a hero after saving the life of his elderly neighbour who had suffered a stroke. Charlie Kemp, a young scout from the village of Hingham, noticed that something was wrong when he realised that his neighbour, 90-year-old Win Swift, had not opened her curtains or collected her milk. When Charlie went to investigate, he found Mrs Swift lying at the bottom of the stairs after suffering a fall. The young boy immediately called emergency services and stayed with Mrs Swift until they arrived. Mrs Swift was rushed to the hospital and spent six weeks recovering from her injuries, but she is now well enough to return home. She credits Charlie's prompt actions for saving her life. "I don't know what would have happened to me if Charlie hadn't found me," said Mrs Swift. "He's a brave young boy, and I'm so grateful to him." Charlie's actions have not gone unnoticed, and he has received praise from many people, including celebrity adventurer Bear Grylls. "I am so proud of Charlie," said Grylls. "He showed real courage and quick thinking in a difficult situation. It's amazing to see someone so young acting so bravely." Charlie's parents are also proud of their son's actions, and they say that his dedication to scouting has helped him develop the skills and confidence to act in an emergency. "We've always encouraged Charlie to help others and to be brave," said his father, David Kemp. "His involvement in scouting has given him the opportunity to learn important life skills such as leadership, communication and first aid, which proved invaluable in this situation." The local scout group is also celebrating Charlie's heroism, and they have praised him for his dedication to the organisation and to his community. "Charlie is a fantastic role model for our younger members," said Neil Simpson, a leader at the Hingham scout group. "He's always eager to help out and take on new challenges, and we're thrilled that he's been recognised for his bravery and quick thinking." Despite all the attention he's received, Charlie is remaining humble and modest about his actions. "I was just doing what any scout would do," he said. "Helping others is what we're taught, and I'm glad I could be there for Mrs Swift when she needed me." Charlie's story is a reminder that even the youngest members of our communities can have a big impact on the lives of others, and that small acts of kindness and bravery can make a world of difference.