article: Manchester United's players will be worked into the ground during 'enormously intense' 75-minute bursts by Louis van Gaal when the Dutchman takes charge in July. That is the message from Robin van Persie, who expects the Holland coach to repair the damage left behind by David Moyes during a disastrous campaign in charge. United finished seventh in the Premier League and failed to win any major silverware but their under-performing flops will be strenuously put through their paces when Van Gaal rocks up at Carrington. Out of breath? Robin van Persie has warned Man United players of the intensity of Louis van Gaal's sessions . Main man: Van Persie revealed that individual training bursts are usually 75 minutes long . Having a little chat: Van Gaal doesn't take any prisoners and was pictured talking with Nigel De Jong in training . Talking it through: Van Gaal puts an arm around Van Persie in a bid to try and get his message across . Don't argue! Van Persie will be Holland's captain when they kick off their tournament in June . Van Persie - who will be Van Gaal's captain when the World Cup kicks off next month - laid bare the volume of training the 62-year-old demands. 'Every training session is very intense. He is on our backs every minute. There is no space to relax, he demands full focus,' Van Persie told The Sun. 'We work very hard for a maximum 1.25 hour, never longer. But these 75 minutes are enormously intense.' Van Gaal's arrival at Old Trafford is certain to ruffle some feathers. He is renowned for an uncompromising nature. That means dependable players - see Van Persie - are looked after well. It could be that the striker is made United skipper when the season begins in August, and he is certainly making the right noises. Van Persie cut a frustrated figure in spells last season under Moyes and there was talk of the former Arsenal man moving on. The new arrival, however, has ended all speculation. 'I never had a relationship with a coach like I have with Van Gaal - it's very special,' the forward added. His comments show just how high Van Persie regards the international boss, but also points towards difficulties with Moyes and Arsene Wenger while at the Emirates Stadium before a £24million move up north in 2012. What do you mean?! Wayne Rooney, Phil Jones and the rest will be put through their paces in pre-season . Straight battle: Van Persie and Rooney are ready to face-off for the captaincy at Old Trafford next year .
highlights: Holland striker believes Van Gaal will turn fortunes around . David Moyes' reign ended with United's worst-ever Premier League finish . Van Persie claims 62-year-old Van Gaal is best manager he's worked with . Wales are Holland's opposition in a friendly next Wednesday .
id: e50c098f577dae6a6e9e8d5340dd50fa7c2df97b
chatgpt: Manchester United's former striker, Robin van Persie, has expressed his confidence in Louis van Gaal's ability to revive the fortunes of the club. In an interview with the BBC, Van Persie praised his former national team coach, stating that the 62-year-old is the best manager he has ever worked with.  Van Gaal was appointed as Manchester United manager in July 2014, following the departure of Sir Alex Ferguson. However, his tenure was not as successful as many had hoped, with the team failing to finish in the top four during his two seasons in charge.  Van Gaal was eventually replaced by Jose Mourinho in 2016, after leading the club to their first-ever FA Cup triumph in over a decade. His departure was attributed to his defensive style of play and a lack of attacking prowess.  David Moyes was the first manager to take over from Ferguson at Manchester United, but his reign ended in disaster. The team finished in seventh place, their worst-ever finish in the Premier League.  Van Persie, who played under Van Gaal for the Netherlands national team, is confident that the experienced coach can turn the club's fortunes around. "I know what he can do. He can really make players better. He can create a certain atmosphere," he said in the interview.  Manchester United fans will be hoping that Van Gaal's ability to develop players can help bring out the best in current stars such as Bruno Fernandes and Paul Pogba. It remains to be seen whether the Dutchman will return to management, but the possibility of a second stint at Old Trafford cannot be ruled out.  In the meantime, Van Gaal's attention will be focused on the Holland national team, who are set to face Wales in an international friendly next Wednesday. The fixture will provide Van Gaal with the opportunity to assess the strength of his squad ahead of the Euro 2020 tournament.  Van Persie will undoubtedly be watching his former coach closely as he prepares for the match. The striker, who retired from professional football in 2019, was one of the most prolific goal scorers in the Premier League during his time at Manchester United. If anyone knows what it takes to achieve success at the club, it is surely him.  In conclusion, while Manchester United fans may be uncertain about Van Gaal's ability to turn their team's fortunes around, Van Persie's vote of confidence in his former coach should provide some cause for optimism. Whether or not the Dutchman returns to Old Trafford, he will undoubtedly be remembered as one of the most influential managers in recent football history.