article: David Moyes has told Steven Gerrard he would be welcome at Real Sociedad next season if he decides that before finally turning his back on European football he fancies a La Liga swansong. The former Everton manager paid tribute to the Liverpool legend saying: 'He has had a great career for his club and for England and he will be very difficult to replace. If he ever wanted to come to play in Spain he knows he can phone me.' Gerrard almost joined Real Madrid in 2005 and Real Sociedad – the first club of former Liverpool team-mate Xabi Alonso – would certainly welcome the former England captain who looks destined for LA Galaxy when the season ends. David Moyes would welcome Steven Gerrard at Real Sociedad after announcing he was leaving Liverpool . The former Everton manager shakes hands with Gerrard after a Merseyside derby back in 2010 . The Real Sociedad manager would like to link up with Gerrard to help his side in La Liga next season . Moyes would love to have Gerrard at the Anoeta Stadium and give him the chance to have a La Liga swansong . Moyes' praise for Gerrard came as he spoke ahead of Sunday's meeting with Barcelona as La Liga resumes after the mid-winter break. He admitted enjoying his first free festive period in over a quarter of a decade but also said he had spent the time in England looking for loan signings. Moyes said: 'It was nice to have Christmas dinner with my family. That is not always possible as a Premier League manager. I have not had a Christmas off for what must be 25 years. But I also went to games and I spoke to a lot of football people back home and asked a lot of questions about players and availability.' Moyes Manchester United side knocked Liverpool out of the Capital One Cup with a 1-0 win in September 2013 . Gerrard was expected to join MLS side LA Galaxy but may be tempted by a La Liga swansong with Moyes . Moyes (left) spent his Christmas break in England scouting players to take to Socieded in January . The former Manchester United manager has been linked with Manchester United winger Adnan Januzaj, Liverpool midfielder Emre Can and Stoke's Charlie Adam. But he refused to be drawn on individual targets saying: 'I have very clear ideas about what I want to do. But I'll keep that to myself right now because maybe the people I would like to get are not available right now or what I would like to change is not possible at the moment.' Moyes (right) chatted with Liverpool Chief Executive Ian Ayre at Turf Moor before Burnley v Liverpool . Moyes has also been linked with both Manchester United's Adnan Januzaj (left) and Liverpool's Emre Can .
highlights: David Moyes has said he would welcome Steven Gerrard to Real Sociedad . Gerrard revealed he would be leaving Anfield at the end of the season . Moyes spent his Christmas looking for players to loan from England .
id: f16e5b08200aede3c2bebcf7e62015a6a792c51c
chatgpt: David Moyes, the manager of Real Sociedad, has recently expressed his eagerness to bring Steven Gerrard to the Spanish club. Gerrard, who announced his departure from Liverpool at the end of this season, has been the center of attention for several teams across Europe. Moyes, who recently spent his Christmas holiday scouting players in England to bring on loan to Real Sociedad, revealed his admiration for Steven Gerrard. In a statement, he said, "Steven Gerrard is an exceptional player, with qualities that are much needed in our team. We would be thrilled to have him on board." Gerrard, who has played for Liverpool for most of his career, has been linked with several clubs in the past few weeks. However, he has yet to make a decision about his future. With Moyes' comments, it seems that Real Sociedad could be a strong contender for Gerrard's signature. Real Sociedad is currently ranked tenth in the Spanish league and has been struggling to find form this season. Moyes has been trying to strengthen his team and believes that Gerrard's experience and leadership could help turn the team's fortunes around. Gerrard, who has won numerous titles with Liverpool, would bring a wealth of experience to Real Sociedad. The 34-year-old has played over 600 games for Liverpool, scoring 180 goals and leading the team as captain for several years. Although Gerrard is approaching the latter stages of his career, Moyes believes that the midfielder still has a lot to offer. "Age is just a number," he said. "Steven Gerrard is a class act and has proven that time and time again. He's a player who can still make a huge impact on the game." Moyes has been busy scouting players over the Christmas period and has already made some signings, including former Manchester United player Adnan Januzaj. However, he believes that Gerrard would be a game changer for Real Sociedad. Real Sociedad has been struggling to find a consistent winning streak this season, and Gerrard's presence could be a turning point for the team. Gerrard has been praised for his leadership skills both on and off the pitch and could be the missing piece in the puzzle for Real Sociedad. With the end of the season approaching, the speculation surrounding Gerrard's future will only intensify. However, if Moyes has his way, the talismanic midfielder could be playing in Spain next season. Real Sociedad is set to face Levante on January 4, and it remains to be seen if Moyes will make any further signings before the match. One thing is for sure, with Moyes' determination to strengthen his team, Real Sociedad could be a force to be reckoned with in the future.