article: Coca-Cola has been accused of supporting the regime of Swaziland dictator King Mswati III. The Swaziland Democracy Campaign, an organisation that aims to depose Africa's last absolute monarch, has called on the multi-billion dollar drinks giant to pull out of the country immediately. The U.S.-based beverage firm owns a manufacturing plant in Swaziland - its biggest facility in Africa. Dictator: Coca-Cola has been accused of supporting the regime of Swaziland dictator King Mswati III . Mswati, who presides over one of the poorest nations in the world despite a personal wealth of £64million ($100million), has even visited Coca-Cola's headquarters in Atlanta, Georgia. 'Coca-Cola must know they’re doing business with the wrong people,' Swaziland Democracy Campaign spokersperson Mary Pais Da Silva told the Guardian. 'At the end of the day it doesn’t benefit the economy in any way. Their profits don’t help the average Swazi, while the king is getting richer by the day. 'Nobody should do business with the regime in Swaziland.' Coca-Cola contributes up to 40 per cent of Swaziland's gross domestic product, according to activists. The company says that Mswati doesn't receive any profits from its factory in the country. Lucky Lukhele, a spokesman for Swaziland Solidarity Network, said there 'is no such thing as a middle ground' and compared cooperating with Mswati's regime to supporting apartheid in South Africa. The drinks behemoth set up its Swaziland base in 1987 after abandoning apartheid South Africa. Multi-billion firm: Mswati has even visited Coca-Cola's headquarters in Atlanta, Georgia (pictured) A spokeswoman for Coca-Cola last night said the firm adheres to the 'highest ethical standards'. Sherree Shereni said: 'King Mswati III does not receive any profits or dividends from Conco Swaziland, Coca-Cola's concentrate production plant. 'Through the Coca-Cola Africa Foundation, which was set up in Swaziland in 2001, the population of Swaziland has benefited from Coca-Cola's contributions to their social welfare in the areas of water stewardship, health, education and entrepreneurship.' Mswati's lavish lifestyle has come under fire in recent months from campaigners who have demanded democracy in Swaziland. The monarch currently rules his 1.2million subjects through informal discussion with the country's cabinet, who he appoints himself. But last year the authorities were forced to quell a string of protest against his autocratic rule. Mswati, who was educated at Sherborne School in Dorset, has repeatedly refused to consider reform. Political opposition parties in the country are banned and activists are routinely arrested or assaulted. Despite the criticism of his rule, Mswati enjoys backing from neighbouring South Africa, who recently propped up the economy of its junior neighbour with a £215million loan. Swaziland is a former British protectorate which gained independence in 1968. The vast majority of its citizens live in poverty. The population has also been ravaged by Aids and has one of the highest rates of infection in the world. Some studies have suggested that up to 40 per cent of the population could be living with the disease.
highlights: Coca-Cola own manufacturing plant in African nation . Swaziland Democracy Campaign calls on drinks giant to pull out of the . country immediately . Mswati III accused of plundering Swaziland's wealth .
id: 042163323887d22ac10f484e469edb3d4850162a
chatgpt: Coca-Cola, the world-renowned beverage giant, is facing criticism from an African democracy campaign for owning a manufacturing plant in Swaziland. The Swaziland Democracy Campaign is calling on the drinks giant to pull out of the country immediately, alleging that the Swazi king, Mswati III, is plundering Swaziland's wealth. Swaziland is a small, landlocked country in Southern Africa, ruled by King Mswati III as an absolute monarch. The country's economy is heavily reliant on agriculture, with the vast majority of the population engaged in subsistence farming. Coca-Cola has a significant presence in Swaziland, owning a manufacturing plant that produces a variety of soft drinks. The Swaziland Democracy Campaign has accused King Mswati III of siphoning off Swaziland's financial resources, leaving the country's citizens in a state of poverty. The campaign is calling on Coca-Cola to pull out of Swaziland, arguing that the drinks giant's presence is only serving to prop up the king's regime. Swaziland has long been known as one of the poorest countries in the world, with high levels of unemployment and a significant portion of the population living below the poverty line. The Swazi king, despite these challenges, is reported to be one of the richest monarchs in the world, with a personal net worth estimated to be in the billions. Coca-Cola has yet to respond to the campaign's calls for the company to leave Swaziland. However, the drinks giant has faced criticism in the past for its practices in developing countries, particularly in relation to the environmental impact of its bottling plants and the exploitation of workers in its supply chain. The Swaziland Democracy Campaign is not the first organization to call for Coca-Cola to exit countries where the company's practices are deemed problematic. In recent years, Coca-Cola has faced scrutiny over its operations in India, where local communities have accused the company of depleting scarce water resources and damaging the environment. Coca-Cola has responded to these criticisms by pledging to reduce its water usage and carbon footprint and by improving working conditions in its supply chain. The company has also committed to investing millions of dollars in programs to support sustainable agriculture in developing countries. Whether Coca-Cola will heed the Swaziland Democracy Campaign's calls to leave the country remains to be seen. However, the controversy highlights the challenges faced by multinational corporations operating in countries where the political and economic systems are unstable. As more and more corporations seek to expand into developing countries, they will need to balance the potential benefits of investment with the risks of being associated with oppressive and corrupt regimes. In this regard, Coca-Cola's response to the Swaziland Democracy Campaign's calls could set a precedent for how other companies respond to similar criticisms in the future.