article: By . Matt Chorley, Mailonline Political Editor . PUBLISHED: . 05:57 EST, 7 October 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 05:58 EST, 7 October 2012 . Home Secretary Theresa May revealed free movement between EU member states is under review . Border controls could be introduced to block European immigrants flocking to Britain, Theresa May revealed today. The Home Secretary unveiled the dramatic proposal which will be seen as a direct challenge to one of the central principles of the European Union. The freedom of movement directive, which allows 500million people to move freely between member states, is under now review as part of a study into Britain’s relationship with Brussels. Europe is likely to dominate much of the Tory party conference in Birmingham this week, with David Cameron vowing to block any ‘outrageous’ increases in the EU budget from 2014. Ms May expressed concern at an expanding EU and work restrictions on migrants from Romania and Bulgaria being lifted from next year. William Hague, the foreign secretary, is carrying out a strategic review of the UK’s relationship with the EU which Eurosceptics hope will lead to the renegotiation and repatriation of significant powers. Ms May revealed it would look at immigration controls. ‘We are looking at this whole area of the abuse of the freedom of movement. But we will go further on this, and the issue of free movement will be part of the review,’ she told the Sunday Times. ‘It will be looking at where the decision-making powers are between the EU and the UK, how they are operating and what the impact of those are. ‘That will then enable us to have a good evidence base on which to look at these issues. ‘I was very clear that we wanted to make sure the free movement of persons was in that because I think it is an important issue that we need to look at.’ Visas could be introduced for migrants from some countries while others will be able to come to Britain freely. However, it would mark a major challenge to the free movement of people which is one of the four ‘fundamental freedoms’ enshrined in the EU’s founding treaty in 1957.
highlights: Home Secretary Theresa May says a review of Britain's relationship with Europe will examine free movement between member states . Europe could dominate Conservative conference, with David Cameron promising to block EU budget rises .
id: d30f26b45f7c4b723b26b514482daf25855cb81c
chatgpt: UK Home Secretary, Theresa May has announced that a review of Britain's relationship with Europe will look closely at free movement between EU member states. The move comes amid growing pressure from some areas of the Conservative party for the UK to restrict immigration from other EU countries. This review will be part of a broader examination of Britain's relationship with the EU, which has been promised by Prime Minister David Cameron.  Cameron, who is due to address the Conservative party conference today, has been making strong statements about the need for a new approach to European integration. His stance may set the tone for the conference, which is likely to be dominated by debates about the EU. Cameron has already made clear that he will block any attempts by Brussels to increase the EU's budget.  The issue of free movement has become a controversial one in recent years, as some British politicians believe that it is responsible for a rise in immigration to the UK. May's announcement is therefore likely to be welcomed by many Conservative members. The review will closely evaluate the benefits and pitfalls of free movement, along with its impact on other aspects of European integration.  However, it is unclear how much room Cameron will have for manoeuvre when negotiating with other leaders in the EU. The question of the UK's relationship with Europe has been a major issue in recent years, yet there is still little consensus on the best way forward. Cameron's vision of a reformed EU faces opposition from many quarters, including within his own party.  Despite this, many in the Conservative party see a new approach to Europe as essential if the party is to win the next election. Recent polls suggest that UKIP, which campaigns for withdrawal from the EU, is gaining in popularity at the expense of the Conservative party. It is therefore vital that Cameron can put forward a persuasive vision of a reformed Europe that both the party and the wider electorate can support.  Today's speech is seen as a key moment in Cameron's bid to remain in power. With the issue of Europe so central to his agenda, he will need to be seen as a firm leader who can take the tough decisions when it comes to EU negotiations. May's announcement on free movement is just one aspect of the debate, but it is likely to be a crucial one in shaping the mood of the conference. Cameron will need to show that he is in control of the situation and has a clear vision for Britain's future relationship with Europe.