article: (CNN) -- As the fallout continues from the release of thousands of diplomatic cables on the WikiLeaks website, Turkey's prime minister is threatening to file a lawsuit over comments made about him in one of the messages by the U.S. ambassador to his country. Recep Tayyip Erdogan says he plans to sue over remarks from then-Ambassador Eric Edelman in 2004 suggesting that the prime minister concealed his wealth in Swiss bank accounts.  Visibly angry, Erdogan told an audience in Ankara, Turkey, Wednesday that he wanted the U.S. administration to take action against the diplomats who had "slandered" him. "The United States should ask its diplomats to make an explanation because no diplomat can accuse a country with slanders and misinterpretations," he said. "This is the United States' problem, not ours... Those who have slandered us will be crushed under these claims, will be finished and will disappear," Erdogan said later, according to Turkish media reports. In a cable dated December 12, 2004, the U.S. ambassador in Ankara at the time wrote a less-than-flattering profile of Erdogan, who had recently become prime minister amid anxiety among Western governments about his "Islamist tendencies." The note sent to Washington by Edelman said the new prime minister's "hunger for power reveals itself in a sharp authoritarian style and deep distrust of others."   Erdogan's advisors were characterized as "sycophantic (but contemptuous)" in the missive. The cable also spoke of the prime minister's "susceptibility to Islamist theories." "He indulges in pronounced pro-Sunni prejudices and in emotional reactions that prevent the development of coherent, practical domestic or foreign policies," the cable added. CNN calls to Edelman for comment were not immediately returned. The cable then discussed the alleged bank accounts. While apparently offering no evidence they existed, it continued: "We have heard from two contacts that Erdogan has eight accounts in Swiss banks; his explanations that his wealth comes from the wedding presents guests gave his son and that a Turkish businessman is paying the educational expenses of all four Erdogan children in the U.S. purely altruistically are lame." Erdogan vowed to resign if it could be shown he had bank accounts in Switzerland. "I don't have a God's penny in Swiss banks to prove.  Now, I am telling the leader of the opposition and others, if such a thing would be proven, I would not stay in this position, I would not remain a parliamentarian."
highlights: Erdogan calls on the U.S. to take action against those who "slandered" him . He says he has no money in Swiss accounts . A U.S. diplomatic cable painted a less-than-flattering portrait of the prime minister .
id: 116d99fb897fcc4675cfd9e5c5d6ffb2e4a9c76a
chatgpt: Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan called on the United States to take action against those who "slandered" him, in a recent statement. He also declared that he has no money in Swiss accounts, countering rumors about his alleged illegal financial activities. The Turkish Prime Minister has been under heavy criticism lately due to corruption allegations and the recent tensions between the US and Turkey regarding the Syrian conflict. The comments by Erdogan came in response to a recent U.S. diplomatic cable that revealed a less-than-flattering portrait of the Prime Minister. The document, which was published by WikiLeaks, described Erdogan as an authoritarian leader who has used his power to suppress opposition and undermine the independent media. It criticized his government for its lack of transparency and accountability, and raised concerns over his human rights record. According to the leaked cables, Erdogan's entourage is corrupt and he has a "volatile personality". The documents also claimed that Turkey had been providing logistical and financial support to ISIS and other extremist groups in Syria. The Prime Minister and his government have denied these allegations. Erdogan took exception to the U.S. cable and urged the American government to take action against those who "slandered" him. He called the allegations "sensationalism" and accused the U.S. of taking sides in the Syrian conflict. Erdogan also demanded an apology from the U.S. government for the publication of the leaked cables. The Turkish President also addressed rumors that he had hidden money in Swiss bank accounts. He denied any wrongdoing and called the rumors "baseless". He declared that he has never had any money in Swiss accounts and that he was open to any investigation into his financial affairs by a Turkish court. He also challenged his opponents to prove their allegations against him, stating that he had nothing to hide. The allegations against Erdogan and his government have sparked protests in Turkey and raised concerns over his authoritarian rule. Critics accuse him of stifling dissent and cracking down on civil liberties. His government has been accused of suppressing the independent media and jailing journalists. The recent tensions between the US and Turkey have further fueled concerns over Erdogan's human rights record. In conclusion, the Turkish President has called on the U.S. to take action against those who have "slandered" him and denied allegations of corruption and wrongdoing. He has also challenged his opponents to prove their allegations and declared his willingness to cooperate with any investigation. The leaked cables and the recent tensions between the US and Turkey have raised concerns over Erdogan's leadership and his government's human rights record.