article: A teenager took an exam despite having been stabbed through the thigh with a screwdriver in a racist attack, it has been revealed. Bradley Halton, 18, was attacked by a group of four or five Asian men as he walked to his exam at Barking & Dagenham College in East London. The group shouted racist abuse at him, and one man grabbed his throat before another threw an arm around his waist and bundled him to the ground. Bradley Halton, 18, a trainee decorator, sat an exam at Barking and Dagenham College in East London despite suffering four stab wounds which he had plugged with tissue paper . The group then punched and kicked Mr Halton before one man stabbed him four times in the back of his right thigh with a screwdriver. Despite his wounds Mr Halton carried on walking to his exam, plugged his wounds up with tissue paper, and then sat the test without telling examiners. Mr Halton was punched, kicked and stabbed with a screwdriver by four Asian men in a racist attack . One of his friends said: 'He must be the most dedicated exam candidate. He told us the pain got worse the longer he spent on the exam, but nothing would stop him completing it.' It was only after the test finished that Mr Halton, a trainee decorator, called his girlfriend to say the pain had become unbearable, at which point she dialled 999. An ambulance took Mr Halton, from Dagenham, to the Royal London Hospital in Whitechapel where doctor's gave him an x-ray and stitches before calling his mother. Donna, 41, feared her son was dead when she first heard the news. She said: 'I was thinking he was lying in a gutter somewhere. 'But he just carried on and went to college to sit the exam after getting some tissues to put in the holes in his leg.' Mr Halton is in the second year of his vocational course at college, and returned to school for the first time yesterday after the attack. A Met Police spokesman said: 'At 2.45pm on September 16, police were called by the ambulance to the home of an 18-year-old man from Dagenham who had suffered a stab wound to his leg. 'The victim alleged that he was attacked from behind by a group of Asian males at 9am that morning. He was punched and kicked to the ground and stabbed in the thigh. 'This appears to have been a motiveless attack. No property was stolen.' Anyone with information should contact Barking and Dagenham CID by dialling 101 or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 quoting reference 5115029/14. He was only taken to hospital after finishing his exam at this college, when he called his girlfriend to complain about the pain, at which point she called an ambulance .
highlights: Bradley Halton, 18, walking to exam at Barking & Dagenham College, London . Asian men punched and kicked him, then stabbed him with a screwdriver . Plugged four wounds with tissue and sat the test without telling examiners . Was taken to hospital after exam had finished where he was given stitches .
id: 30d589f2f26ce4429f92c93b43eeccb019e1292a
chatgpt: A young man in London has shown tremendous bravery after he was attacked on his way to an exam at Barking & Dagenham College. 18-year-old Bradley Halton was walking to the college when he was set upon by a group of Asian men who punched and kicked him before stabbing him with a screwdriver. Despite his injuries, Bradley showed incredible determination and resilience by plugging four of his wounds with tissue and completing his exam before seeking medical attention. The incident took place in broad daylight, in a busy part of East London. According to witnesses, Bradley was walking on the pavement when he was approached by a group of Asian men who began to beat him without warning. The attackers then used a screwdriver to stab him multiple times before running away from the scene. Despite the severity of his injuries, Bradley remained composed and focussed on his exam. He used tissue to stem the bleeding from his wounds and managed to sit the entire exam without raising any suspicion from his examiners. Only after completing the exam did he seek medical attention and was taken to hospital where he received stitches for his injuries. The attack on Bradley has understandably caused outrage within the community. Members of the public have expressed shock and anger that such an attack could take place in broad daylight and in a busy part of the city. Some have taken to social media to express their solidarity with the victim, while others have called for action to be taken to reduce the incidence of violent crime in the city. The police have launched an investigation into the attack, but so far no arrests have been made. The motive for the attack is not yet clear, and it is not known whether Bradley was specifically targeted or if he was a victim of a random assault. Bradley's bravery and determination have been widely praised. The fact that he was able to complete his exam under such extreme circumstances is a testament to his character and strength of will. Many have praised him as a hero for his actions, with some suggesting that he should receive a bravery award for his courage in the face of adversity. The attack on Bradley is just one example of the growing problem of violent crime in London. In recent years, there has been an increase in incidents of stabbings and other violent assaults. This has led to calls for more resources to be devoted to tackling the issue, including increased police presence and better funding for community programmes aimed at preventing crime before it happens. In the meantime, Bradley's story is a powerful reminder of the importance of resilience and determination in the face of adversity. Despite being the victim of a horrific attack, he refused to let it defeat him and continued with his goals. His story is an inspiration to others who may be facing their own challenges, and serves as a reminder of the strength of the human spirit in the face of adversity.