article: (CNN) -- Prosecutors in Boston, Massachusetts, say they plan to release their files on accused "Craigslist killer" Philip Markoff, who killed himself in jail in August, after formally dropping the murder case against him Thursday. The Suffolk County District Attorney's office said Wednesday it plans to file paperwork requesting a dismissal of their case Thursday morning. The case was short-circuited when Markoff took his own life August 15, but District Attorney Daniel Conley said at the time that the evidence against the suspect was "overwhelming." Conley is slated to discuss the case with reporters Thursday morning after requesting the case be dropped, a move his office said will set the stage for the release of "all relevant documents" at an unspecified later date. "Prosecutors are currently reviewing and redacting those documents and assembling the physical evidence," the district attorney's office said in a statement issued Wednesday. "We expect that it will be ready for media review within the next few weeks." Markoff, 24, was a second-year student at Boston University's School of Medicine when arrested in April 2009 in the killing of Julissa Brisman, 25, at Boston's Copley Marriott Hotel. Police said that Brisman, a model, advertised as a masseuse on the online classifieds service Craigslist, and Markoff might have met her through the site. Authorities said Markoff killed himself in his jail cell by cutting himself multiple times with a makeshift scalpel crafted from a pen and a piece of metal. In addition, a large, clear plastic bag of a type issued to inmates was fastened around his neck with a piece of gauze. The name of his former fiancee, who called off their wedding after his arrest, was scrawled in what appeared to be blood on the wall of his cell when he was found, Conley told reporters at the time.
highlights: District attorney to file for dismissal after suspect Markoff's suicide . Prosecutors expect to release their file on Markoff "within the next few weeks" The former medical student killed himself in jail August 15 .
id: 2e304ffe5df65e18b54199efb30e36e1500e521c
chatgpt: The case against suspected killer, Markoff, will likely be dismissed after his recent suicide in jail. The district attorney is expected to file for dismissal in the coming days. Markoff, a former medical student, had been accused of committing several violent crimes, including the murder of Julissa Brisman, an aspiring model and masseuse. Prosecutors have indicated that they plan to release their file on the case "within the next few weeks." Markoff had been held in custody since his arrest in April 2009. He was charged with the murder and armed robbery of Brisman, as well as the armed robbery and attempted murder of two other women he had allegedly lured through Craigslist ads. His case gained national attention due to his good looks and seemingly normal life as a medical student. Markoff's suicide came as a surprise to many, as he had shown no outward signs of distress or suicidal tendencies while in custody. His death has raised questions about his guilt, as well as the mental health services provided to inmates. However, prosecutors maintain that the evidence against him was strong, and that the case would have likely led to a conviction. Despite the dismissal of the case, the families of Markoff's alleged victims may still have recourse in a civil suit. In fact, the family of Julissa Brisman has already filed a lawsuit against Craigslist, alleging that the company failed to adequately protect its users from harm. The suicide of Markoff brings an end to a high-profile case that had captivated the nation. It has left many wondering what could have pushed a seemingly successful young man to commit such heinous crimes, and whether there were any warning signs that authorities might have missed. The release of the prosecutor's file on the case could shed some light on these questions, and bring a sense of closure to the families affected by Markoff's alleged crimes.