article: By . Sarah Dean For Daily Mail Australia . Footy star Andrew Fifita has reportedly kicked off during a burst of road rage on Sunday afternoon. The Cronulla Sharks player allegedly punched and kicked a Subaru car on Taren Point Road, Miranda, in southern Sydney,  after angrily jumping out of the Jeep he was driving. The 25-year-old also allegedly chucked an object at the Subaru, Acting Inspector Michael Stuart told the Sydney Morning Herald. 'Both vehicles stopped on Taren Point Road. The 25-year-old allegedly made threats and punched and kicked the vehicle causing some damage to it,' said Acting Inspector Stuart. Cronulla Sharks star Andrew Fifita allegedly kicked a car during a case of road rage on Sunday . Fifita is said to have made a statement to police after the alleged victim reported the incident. The Sharks released a statement to Triple M saying they were aware of the incident. 'The Club are aware of an incident last night involving Andrew Fifita. No Charges have been laid and police investigations are continuing. The NRL have been informed. No further comment will be made at this stage.' The NRL player is currently out for the season after breaking his arm last week in a game against New Zealand Warriors. Fifita is currently out for the season after breaking his arm in a game against the New Zealand Warriors last week . Fifita (left), seen here fending off Lewis Brown of the Panthers during the round 20 NRL match between the Penrith Panthers and the Cronulla Sharks, is said to have made a statement to police . The 116kg Shark had to have surgery on August 11 to to fix the break. He wrote on Twitter: 'Devastated I snapped both bones in my arm. Can’t wait till 2015. But still the boys have a job to do first. Thanks 4 da nice tweets.' The 6ft 4 star from Blacktown, Sydney, was locked in a nasty contract dispute with Canterbury Bulldogs at the beginning of the year. He was thought to have agreed to a $3.2 million four-year deal to leave the Sharks but it never came through. Daily Mail Australia has reached out to Fifita for comment. The incident allegedly happened at Taren Point in souther Sydney on Sunday afternoon .
highlights: Cronulla Sharks star allegedly in road rage incident in southern Sydney . Police said incident is being investigated but no charges have been made . Fifita is currently injured and out for the footy season .
id: c03e41b2ccb1b52394f6736f09aeb68374b91826
chatgpt: Cronulla Sharks prop Andrew Fifita has allegedly been involved in a road rage incident in southern Sydney, according to police. The NRL star is currently out for the footy season with a knee injury, but it seems he could be in trouble off the field as well. While no charges have been made, police are investigating the incident after receiving reports of a confrontation between two drivers on Monday afternoon. A spokesperson for NSW Police said: "Officers from Miranda Police Area Command are investigating an alleged road rage incident at Taren Point on Monday 5 July 2021. An investigation is underway and inquiries are continuing." Fifita has not made any public comment on the allegations, and the Sharks have declined to comment on the matter. If Fifita is found guilty of any wrongdoing, he could face serious consequences from the NRL. The league has a strict code of conduct that governs the behavior of players both on and off the field. Any player found to have breached the code could face fines, suspensions or even have their contract terminated. The Sharks have had a rough season so far, and losing Fifita would be a major blow to their hopes of making it to the finals. The prop has been a key player for Cronulla over the years, and losing him would be a big loss for the club. However, the Sharks have been hit hard by injuries this season, and they will have to make do without Fifita for the rest of the year regardless of any disciplinary action the NRL takes against him. Fifita has been one of the most dominant forwards in the NRL over the past few years, and he will be sorely missed by the Sharks. The prop has played 214 games for Cronulla since making his debut in 2012, and he has scored 49 tries in that time. It remains to be seen what the outcome of the police investigation will be, and whether Fifita will be charged with any offense. Until then, Sharks fans will have to wait and see what happens next for one of their star players.