article: George Groves will put a potential world title fight on the backburner to fight Denis Douglin on the undercard of Nathan Cleverly's rematch with Tony Bellew. Groves, who bounced back from successive defeats to Carl Froch with a points win over Christopher Rebrasse last month, will face the American at the Liverpool Echo Arena on November 22. His win over Rebrasse earned him mandatory challenger status for the WBC belt currently held by Anthony Dirrell. George Groves (left) will return to the ring on November 22 against American Denis Douglin (right) Groves risks his mandatory world title challenger status earned in his win over Christopher Rebrasse (left) ‘Momma’s Boy’ Douglin (left) defeats Charles Whittaker in Miami in June by a unanimous points decision . 'I'm looking forward to getting back in the ring,' said Groves. 'This is a chance for me to impress on a big card. I plan to steal the show! It’s a calculated risk, lose this fight and I lose my shot at Dirrell. 'But I want to stay active, I want to box as regularly as possible and I’m confident I can get the job done. Douglin with his mother, trainer and manager Saphya, and Floyd Mayweather Snr in June 2014 . 'I’ve good memories of fighting at the Echo Arena. It’s been a happy hunting ground for me in the past. I fought my third professional fight there against Paul Samuels and I picked up a lot of fans in Liverpool that night. 'They’re a lively bunch and I hope to bump into a few of them when I’m back in November.' Groves won a points decision against Rebrasse and is keen to stay active as he awaits his title shot . Groves could lose his mandatory shot at Anthony Dirrell (right) for the WBC title belt with the Douglin fight . Douglin has lost three of his 20 fights and is, rather uniquely, trained by his mum. 'This is a big opportunity for me,’' he said. 'Win this fight and I’m a step closer to realising my dream of becoming world champion. Groves is a great boxer, it will be a tough fight but I’m ready to cause an upset. I’m coming to fight my fight and to beat Groves on his home turf.'
highlights: George Groves faces Denis Douglin on November 22 in Liverpool . He will fight on the undercard of Nathan Cleverly v Tony Bellew . American Douglin is uniquely trained and managed by his mother . Groves has mandatory challenger status for Anthony Dirrell's WBC belt .
id: bcb910b3dbc55adcac260d6e0b5e0a015f22329d
chatgpt: Professional British boxer George Groves is set to face off against American boxer Denis Douglin on November 22 in Liverpool. The highly-anticipated fight will take place on the undercard of the Nathan Cleverly v Tony Bellew main event. Known for his impressive record in the ring, Groves is making a comeback after losing his last fight against Callum Smith. He also holds the WBA super-middleweight title after defeating Fedor Chudinov in 2017.  However, his opponent, Denis Douglin, is also a force to be reckoned with. He is known for being uniquely trained and managed by his mother, Saphya, who has been instrumental in his boxing career. Douglin has previously fought against some of the biggest names in boxing, including George's fellow British boxer, Anthony Ogogo.  Despite being the underdog in this matchup, Douglin is determined to win and prove his worth in the ring. He has been training hard and is confident in his ability to take on Groves.  As for Groves, he is eager to prove himself as a top contender once again. He has mandatory challenger status for Anthony Dirrell's WBC belt and hopes to secure a title fight in the near future. A win against Douglin would undoubtedly give him the push he needs to achieve his goals. It is sure to be an exciting and action-packed fight, with both fighters bringing their A-game. Fans are eagerly anticipating the outcome of this matchup, which is set to take place at the M&S Bank Arena in Liverpool. In conclusion, George Groves and Denis Douglin are set to face off in what is sure to be an unforgettable boxing match on November 22. Despite his impressive record, Groves cannot afford to underestimate his determined opponent. Only time will tell who will come out on top, but both fighters are sure to put up a good fight.