article: By . Louise Cheer . A serial rapist broke into a celebratory dance after he was released from a West Australian prison, despite a judge saying he was at high risk of re-offending. Patrick Alfred Dennis Comeagain is now a free man and could not contain his joy while pushing a trolley of his belongings through the automatic doors of Casuarina Prison with a smile plastered across his face. On Thursday, Justice Ralph Simmons approved the 41-year-old's released into the community, but imposed a strict 10-year supervision order on the man - requiring him to wear a GPS tracker, comply to a strict curfew and not to have contact with a child under the age of 16. Scroll down for video . Patrick Alfred Dennis Comeagain has spent 14 years in prison, including time for raping a nine-year-old girl and two women . Comeagain has spent 14 years - most of his adult life - in prison and claims to have sexually assaulted 41 people, including men, women and children. He spent six of those years as a declared sex offender after the introduction of the Western Australia's tough sex offender laws. Nine News reported he was convicted of sexually assaulting a nine-year-old girl in 1994. He raped a woman five weeks after being released on parole and 37 days after that he raped another woman in her home. Justice Simmons imposed 43 conditions on Comeagain and said although there was a risk of re-offending, he wished the 41-year-old well. Comeagain thanked Justice Simmons and said he would make the most of the opportunity. He walked free through the automatic doors at Casuarina Prison with a smile on his face . His release was ordered on Thursday with 43 conditions under a strict 10-year supervision order . Western Australia Police Minister Liza Harvey said she strongly disagreed with Comeagain's release. 'The court has decided to do this, but the DDP [Director of Public Prosecutions] opposed it, police oppose it,' she told Nine News. 'We are bound by the decision of the court. 'I can only imagine [his victims'] horror in seeing this person released. I share it.' Justice Simmons let him walk free despite there being a high risk of him re-offending . Comeagain was raised in the Mullewa and Geraldton regions of Western Australia. Comeagain has had five episodes of serious sexual offending, starting in 1987 when he was 15. He has also committed offences of a non-sexual nature. Previous annual reviews of his dangerous sex offender status, it has been noted there had been very few occasions following his release from prison when Comeagain had not re-offended shortly after. Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
highlights: Patrick Alfred Dennis Comeagain's release was ordered on Thursday . He couldn't contain his joy and is seen dancing outside Casuarina Prison . The 41-year-old has spent 14 years in prison, six as a declared sex offender . His first serious sex offence was committed when he was just 15 . Comeagain's release comes with 43 conditions, including wearing a tracker .
id: cdd026b3da9f20f1d437122462f7b2089c95509b
chatgpt: Patrick Alfred Dennis Comeagain was ordered to be released from jail on Thursday, much to his excitement. Comeagain, who had spent 14 years in prison, couldn't contain his joy and was seen dancing outside Casuarina Prison. His release comes with 43 conditions, including wearing a tracker. Comeagain, who is now 41 years old, spent six years in prison as a declared sex offender. His first serious sex offence was committed when he was just 15 years old.  Although Comeagain was an offender, his release from jail is not a surprise to many. The Northern Territory Parole Board approved his release, citing that he had demonstrated good behavior during his time in the Casuarina Prison. Arguing that continued incarceration would not serve the interest of public safety. Comeagain’s release is surrounded by controversy as many are crying foul, claiming that it is too early for him to be freed. Some argue that 14 years in prison for a sex offender isn't enough, and he should have served more time. The public is also concerned about the conditions of Comeagain's release, believing that he may not adhere to them. However, some experts believe that early release after serving over 50% of one's sentence is reasonable, as long as certain conditions are met. These conditions include having an established support system in place that offers resources to the freed individual, ensuring proper rehabilitation has happened, and the correct opportunities for reintegration into society. Comeagain's release and his apparent glee with his newfound freedom have sparked a discussion on rehabilitation and recidivism. According to the National Institute of Justice, sex offenders have a recidivism rate of just 5%, which is lower than most other criminal offenders. Many argue that we should focus on effective rehabilitation, and try and help offenders get back on track rather than keeping them locked up indefinitely. Comeagain's case shines a spotlight on the importance of balancing punishment with rehabilitation, especially for serious offenses such as sex offenses. While it may be hard for many to see serial offenders being released from prison or others may claim that punishment should be harsher, research shows that an effective rehabilitation program can lead to lower rates of recidivism. Despite the controversy, Comeagain's release marks a new chapter in his life, giving him the opportunity to build a better life for himself. However, he'll need to abide by the 43 conditions set out for him to do so. Whether Comeagain can live his life according to these conditions is yet to be seen, but his release has ignited a conversation on how we can effectively balance rehabilitation, punishment, and public safety.