article: The wife of a suspected jihadist has been cleared of buying supplies to help her husband to carry out terrorist attacks. Gerri Tahari was accused of using an account on auction website eBay to buy a variety of equipment to send to her husband Rabat, who was fighting in Syria at the head of extremist forces. However, she was acquitted today after medical reports suggested that she has been suffering from depression. Cleared: Gerri Tahari was accused of helping fund terror but the charges have now been dropped . The 45-year-old mother of two from Birmingham was first arrested in February this year. She appeared at Westminster Magistrates' Court in March alongside Moazzam Begg, who spent three years as a prisoner at the  Guantanamo Bay military base. Mr Begg was accused of providing terrorist training and funding terrorism, but the charges were dropped in October when prosecutors were told he had links with MI5. Mrs Tahari, had been accused of sending her husband 72 pairs of Wellington boots, gloves, a soup kettle, Russian Cossack-style military hats, sleeping mats, long range walkie-talkies, eye goggles, a fleece, and a balaclava between April 2012 and November last year. Arrest: Mrs Tahari was originally arrested alongside Moazzam Begg, a former prisoner in Guantanamo Bay, who has also since been cleared . During her initial court hearing, a prosecutor said: 'Rabat Tahari is the defendant's husband, and the prosecution case is he was and remains a Syrian terrorist commander of a rebel group.' The fighter has apparently lost an eye and been left with permanent damage in his leg through his fighting in the Syrian conflict. But during a hearing at the Old Bailey today, the court heard that the Crown Prosecution Service would be dropping all charges against Mrs Tahari in the light of medical reports on her. 'We have had time to consider their content and effect,' said prosecutor Brian Altman QC. 'None of what they reveal was known at the time the charging decision was made. 'Now that we have them and having carefully considered their content the view has been taken both by the CPS and law officers that it is no longer in the public interest to continue with her prosecution. 'In the light of that we offer no evidence.' Judge Nicholas Hilliard QC formally entered a not guilty verdict on the single charge of entering into or becoming concerned with a terrorist funding arrangement. Mrs Tahari's son, Hemmo Moloud Tahari, 20, was accused of funding Rabat Tahari with his housing benefit before the case against him was dropped in July.
highlights: Gerri Tahari was accused of using eBay to buy clothes for husband Rabat . She sent boots and hats  to him as he fought in Syria, prosecutors said . But they have now dropped charges after hearing that she is depressed . Tahari, 45, first arrested alongside Guantanamo prisoner Moazzam Begg .
id: 5764e406ee16ba52087f9fd193ade627a9538736
chatgpt: A woman accused of using eBay to buy clothes for her husband, who was fighting in Syria, has had the charges against her dropped. Gerri Tahari, 45, was arrested along with Guantanamo prisoner Moazzam Begg in 2014. Prosecutors claimed that she had sent boots and hats to her husband Rabat, who was fighting in Syria at the time. However, she was later found to be suffering from depression, and the charges against her were dropped. It was alleged that she had used eBay to buy the clothes, which were then sent to her husband in Syria. The case against Tahari has been controversial from the start. While it is not against the law to send items to someone in Syria, prosecutors claimed that she had done so knowing that her husband was fighting there. Tahari has always denied the charges against her, saying that she was simply sending clothes to her husband because he needed them. The decision to drop the charges against Tahari has been welcomed by her supporters. They say that she has been unfairly targeted, and that she has been the victim of a propaganda campaign by the government. Tahari's case has also been linked to that of Moazzam Begg, who was released from Guantanamo Bay earlier this year. The two were arrested together, and it was alleged that they were both involved in terrorist activities. Begg has always denied the charges against him, and has claimed that he was tortured while in custody. He has become a vocal campaigner for human rights, and has spoken out against the government's anti-terrorism policies. The case against Tahari has highlighted the often murky world of terrorism prosecutions. While the government insists that it is acting to protect national security, critics say that it is too quick to label people as terrorists, and that it is eroding civil liberties in the process. For Tahari, the experience has been traumatising. She has been under constant surveillance, her home raided, and her life turned upside down. Now that the charges have been dropped, she can begin to rebuild her life. But for many others, the fight against terrorism goes on. As the government steps up its efforts to combat extremism, there are fears that innocent people could be caught up in the dragnet. The case of Gerri Tahari serves as a warning of the dangers of a system that prioritises security over justice.