article: Justification: Cressida Dick has written to the Society of Editors justifying the Met's investigation and methods . The officer in charge of Scotland Yard’s inquiries in the wake of  the phone-hacking scandal  has been forced to defend her force’s tactics. Questions have been raised over the scope of Operation Elveden, the multi-million pound criminal inquiry into alleged bribes paid by journalists to public officials, after it targeted police officers who have ‘leaked’ information with no payment involved. Those concerns follow mounting  controversy over the dawn arrests of journalists – including an ex-editor who was seven months pregnant – and reporters left facing many months before discovering whether they will face charges. The arrests have also prompted fears, after the Leveson inquiry, that informal contact between police officers and the Press is being outlawed. Now Assistant Commissioner Cressida Dick has written to the Society of Editors justifying the Met’s investigations and methods. In her unsolicited letter explaining the Elveden operation she insists: ‘The investigations being carried out do not mean that the Met wants or intends to stop officers talking to journalists.’ Defending the much-criticised ‘7am door knocks’, Miss Dick says there are ‘sound operational reasons for the times of day we elect to arrest people’. Miss Dick said there was ‘genuine concern’ by police over the time those arrested have been on bail but said there have been ‘millions of emails, documentation, complex communications data and trails of financial transactions that require painstaking analysis’. She concluded: ‘An unintended and, I hope, short-term consequence of this may be a negative effect on relations between police and journalists. ‘This is unfortunate but in no way undermines the value the Metropolitan Police Service puts on the role of a free and investigative Press in a democratic society – indeed this investigation is the result of such journalism. We want open, professional and trusting relationships between our officers and journalists.’ Bob Satchwell, executive director of the Society of Editors, said: ‘While I am glad she has recognised the need to give an explanation, areas of concern remain. ‘We should all recognise that the police sometimes have a difficult job to do, but early-morning knocks on the doors of journalists still require some justification.’
highlights: Assistant Commissioner Cressida Dick has written to the Society of Editors . She says the Met does not want to stop officers talking to journalists .
id: 9c12744b15c3bbac19f8cf83e2e189005a95252b
chatgpt: Assistant Commissioner Cressida Dick has responded to concerns raised by the Society of Editors regarding police officers speaking to journalists. In a letter to the organization, the head of the Metropolitan Police in London affirmed that the police force does not intend to stop officers from speaking with journalists. The Society of Editors had previously expressed concerns about a proposed new code of ethics that was being developed. The code, which was intended to set guidelines for interactions between journalists and police officers, was criticized by the Society for potentially limiting press freedoms. The organization also claimed that the new code would discourage police officers from speaking to journalists, which would negatively impact their ability to uncover important information. In her letter, Cressida Dick acknowledged the concerns raised by the Society of Editors and affirmed that the Met has no plans to restrict police officers from speaking to journalists. She stated that the police force recognizes the important role that journalists play in informing the public and holding those in power accountable. While the new code of ethics is still being developed, the Met is committed to ensuring that it does not infringe on press freedoms or prevent important information from being brought to light. The issue of police officers speaking to journalists has been a controversial one in recent years. While journalists and press freedom organizations argue that police officers should be free to speak with the media, many within law enforcement view such interactions as potentially harmful to ongoing investigations or operations. In some cases, police officers have faced disciplinary action or even criminal charges for speaking with journalists without proper authorization. Despite these challenges, the Society of Editors has remained committed to protecting press freedoms and ensuring that journalists have access to important information. As the head of the Met in London, Cressida Dick has a crucial role to play in balancing the needs of law enforcement with the need for transparency and the public's right to access information. Her letter to the Society of Editors suggests that she takes this responsibility seriously and is committed to working with journalists to ensure that information is available to the public in a responsible and ethical manner. Overall, the issue of police officers speaking with journalists is far from settled. However, the commitment shown by the Met's Assistant Commissioner in her letter to the Society of Editors is an encouraging sign that progress can be made in balancing the need for public safety with the need for transparency and accountability in law enforcement. By working together, journalists and police officers can continue to uncover important information that serves the public interest and keeps the public informed about key issues affecting their lives.