article: A busy Victoria mother-of-two toddlers has been left stunned after nationwide bank Westpac asked to speak to her three-year-old boy before she could change any details on his savings account. Michelle Morton rang Westpac's customer service hotline for their assistance in changing the address on her son Toby's account. However, the bank refused to deal with Michelle, insisting that they speak directly with Tony the account holder, for privacy reasons. A busy mother of two toddlers has been left stunned after nationwide bank Westpac asked to speak to her three-year-old boy before she could change any details on his savings account . Toby, who was sleeping at the time, was unable to come to the phone and Michelle was forced to hang-up and try again later. The Bayside Mum-of-two said that she initially thought the customer service representative was joking by asking to speak to the three-year-old. But it became apparent that they were not joking and Ms Morton was forced to  call back when Toby wasn't taking a nap. Michelle Morton rang Westpac's customer service hotline for their assistance in changing the address on her son Toby's account . The bank refused to deal with Michelle, insisting that they speak directly with Tony the account holder, for privacy reasons . A few days later, she called back again and put her little boy on to the phone to the Westpac worker. However, Toby got stage fright and didn't say a word to the representative. Speaking to the 7News, Ms Morton said she understood the company had strict policies to adhere to but the representatives should have used their common sense in this situation. 'I put him on the phone and he went all shy and scared,' Mrs Morton said. A few days later, she called back again and put her little boy on to the phone to the Westpac worker.However, Toby got stage fright and didn't say a word to the representative . 'I appreciate privacy and they are obviously taking it very, very seriously, which is good, but I think sometimes common sense should prevail,' she said. Wetpac has since been in contact with Ms Morton to apologise for the poor service. The bank told Ms Morton that she will have to visit a Westpac branch should she wish to change Toby's account details, however, she has not found the time to visit.
highlights: Michelle Morton was surprised when Westpac asked to speak to her three-year-old toddler, Tony, to verify his details . Her son, who is barely able to say his own name, was sleeping at the time and couldn't come to the phone . Ms Morton was forced to call back at a later time to change his address . When she called Westpac for a second time she put Toby on the phone . The shy toddler went silent and didn't say a word . Ms Morton was told that she would have to visit a branch in person to change Toby's details .
id: cfb85c0289fbe5eec521266317b171d3038d885e
chatgpt: Michelle Morton, a mother from Sydney, had a strange experience when she called Westpac to update her son's details. During the phone call, the bank representative asked to speak to Tony, Morton's three-year-old son. Morton was rather surprised by this request since Tony is barely able to say his own name, let alone verify his personal information. Unfortunately for Morton, Tony wasn't able to come to the phone since he was sleeping at the time of the call. Morton was therefore forced to call back at a later time to change Tony's address. When she did, she put Tony on the phone as requested, but the shy toddler remained silent and didn't say a word. The bank representative informed Morton that they needed to speak to Tony to comply with their strict verification procedures. However, since Tony was unable to speak for himself, Morton was told that she would have to visit a branch in person to change his details. This experience left Morton feeling frustrated and confused. In an interview with the Daily Mail Australia, she stated that she sympathizes with the need for banks to verify their customers' identities, but she believes that asking to speak to a toddler is a step too far. Westpac has issued a statement in response to the incident, reaffirming their commitment to providing secure banking services to their customers. "Our processes are in place to protect our customers from fraud, and we apologize for any inconvenience caused," the statement read. This isn't the first time that banks have faced criticism for their strict identity verification procedures. In recent years, many banks have been accused of treating their customers like criminals by demanding absurdly high levels of documentation and information. Despite the frustrations that some customers may face, it's important to remember that banks have a responsibility to protect their customers' identities and finances. As technology continues to evolve, it's likely that banks will continue to introduce new methods of identity verification to stay ahead of fraudulent activities.