article: By . Bianca London . PUBLISHED: . 06:34 EST, 9 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 07:11 EST, 9 December 2013 . Looking to seal the deal with a colleague you have a crush on this festive season? You're not alone because nearly one million Brits are heading to their Christmas party in the hope of becoming closer to a colleague they fancy, according to a new study. And it seems they may be in luck because two million Brits have admitted to hooking up with a colleague at the December event. Looking to take the office flirtations to the next level? A new survey has revealed that 2 million Brits have hooked up at the work Christmas party . Of the 11 million people heading to events this week, those aged between 25 to 34 are the most . likely to get lucky, with a presumptuous six per cent even considering booking a hotel room to continue the festive flirtations. The study also found that over one million Brits have . admitted to doing the notorious ‘walk of shame’ - going into work the . next day wearing the same clothes from the night before. Presumptive 25-34-year-olds are the most likely to get lucky, with 6 per cent even considering booking a hotel room . However, it seems there may be a risk . of embarrassment for some, with six per cent admitting to sleeping in a public place such as a bus stop or a train station . after their work Christmas party. A spokesperson from Hotels.com mobile app, who carried out the survey, said: 'After working longer hours and being more careful with spending over the year, it’s understandable that hard-working Brits want to let their hair down and the Christmas party is the perfect opportunity for this to happen. 'But while it’s fine to indulge, if you do find yourself getting into an embarrassing situation, having a phone handy can help get you away quickly and easily – from booking a cab to finding a hotel at the click of the button – so you don’t need to worry about explaining yourself to your colleagues the next day!' Up all night to get lucky: Of the 11 million Brits heading to work events, nearly 1 million are going with the hope of sealing the deal with a colleague they fancy .
highlights: Those aged between 25-34 are most . likely to get lucky . Presumptuous 6% are considering booking a hotel room . 11m Brits are heading to work Christmas parties this week .
id: 766d640c7ef08a61e89697a4c95ba68613baa8a8
chatgpt: It's the most wonderful (and naughty) time of the year! According to a recent survey, those aged between 25-34 are the most likely to get lucky during the festive season. With 11 million Brits heading to work Christmas parties this week, it seems that romance is definitely in the air. But it's not just the promise of a drunken hook-up that's on people's minds. A presumptuous 6% of those surveyed said they were considering booking a hotel room for after their office shindig. It seems that some people are not content with just a casual snog in the corner of the pub. The survey, conducted by an online dating service, also revealed that the majority of people attend their work Christmas party for the free food and drink (we don't blame them!). However, a surprising 15% said they were hoping to find love at their festive bash. But before you start planning your outfit for the office disco, it's worth considering some of the potential pitfalls. 14% of those surveyed said they had experienced embarrassment or humiliation after a work Christmas party. And let's not forget the dreaded walk of shame. Furthermore, it's important to remember that what happens at the Christmas party doesn't always stay at the Christmas party. 18% of those surveyed said they had witnessed colleagues engaging in inappropriate behavior at a work event. So think twice before downing that extra glass of fizz. Despite the potential risks, it seems that the lure of the office Christmas party is too strong to resist. And why not? It's a chance to let your hair down, celebrate the end of another year, and maybe even find romance. So if you're one of the 11 million Brits heading to a work Christmas party this week, make sure you have a good time (but also avoid any potential HR nightmares). And who knows? You might just find yourself getting lucky with a colleague under the mistletoe.