article: It's a big nation that can take a long hard look at itself and reach the conclusion it might be a bit rude toward tourists. France, which regularly tops lists of countries that are surly to travelers, appears to be waking up to the notion this might not actually be good for business. While not exactly prompting a full-blown existential crisis, the admission does seem to have led to discussions on how to make its boulevards and brasseries more inviting. "We must rediscover the meaning of hospitality," Innovation Minister Fleur Pellerin told a tourism conference last week. "Everyone recognizes we can do better on the welcome and quality of service." This won't be news to anyone who's visited Paris in recent years and received Gallic shrugs of indifference from waiters or hoteliers. Neither is it the first time that France has done some soul searching about its attitudes. Targeted by pickpockets . Last year Parisian tourism and trade officials launched a manual offering advice to service industry employees on how to befriend the various nationalities that flock to the city. Problems apparently persist -- not helped by a 2013 crime wave in which crowds of Chinese tourists were reportedly targeted by pickpockets. A six-day strike by French air traffic controllers that's expected to create major delays for travelers this week is also unlikely to burnish the nation's image. Pellerin said France mustn't "rest on its laurels" at a time when the country badly needs the annual $16 billion injection that tourism provides to its economy. Her comments came as Laurent Fabius, France's foreign minister, said in an interview that he wants to push through new measures to attract visitors. He told BFMTV that he was involved with discussions to ease France's restrictive Sunday trading laws to open up more shops in Paris. Fabius said he hopes improved road and rail links between the capital and Charles de Gaulle Airport will also improve matters. As might a drive to encourage more tourism industry workers to learn other languages. Shifting attitudes . Fabius said it's "essential" that people understand that any tourist "whether French or foreign -- is someone we should welcome." Some, however, say that France is at least making progress. "I think that, on the whole, French attitudes have shifted and that French people are more courteous with tourists than they used to be," French commentator and journalist Agnes Poirier told CNN. "They are also more likely to be able to speak English and give indications. "It is difficult for Parisians to simply ignore tourists. They know tourists spend a lot, and are a vital element of the country's prosperity, and should therefore be well treated."
highlights: French ministers say their country could try harder to welcome visitors . Fleur Pellerin warns situation must improve or $16 billion annual tourism revenues could be hit . Plans unveiled to reform restrictive retail hours and drive to improve non-French languages .
id: 42295f9ca14bd16e0fe5901c902d6c40d5f2cff8
chatgpt: French government officials have admitted that their country could do more to welcome visitors, raising concerns that its $16 billion annual tourism revenues could be at risk if improvements are not made. Speaking about the issue, former Minister of Culture and Communication Fleur Pellerin emphasized the need to address the current challenges in France's tourism industry. According to Pellerin, the French government has to develop new policies and initiatives to make it easier for tourists to visit and enjoy the country. This comes on the heels of a recent report which highlighted some of the challenges that visitors face, including the country's restrictive retail hours and the lack of proficiency in non-French languages. The problem of restrictive retail hours is a serious one that has been causing concern in the country for some time. Tourists often find that many stores and businesses are closed when they want to shop or visit, particularly outside of major cities. This can be a major inconvenience for visitors and can deter them from returning to France in the future. To address this issue, French officials are looking at ways of reforming the country's retail laws to make it easier for stores to stay open longer. This could involve changes to legislation, as well as incentives for businesses to remain open for extended hours. Another challenge for tourists in France is the language barrier. While French is widely spoken, visitors who do not speak the language can struggle to communicate effectively. This can make things difficult when trying to get around, order food or deal with other issues that arise. To tackle this problem, French ministers have proposed a range of initiatives aimed at improving language proficiency among tourism workers. This could include language courses, training programs and other resources designed to help workers communicate more effectively with visitors. Overall, the French government is committed to improving the country's tourism industry for visitors from around the world. While there are certainly challenges to be addressed, officials are optimistic that solutions can be found that will help to drive greater revenues and ensure that France remains a top tourism destination. As Fleur Pellerin pointed out, "France is a country with an incredible history, culture, and beauty. We want to welcome tourists from all over the world and share our treasures with them. But we need to do more to make sure that they have the best possible experience when they visit us. By addressing some of the challenges that visitors face, we can ensure that France remains a top destination for years to come."