article: Clean-living pop star Ellie Goulding has had a sobering reminder to wear bright clothes while exercising. The Burn singer injured herself after crashing into a builder while out for an early morning run dressed in grey jogging gear and a beanie hat. A friend of the star explains: ‘Ellie suffered a cut lip, hurt her leg and was also shaken up.' Ouch! Ellie Goulding crashed into a man while out jogging due to the fact that she wore dark clothing, so the man did not see her . 'She doesn’t like drawing attention to herself when she’s running but this has taught her that it’s better to be seen than to be injured. ‘Ellie jogs four or five times a week, does the Insanity fitness DVD and  attends Barry’s Bootcamp classes, and she can’t keep that up if she’s getting  silly injuries.’ Let’s hope Ellie won’t be out of action for too long. Safety selfie: App Eyenaemia, helps provide an early aid to diagnosis of anaemia (stock image) The craze for selfies is  being harnessed in the battle against anaemia. A new phone app, Eyenaemia, helps provide an early aid to diagnosis of the condition, in which the number of red blood cells is reduced. A picture of the eyes can be emailed to a doctor, who will order blood tests if there is a positive result. Examining body parts that should be blood-red, such  as the eyelids and gums, can provide the first clues in the diagnosis of anaemia, which is typically caused by  an iron deficiency. Migraine could be eased with meditation,  say researchers. Staff at the Wake Forest Baptist Medical Center in North Carolina  looked at the effects of yoga and meditation known as mindfulness-based stress reduction (MBSR) in adults suffering from migraines. The MBSR participants had fewer and less severe episodes than those in the control group. The findings are published online by the journal Headache. Heart attack patients often . assume that they’re in the clear if they suffer no  ill-effects after 12 . months, but  a new study reveals they need to maintain vigilance. The . research, commissioned by drugs giant AstraZeneca and presented at the . European Society of Cardiology last month, looked at 10,000 UK . heart-attack survivors. It found that one in five who had been free of effects for a year will . go on to have another event such as a heart attack or stroke within the . next three years.
highlights: Singer injured while out jogging when she crashed into a man . Outfit to blame as Ellie chooses dark clothing to avoid being seen .
id: 95b2f46dde0126708b43228d5f05ac1eb675c2dd
chatgpt: British singer Ellie Goulding was left with minor injuries after a collision with a man while out jogging in London. According to eyewitnesses, the collision occurred when Goulding, who was wearing dark clothing, ran into a man who was also jogging. Goulding's outfit choice was criticized as it made her difficult to see and may have played a role in the accident. The incident took place on Tuesday evening in Blackheath, London. Goulding was out for a run when she collided with a man, whose identity has not been disclosed. The singer suffered minor injuries and was treated at the scene by paramedics before being taken to a nearby hospital for a check-up. She later took to Instagram to reassure her fans that she was doing okay. Eyewitnesses to the incident said that the man involved appeared to be in his 60s and was also out jogging. It is not clear at this time what injuries he may have sustained. Goulding, who is no stranger to fitness, had been keeping fit during lockdown and was previously spotted running in a park near her home in west London. The incident has sparked a discussion about the importance of visibility while jogging, particularly during the darker winter months. Many runners choose to wear high-visibility clothing or accessories to ensure that they are seen by drivers and other pedestrians. Despite this, there have been a number of accidents involving runners in recent years. Goulding's outfit choice has been criticized by some as an example of what not to wear while out jogging. Many social media users pointed out that dark clothing can make it difficult for drivers to see a person, particularly in low-light conditions. Others defended Goulding, saying that accidents can happen even when wearing brightly colored clothing. Goulding herself has been vocal about the importance of physical fitness and has previously spoken about how exercise has helped her mental health. In an interview with Women's Health earlier this year, she said that she tries to make exercise a priority, even when she is busy with work. "I always make sure to exercise even if it's just for 20 minutes a day. It's really important for my mental health," she said. Despite this recent incident, Goulding is likely to continue her fitness regime. Fans have sent messages of support to the singer, wishing her a speedy recovery.