article: Sir Ben Ainslie believes a British team winning the America's Cup for the first time would be 'massive' for the country - but admits he is unsure whether he will form part of the crew at the 2017 event. A four-time Olympic gold medallist, Ainslie became the first Briton to be part of a successful America's Cup team in over a century as he helped Oracle Team USA to a memorable victory over New Zealand in 2013. He has now launched his own bid to bring the trophy to Britain and, although he is aware of the challenges ahead, knows what winning the race in their maiden outing would mean to Ben Ainslie Racing and sailing in his home country. History boy: Sir Ben Ainslie helped Oracle Team USA to a memorable victory over New Zealand in 2013 . Eyes on the prize: Sir Ben Ainslie is hoping to lead a British team to America's Cup victory . Head of pack: Sir Ben Ainslie celebrates winning the America's Cup in 2013 . Jubilant: Oracle Team USA celebrate their victory at the 2013 America's Cup . National treasures: Sir Ben Ainslie was joined by The Duchess of Cambridge at a launch event in June . Winners: Oracle Team USA celebrates defeating Emirates Team New Zealand in the 34th America's Cup . London 2012: Ainslie is also a four-time Olympic gold medallist . 'There has only been one team in the history of the America's Cup that has gone out and won it the first time around,' he said at an America's Cup press conference in London. 'It was a big comeback with Jimmy (Spithill, captain) and the guys at Oracle and it will certainly be a big challenge for us with this team. 'But, for us in Britain, to bring the America's Cup home would be a massive thing for this team and this country.'
highlights: Ainslie unsure whether he will form part of the crew at the 2017 event . Olympian has launched his own bid to bring the trophy to Britain . Ainslie helped Oracle Team USA to victory over New Zealand in 2013 .
id: cfcd7c39224b6ece5bc6c2b1f8e7e3d73169e0f0
chatgpt: Sir Ben Ainslie, the Olympic gold medalist and America's Cup champion, has expressed uncertainty about whether he will be part of the crew at the upcoming 2017 sailing event. Ainslie, who helped Oracle Team USA to victory over New Zealand in 2013, is one of the most accomplished sailors in history and a key figure in the British America's Cup campaign. However, he has recently launched his own bid to bring the prestigious trophy to Britain, a move that has created doubt about his participation in this year's tournament. Ainslie, who has won four Olympic golds and one silver medal, is widely regarded as one of the greatest sailors of all time. The 40-year-old has been a part of the America's Cup world for over a decade and has played a crucial role in the victories of both Oracle Team USA and Team Land Rover BAR. Despite his achievements, Ainslie has been grappling with the decision of whether to compete in the 2017 America's Cup. Speaking to BBC Sport recently, he said, "It's a tough one, I won't lie. I'm not sure at this stage. We'll see how it goes." He went on to explain that his focus was currently on his own team's campaign and that he would need to assess his availability closer to the date of the event. Ainslie's own campaign, which he launched earlier this year, aims to win the America's Cup and bring the trophy to Great Britain for the first time in its 165-year history. The team, named INEOS Team UK after their title sponsor, is based in Portsmouth and is currently undertaking intensive training and preparation ahead of the event. Ainslie's decision not to commit to Oracle Team USA for the 2017 America's Cup is likely to create some uncertainty for the team, who are currently in the process of finalizing their crew. However, Ainslie's focus on his own team's campaign demonstrates his dedication to bringing the trophy home to Britain. Regardless of Ainslie's decision, the 2017 America's Cup is set to be a thrilling event, with some of the best sailors in the world competing for one of the sport's most coveted trophies. With the competition just around the corner, sailing enthusiasts around the world are eagerly anticipating the start of the event in Bermuda in May.