article: By . John Drayton . Newcastle strolled to a 4-0 victory against Sydney FC on Tuesday as Alan Pardew's new signings were given the chance to impress in New Zealand. Siem de Jong gave the Magpies an early lead as the Dutchman pounced on a mistake from Sydney goalkeeper Ivan Necevski to rob him of the ball before slotting home for his second pre-season goal of the summer. Shortly afterwards, Newcastle new boy Emmanuel Riviere scored on his non-competitive Newcastle debut after putting the finishing touch to a Yoan Gouffran cross. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Are Newcastle players wearing GPS units against Sydney FC? Off the mark: Newcastle's new signing Emmanuel Riviere (right) scored his first goal for the club . Free scoring: Both Siem de Jong and Riviere were on the scoresheet for Newcastle . Newcastle: Elliot, Yanga-Mbiwa, Coloccini, Steven Taylor, Haidara, Aarons, Anita, Colback, Gouffran, De Jong, Riviere . Subs: Abeid, Alnwick, Sammy Ameobi, Armstrong, Dummett, Perez, Satka, Vuckic, Woodman . Goals: De Jong 19', Riviere 26', Yanga-Mbiwa 33', Armstrong 82' Sydney FC: Necevski, Ryall, Petkovic, Gameiro, Ibini, Ognenovski, Antonis, Carle, Abbas, Brosque, Gersbach . Subs: Janjetovic, Jurman, Triantis, Dimitrijevic, Timetheou, Burgess, Muata-Marlow . Newcastle defender Mapou Yanga-Mbiwa even fancied his chances as the right-back let rip from 20-yards to find the net courtesy of a fairly hefty deflection. It was a good workout for Alan Pardew's side in the chill of Dunedin as Sydney began to put up more of a fight in the second half while the string of substitutes took the flow out of the game. It took until the 82nd minute for Newcastle to grab their fourth when substitute Adam Armstrong slotted past the Sydney goalkeeper. Ahead of the kick-off, both teams took part in a touching tribute to the two Newcastle fans that sadly lost their lives on the Malaysia Airlines flight MH17. Alan Pardew and Fabricio Coloccini placed two wreaths onto two empty seats with messages that read: 'With love from all at NUFC'. Both sets of teams also took part in a moment of silence before the game. Easy: Yanga-Mbiwa (centre) celebrates scoring Newcastle's third goal of the game . Happy: Newcastle players rush to Yanga-Mbiwa after he scores his first goal for the Magpies . Respect: Newcastle players pay tribute to the death of fans John Alder and Liam Sweeney before the match . There in spirit: Wreaths wait to be placed onto two stadium seats in memory of Newcastle United fans . Listen to me: Alan Pardew shouts some instruction to his Newcastle players . Getting fit: Riviere (left) and De Jong in action during the pre-season friendly in New Zealand . Surrounded: Corey Gameiro of Sydney FC passes the ball through the Newcastle midfield . Jump: Mapou Yanga-Mbiwa climbs high to win the ball during the first half .
highlights: Siem de Jong and Emmanuel Riviere both score as Newcastle defeat Sydney . Mapou Yanga-Mbiwa and Adam Armstrong complete the rout . Newcastle players and staff pay tribute to two fans on flight MH17 .
id: c4db12f3102b950320d17381a20307303a45e98e
chatgpt: Newcastle United continued their pre-season preparations with a comfortable 4-0 win over Sydney FC in Dunedin, New Zealand. Siem de Jong and Emmanuel Riviere both found the back of the net in the first half, while Mapou Yanga-Mbiwa and Adam Armstrong added their names to the scoresheet late on to complete the rout. The match was played in tough conditions, with heavy rain falling throughout the game, but Newcastle coped admirably and controlled proceedings from start to finish. The Magpies' attacking play was fluid and incisive, while their defence looked organised and solid. De Jong opened the scoring in the 19th minute, as he collected a precise pass from Gabriel Obertan on the edge of the box and fired a low shot past Sydney goalkeeper Vedran Janjetovic. The Dutchman's goal was the first of the pre-season for Newcastle, and it set the tone for the rest of the match. Riviere doubled the visitors' lead just after the half-hour mark, as he latched onto a through ball from Mehdi Abeid and slotted the ball through Janjetovic's legs. The Frenchman's finish was clinical and showcased his poacher's instinct in front of goal. Newcastle continued to attack after half-time, and they were rewarded in the 65th minute when Yanga-Mbiwa headed home a corner from Obertan. The French defender's goal was well-deserved, as he had been solid at the back throughout the game. Armstrong wrapped up the scoring in the 81st minute, as he showed his pace and skill to race past Sydney defender Seb Ryall and slot the ball past Janjetovic. The young striker's finish was a sign of his potential, and he will be hoping to make a bigger impact in the first team this season. After the game, Newcastle players and staff paid tribute to two fans who were on board Malaysia Airlines flight MH17, which was shot down over Ukraine last week. John Alder and Liam Sweeney were travelling to New Zealand to watch the Magpies in action, and their loss has been felt deeply by the club. Newcastle manager Alan Pardew said: "This victory is dedicated to John and Liam. We knew how much they were looking forward to coming out here, and we wanted to make sure we did them proud. They will always be in our thoughts and hearts." The Newcastle players wore black armbands during the match in memory of Alder and Sweeney, and there was a minute's silence before kick-off in their honour. The Magpies will continue their pre-season preparations with another game against the Wellington Phoenix on Saturday, but the memory of their fallen fans will be with them every step of the way.