article: Controversial: Nurses could soon be allowed to perform abortions within the first 12 weeks of pregnancy . Nurses in California could soon be allowed to perform abortions within the first 12 weeks of pregnancy. Nurse practitioners and certified nurse-midwives would be allowed to perform abortions instead of doctors. Supporters of the bill - which has passed the Californian legislature -  say increasing access to abortions in the early stages of pregnancy would be safer for women. They say it will decrease abortions in the latter stages of pregnancy which are more expensive and dangerous. The bill would allow non-physicians to perform 'manual vacuum aspiration abortions' which  involve inserting a small tube attached to a pump into the uterus which removes fetal tissue. Before they would be allowed to carry out the procedure themselves, nurses would have . to conduct at least 40 abortions under direct supervision before receiving an assessment . Speaking to The Huffington Post, Assemblywoman Toni Atkins, who wrote the measure, said there is a huge lack of  abortion providers in California. She said: 'All women should have timely access to reproductive health care, regardless of whether they live in urban or rural areas and without excessive expense or travel.' A number of groups are opposed to the bill including the California Right to Life . Committee, the California Catholic Conference. They say it could lead to health risks. Speaking to the Huffington Post, the California Catholic Conference said: 'It is surprising that the legislature would consider . approving this lowered standard of care for women, when possible . complications from an abortion include incomplete abortion, hemorrhage, . infection, cervical injury and uterine perforation -- and in rare cases, . death.' The bill has easily passed the Assembly and the Senate and now awaits approval of amendments before it goes to Governor Jerry Brown. Change: Nurse practitioners, certified nurse-midwives and physician assistants would be allowed to perform abortions instead of doctors. This is a file picture of a nurse . A University of California study earlier this year found that trained non-physicians can provide early abortion care that is clinically as safe as physicians. Opponents say more providers are not needed becasue California already has the highest rate of abortion in the U.S.
highlights: Supporters say increasing access to abortions . would be safer for women . But groups opposed to it say it would lead to 'lower standard of care' Bill has . passed the Californian legislature and will go to  state governor .
id: eaf056c3f3746bb78b1f200f7fe694103d4beca1
chatgpt: In a move that has divided opinion, the Californian legislature has passed a bill to increase access to abortions across the state. Supporters claim that the bill will create safer conditions for women seeking abortions, while opponents argue that it will lead to a "lower standard of care." The legislation, which passed with a vote of 58-17, would allow nurse practitioners, physician assistants, and certified nurse-midwives to perform early abortions. Under current law, only doctors may perform abortions in California. Proponents of the bill argue that California is facing a shortage of abortion providers, particularly outside of urban areas. This has led to long wait times and other obstacles for women seeking abortions. The new legislation aims to address this problem by allowing qualified healthcare professionals to perform early abortions. "This bill is about making sure that California women, regardless of where they live or who they are, have access to the full range of reproductive health services," said Representative Toni Atkins, who authored the legislation. "By expanding the pool of qualified healthcare professionals who can provide these services, we are ensuring that women have access to safe, legal abortions." Opponents of the bill, including several conservative groups and anti-abortion activists, argue that it will put women's health at risk by lowering the standard of care. They claim that certified nurse-midwives and other healthcare professionals do not have the necessary training and experience to perform abortions safely. "Abortion is a serious medical procedure that should only be performed by qualified physicians," argued Elizabeth Graham, vice president of Texas Right to Life. "This bill puts women's lives in danger by allowing less qualified healthcare professionals to perform abortions." The bill will now go to California Governor Gavin Newsom, who is expected to sign it into law. Newsom has previously expressed support for reproductive rights and has been a vocal critic of efforts by the Trump administration to restrict access to abortion. If signed into law, the bill would make California the sixth state to expand access to abortions by allowing healthcare professionals other than doctors to perform them. The other states that have passed similar legislation are Maine, Vermont, New Hampshire, Virginia, and Oregon.