article: Star Wars creator George Lucas has made millions from merchandise on the back of his famous films, but even he would surely never have dreamt of this. A French fast food chain has revealed a promotional snack which really has gone to the Dark Side, a Star Wars-inspired burger with completely black buns. The burger chain Quick cooked up the black-looking bun - named Dark Vador - to tie in with the release of Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace in 3D. Peckish: The Star Wars burger has a distinctly overdone look . Although the buns look like decidedly . burned, they are in fact simply dyed, and have two beef patties with . cheese, lettuce and tomato inbetween. The relevance is questionable given that Darth Vader only appears in The Phantom Menace as 10-year-old Anakin Skywalker. As . well as the Dark Vador burger, Quick have also created an . only-slightly-more appealing Jedi burger, and a Dark Burger, based on . Darth Maul. These aren't the burgers you're looking for: The Dark Vador burger features completely black buns, which are dyed rather than burnt. The meals will be served until March 1 this year - although any Brits who have ever had to fill up at the fast food outlets on long journeys around the country may decide they are yet another reason to steer clear. The stunt is not the first time the French fast food chain have raised eyebrows with their promotional material. In February 2010 the chain decided to . serve only halal meat in eight restaurants, sparking criticism from . politicians that its menu discriminates against non-Muslims. Would you like fries with that Mr Vader: Whether the sith lord, pictured here in The Empire Strikes Back, would approve of a burger in his name is debateable . The French chain previously raised eyebrows when it introduced halal-only menus in February last year . And in November 2010, Quick said it intended to offer foie gras 'burgers' at bargain prices as a treat for customers ahead of Christmas. Quick burger's 'Supreme Foie Gras' consisted of the normally expensive duck foie gras, beef, relish and lettuce and go on sale for only 5 euros ($6.57) at more than 350 outlets across France.
highlights: French fast food chain unveils Dark Vador meal .
id: e0eb5edfe61e7c375877db3a8c48b3c6030d4c2b
chatgpt: French fast food chain, Quick, has announced the launch of a new meal which has been named after one of the most notorious characters in Star Wars, Darth Vader. The meal, dubbed the "Dark Vador" meal, has been launched ahead of the release of the latest Star Wars film, Rogue One; A Star Wars Story. 
Quick, a subsidiary of the BURGER KING® Group, operates fast food restaurants in over 20 countries across Europe, Asia and Africa. The French chain has revealed that the new meal will consist of a black bun, a beef patty, melted cheddar cheese and fried onions, all of which will be served with a side of chips and a drink. Quick has been known to offer limited edition meals named after various fictional characters from TV shows, movies and comic books. In the past, the fast food chain has introduced meals named after Superman, Batman, and the Smurfs, which have all garnered a lot of attention from customers. The announcement of the "Dark Vador" meal has created a buzz among Star Wars fans who are excited to try the new product. A spokesperson for Quick said: "We are thrilled to introduce the "Dark Vador" meal to our customers. We are confident that this meal will be a hit among Star Wars fans and we can't wait for them to try it." The use of themed meals has become increasingly popular as fast food chains seek to keep their offerings fresh and exciting. McDonald's, for example, has partnered with several popular TV shows and movies in recent years, to introduce limited edition meals. The fast food chain's 2016 "Angry Birds" meal, which was named after the popular mobile game, was a huge success. The "Dark Vador" meal is expected to be available at Quick outlets in France, Belgium and Luxembourg until January 1st, 2017. Quick has not yet confirmed whether the meal will be introduced in other countries. The new Star Wars invasion has already begun across the globe as fans eagerly anticipate the arrival of the new film. This is not the first time that a Star Wars film has created a buzz in the fast food world. In 1977, Burger King introduced a range of Star Wars themed glasses that proved to be a huge success. Quick is hoping that the new meal will be as popular as its predecessors and the initial response suggests that it will be a massive hit among fans. It is expected that the "Dark Vador" meal will leave customers feeling satisfied with the delicious combination of flavors that it offers.