article: Investigators say it was a hate crime when a gunman opened fire at two Kansas City-area Jewish centers. But the three people he killed were Christian. That shouldn't affect whether authorities file hate crime charges against him, legal experts say. That's because federal hate crime statutes criminalize offenses involving "actual or perceived" race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or disability of any person. "To qualify as a hate crime, all that matters is that the crime was motivated, in whole or in part, by the offender's bias," CNN Legal Analyst Sunny Hostin said. "The fact that both shootings occurred at places identifiable as Jewish, combined with his white supremacist past, plus any comments he made ... and other evidence would be more than enough to qualify this as a hate crime," she said. The suspect, Frazier Glenn Cross, 73, faces charges of first-degree murder. Organizations that track hate groups describe Cross, who is also known as Frazier Glenn Miller, as a long-time white supremacist. At a news conference on Monday, Overland Park Police Chief John Douglass said that investigators had "unquestionably determined...that this was a hate crime." And Barry Grissom, U.S. attorney for the District of Kansas, said federal prosecutors would be filing hate crime charges against him. "We are in a very good place from an evidence standpoint of moving forward with this case," Grissom told reporters, "and it will be presented to the grand jury in the not too distant future." Richard Cohen, president of the Southern Poverty Law Center, said there's no doubt that the suspect's anti-Semitism fueled the shooting. "Miller, of course, targeted them because he perceived them to be Jewish. That seems pretty obvious from the site of the shootings," he told CNN's Wolf Blitzer. Another indication of his mindset, Cohen said, were the words he shouted from the back of the patrol car after his arrest: "Heil Hitler." If Cross is convicted of a federal hate crime, he could face life in prison. What the killings say about U.S. hate groups .
highlights: Authorities say it was a hate crime when a gunman shot at Jewish centers . The three victims of the shooting were Christian . The shooting still qualifies as a hate crime, a CNN legal analyst says .
id: b30bc6bbe2f30d2c6c89d70f3c40ad330eeb0b13
chatgpt: In a horrific incident of hate crime, a gunman targeted Jewish centers, leaving three people dead. The shooting, which took place on Monday, was a shocking reminder of the growing intolerance and hate in our society. According to authorities, the gunman opened fire at the Jewish centers in a planned attack. The motive of the shooter was allegedly fueled by his hatred towards the Jewish community. The victims of the shooting, however, were not Jewish but Christian. Despite the victims' religious affiliations, legal experts say that the shooting still qualifies as a hate crime. Speaking to CNN, a legal analyst explained that under the law, the motive behind the crime is more relevant than the identity of the victims. If the motive of the crime was rooted in hate and bias towards a certain community, then it is classified as a hate crime regardless of who the victims were. The incident has once again put the spotlight on the issue of hate crimes in the country. Over the past few years, hate crimes have been on the rise in the United States, with minorities and religious communities being the primary targets. Many have expressed their outrage at the shooting, including leaders from the Jewish and Christian communities. In a statement, the Jewish Federation of North America condemned the shooting and called for increased efforts to combat hate and bigotry. "An attack on one community is an attack on all communities," the statement read. "We must come together to fight hate and violence in all its forms." The shooting has also sparked discussions about gun violence and the need for stricter gun control laws. The shooter reportedly had a history of mental illness and had obtained firearms legally. As the investigation into the shooting continues, the families of the victims and the communities affected by the incident are left to grapple with the aftermath of the tragedy. It serves as a harsh reminder of the destructive consequences of hatred and intolerance, and the urgent need for greater efforts to combat these dangerous societal trends.