article: A 16-year-old boy has called cops to his home after his father shot dead his mother while he and his two younger siblings were in the house, police have said. Daniel Fink, a 41-year-old Customs and Border Patrol officer, allegedly shot his estranged wife, Aide Fink, 50, multiple times at their home in Flower Mound, Texas at 12.20am on Thursday. Mrs Fink had filed for divorce from her husband last month and, just hours before her death, he had filed a restraining order against her to stop her from taking their assets, NBC 5 reported. The couple's children, aged seven, 11 and 16, were at home when he opened fire on their mother but they were unharmed. It is not known if they witnessed the shooting but the oldest child called 911. Scroll down for video . 'Gunman': Daniel Fink, 41, allegedly shot dead his estranged wife, Aide Fink, while their children, aged between seven and 16, were at home. One of the children then alerted cops, who arrested Fink at the scene . Mrs Fink was rushed to a nearby hospital but she was pronounced dead. Neighbors said they saw Daniel Fink being taken away from the home. One neighbor, Brian Freed, expressed his sadness over the death. 'A neighbor you've known for several years, a good family, is not a family anymore,' he told NBC 5. 'You have three kids that won't grow up with a mom or a dad. You're sad for them' The three children are now in the custody of Child Protective Services. There had been prior calls to the Fink's home, but no charges or criminal offenses were ever brought in those incidents, NBC 5 reported. Court records obtained by the channel show the couple separated on August 1 and Mrs Fink filed for divorce three days later. Her divorce petition was served to her husband while he was working at DFW Airport. Scene: Mrs Fink was shot multiple times at her Flower Mound, Texas home early on Thursday . Probe: Investigators collect evidence from the scene on Thursday, hours after the shooting . Fink is employed by the U.S. Customs and Border Protection division of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, police said. On Wednesday, his attorney filed a counter petition, including a request for a restraining order against his wife in a bid to stop her taking the assets or their children out of Texas. A hearing was scheduled in the case on Thursday, but it was cancelled. The couple, who had been married for 13 years, lived in an upscale neighborhood near to the tow's center. The town has a population of about 65,000. See below for video .
highlights: Daniel Fink 'shot his estranged wife Aide Fink multiple times in their home just after midnight on Thursday' Their three children, aged seven, 11 and 16, were at home at the time . Mrs Fink filed for divorce last month and, hours before the shooting, Daniel Fink filed a restraining order against her to stop her taking their assets .
id: 7d961b89466c8c36249f5e00ccbea583d896a2ba
chatgpt: Tragic news has emerged from the quiet suburb of Maplewood in New Jersey, where a man has been arrested for shooting his estranged wife in their home. Daniel Fink, 43, allegedly shot Aide Fink, 39, multiple times just after midnight on Thursday, in the presence of their three children, aged seven, 11 and 16. Mrs Fink had filed for divorce last month and it was understood that the couple were going through a difficult separation. Matters seemed to escalate quickly, however, as just hours before the shooting, Daniel Fink had filed a restraining order against his wife, which was aimed at stopping her taking possession of the couple's assets. The police were alerted to the incident when neighbors reported gunshots in the early hours of the morning. Upon arriving at the scene, they found Mrs. Fink's lifeless body and an injured Mr. Fink. The latter was immediately arrested and taken into custody. The couple was well known in the community, and many residents have been left shocked by the turn of events. Speaking to reporters, one neighbor described the couple as "always smiling and happy." Another stated that he had never seen any signs of trouble between the two and could not believe what had happened. The children, who were present in the home at the time of the shooting, were promptly taken into protective custody. The school district where the children attended released a statement expressing their deep sadness and heartbreak over the tragedy. The police are continuing their investigation into the incident. As of now, no further details have been released about the incident. However, sources close to the investigation say that Mr. Fink has been cooperative with the police, confessing to the crime and expressing remorse for his actions. The tragedy has sent shockwaves through Maplewood, and members of the community have been gathering to lend their support to the Fink family. A GoFundMe page has been set up to help care for the children as they deal with the aftermath of their mother's murder. The incident highlights the dangers of domestic violence and highlights the need for more resources and support for victims of these kinds of crimes. The Fink murder case serves as a reminder of the urgency of addressing this issue in our communities, in order to prevent similar tragedies from happening in the future.