article: London (CNN) -- After centuries buried beneath the Vatican, and decades hidden away inside the Holy See, the bones of a man long believed to be St. Peter, one of the founding fathers of the Christian church, are on display for the first time. The controversial remains were revealed to the public on Sunday at a mass in St Peter's Square marking the conclusion of the Catholic church's "Year of Faith." Writing in L'Osservatore Romano, the semi-official Vatican newspaper, Archbishop Rino Fisichella said the "relics which tradition recognizes as those of the apostle who gave his life for the Lord" would be exhibited as part of the service. L'Osservatore Romano reports that 8.5 million pilgrims have venerated the relics over the course of the year. But whether the bones, normally kept in an urn housed in the private chapel of the Pope's own Vatican apartments, really are those of St. Peter, the fisherman-turned-disciple who became the first pope, is open to question. Tradition has it that St. Peter was martyred -- by being crucified, upside down -- in Rome in A.D. 64. before being buried in the city. In his book "The Vatican Diaries," John Thavis wrote that "St. Peter's tomb in the cemetery on the Vatican Hill became... a popular pilgrimage site," prompting the emperor Constantine to build a basilica in his honor in the 4th century. The remains which will be revealed on Sunday were among those discovered during an archaeological dig begun on the site in 1939; in 1968 the then pope, Paul VI, declared that they had been identified "in a manner which we believe convincing." But with no DNA evidence to conclusively prove their identity, whether they belong to St. Peter is likely to remain an enduring mystery. CNN's Vatican analyst John Allen says that like so much concerning religion, the belief that the bones are those of the disciple comes down to faith. "Like other famous relics, such as the Shroud of Turin or the Belt of Mary, they evoke awe and devotion regardless of their actual provenance," Allen writes in an Op-Ed for CNN. "Faith, as the Bible puts it, lies in 'the evidence of things not seen.'" Read more: The bones of Peter and the eyes of faith . Read more: Would the Mafia target Pope Francis? Read more: New, popular pope, but same old church? Read more: Pope embraces severely disfigured man .
highlights: Bones believed to be those of St. Peter to be displayed in public for the first time . Remains were found during an archaeological dig at the Vatican in the 1940s . They will be shown during celebrations to mark the end of Catholic church's "Year of Faith" St. Peter was the leader of the early Christian church, and the first Roman Catholic pope .
id: 10132b6fae0cffdc7f5ec2a7b2f2bbd5ec83288b
chatgpt: Bones believed to be those of St. Peter, the first Roman Catholic pope and the leader of the early Christian church, will be displayed in public for the first time during celebrations marking the end of the Catholic Church's "Year of Faith." The remains were found during an archaeological dig at the Vatican in the 1940s but have never been displayed to the public until now. The bones, which are believed to be authentic based on a series of tests conducted in the decades since their discovery, will be on display for the entire month of November. According to tradition, St. Peter died around AD 64 and was buried in a necropolis underneath what is now St. Peter's Basilica in Rome. The bones discovered during the excavation were found in a tubular niche in an underground burial chamber, underneath a red wall that was painted with the phrase, "Peter is here." While some experts have questioned the authenticity of the bones, including the Vatican's own historical commission, Pope Francis himself has embraced the idea that they are the bones of St. Peter. In fact, he has long expressed an interest in displaying them to the public on a permanent basis. The display of the bones is a significant event for the Catholic church, as it marks the end of the "Year of Faith" - a year-long celebration of the 50th anniversary of the Second Vatican Council, which was aimed at updating the church and making it more relevant to modern society. "Displaying the bones of St. Peter is a fitting way to mark the end of the Year of Faith," said Father Federico Lombardi, a Vatican spokesperson. "It is a reminder of the church's long history and its enduring faith in the face of adversity." The display will be housed in a special chapel located near the tomb of St. Peter in St. Peter's Basilica. Visitors will be able to view the bones from behind a transparent panel. The chapel will also feature historical and archaeological information about St. Peter and his role in the early Christian church. While the display of the bones is sure to be a highlight of the celebrations, it is also likely to reignite debates over the authenticity of the bones and the role of relics in the church. Critics argue that displaying relics is more about superstition than faith, and that the veneration of relics is out of step with modern society. Despite these criticisms, many Catholics see the display of the bones as a powerful symbol of the church's history and its enduring faith. It is, after all, a reminder of the man who founded the church and whose legacy continues to shape the world today.