article: WASHINGTON (CNN)  -- The man charged with murder in the shooting death of a guard at the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum was denied bail Wednesday and will undergo psychiatric testing against his will. "Your Constitution guarantees me a speedy and fair trial," James von Brunn said from his wheelchair. James von Brunn ignored the advice of the judge and his defense attorney and addressed the court during a hearing to fight any delays as prosecutors press their case. "Your Constitution guarantees me a speedy and fair trial," he said from his wheelchair during the hearing before U.S. District Judge Reginald Walton. But Walton granted the defense request for a mental evaluation, which will take place within the next 30 days at a facility in Butner, North Carolina. Von Brunn, a self-avowed white supremacist, will remain in custody after the judge said there were no conditions for release that would protect the public. Federal prosecutor Nicole Waid said von Brunn is "dangerous because this defendant has nothing to lose," and that he wants to be "a martyr for his cause." Von Brunn's attorney, public defender A.J. Kramer, did not challenge the government's request to deny bail, saying "we don't have any evidence to offer at this time." Kramer also convinced the judge to order a competency exam, which will include observations as to whether von Brunn understands the charges and can assist in his own defense. Prosecutors said four of the charges in the indictment are capital offenses and could mean the death penalty if he is convicted. Waid told the judge the government's evidence is "overwhelming" and includes security camera video from the June 10 attack, in which von Brunn is seen raising a gun and shooting guard Stephen Tyrone Johns, who had opened the door for him. As Johns stumbled back mortally wounded, Waid said, "you can see the defendant fire two more times," before he is shot and wounded by other guards. Also seen on the tape is the weapon being taken from von Brunn's hands, the prosecutor said. During the discussions about psychiatric testing, von Brunn looked at spectators in the courtroom and shook his head as if to say "no," when it became clear he would not be arraigned on the charges unless he is deemed competent. "Mr. von Brunn, I advise that you not speak," the judge said, explaining that his attorney can best represent him. But von Brunn ignored his advice. "I'm a United States citizen, and as a U.S. Naval officer, I swore to protect my country," he said. "I take my vows very seriously." The 89-year-old World War II veteran did not explain his remarks.
highlights: NEW: Bail denied for accused Holocaust Memorial Museum shooter . During hearing, James von Brunn says he doesn't want a psychiatric evaluation . U.S. District Court judge orders an evaluation anyway, within 30 days . Von Brunn is charged in the death of Holocaust museum guard Stephen Johns .
id: 720bf04049dbbac2d6a61f84c2cda1953958c320
chatgpt: Washington D.C. - Yesterday, James von Brunn, aged 89, was denied bail during a hearing in the U.S. District Court. Von Brunn, who is accused of the murder of Stephen Johns, a security guard at the Holocaust Memorial Museum, appeared in court yesterday to request a psychiatric evaluation. However, despite the request being denied, the judge ordered an evaluation to take place, to which von Brunn must comply within the next 30 days. Von Brunn has been charged with first-degree murder in the shooting of Johns, who was killed while on duty at the Holocaust Memorial Museum in June 2009. The shooting took place during a time when the museum was hosting an exhibition on the Holocaust, which von Brunn is known to have denied ever occurred. Yesterday's hearing was attended by von Brunn, who appeared in a wheelchair in front of U.S. District Court judge, Reggie B. Walton. Von Brunn stated that he was not interested in a psychiatric evaluation, as he felt that his mental state was not relevant to the charges against him. However, despite this plea, Judge Walton ruled that the evaluation was necessary, as the prosecution had raised concerns about von Brunn's mental state during his arrest. The prosecution argued that a psychiatric evaluation was needed to determine whether von Brunn was capable of standing trial, and whether he was responsible for his actions. The defense argued that the evaluation was unnecessary and would be a waste of time and resources, as von Brunn's guilt or innocence was not in question. Despite the defense's arguments, Judge Walton ordered that von Brunn must comply with the evaluation within the next 30 days. The judge also denied bail for von Brunn, stating that he posed a danger to the community and was likely to flee if released. Von Brunn's next court appearance is scheduled for next month. The shooting at the Holocaust Memorial Museum shocked the nation and sparked a conversation about hate crimes and extremism in the United States. Johns, the security guard who was killed, was hailed as a hero for his bravery during the attack. The museum, which is dedicated to educating the public about the Holocaust and other genocides, has reopened after the shooting and remains a symbol of resilience and hope. The case against von Brunn continues, and the evaluation ordered by the judge will be a crucial part of the proceedings. It remains to be seen how von Brunn's mental state will impact the case and whether he will be found guilty of the murder of Stephen Johns.