article: London (CNN) -- Five million doses of measles and rubella vaccine will be delivered to the Philippines, following a donation organized by Britain's Prince Charles. The virus has ravaged the country since Typhoon Haiyan -- known as Yolanda in the Philippines -- hit on November 8 last year, leaving more than 6,000 dead and nearly 1,800 unaccounted for. According to the Filipino Department of Health, 15,600 cases of measles were reported during the first 10 weeks of 2014, compared to just 5,863 cases during the whole of 2013. The spread of the virus has been exacerbated by mass migration, with nearly four million people displaced by the devastating typhoon, according to the country's National Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Council. The immunization program will be mainly targeted at children aged from nine months to five year olds who are at most risk from the epidemic: the hope is that the plan will potentially save 5,000 lives. 5 things to know about measles . Prince Charles was in India at the time when Haiyan hit the Philippines. He visited the Serum Institute in Pune, the world's largest manufacturer of measles vaccines, two days after the typhoon made landfall. It agreed to donate five million doses to the Philippines, to be delivered via International Health Partners (IHP), one of the Prince's charities. A Clarence House spokesperson said: "The Prince of Wales was very moved when he heard about the devastation caused by Typhoon Yolanda in the Philippines, which developed during his visit to India in November 2013. "After being informed of the offer of a donation by the Serum Institute of India to a cause of his choosing, The Prince was pleased to charge his charities, International Health Partners and the British Asian Trust, to ensure the donation would be part of the ongoing international response to Typhoon Yolanda. "The Prince was delighted that the Serum Institute was able to make such a generous donation to this important and urgent cause, and he was very pleased that the institute and the two charities have been able to work so effectively with the Philippines Department of Health, the World Health Organization and UNICEF to bring about this agreement." Anthony Dunnett, president of IHP said: "The pressing need to deliver a measles vaccination program in the Philippines demonstrates the ongoing impact of Typhoon Yolanda... We are extremely grateful to our patron, His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, for enabling this important donation." On Wednesday, IHP signed an agreement with the Philippine government to deliver the vaccines as part of a wider immunization program in September of this year.
highlights: Measles hit the Philippines in the wake of Typhoon Haiyan . Prince Charles arranges for delivery of five million doses of measles, rubella vaccines . The hope is that the vaccines will potentially save 5,000 lives .
id: 64681703f105a00b612edeca24346d7d6351ba9f
chatgpt: In the aftermath of Typhoon Haiyan, the Philippines have been struggling to contain a new outbreak of measles. The combination of poor sanitation and overcrowded conditions in temporary shelters has created the ideal conditions for the virus to spread easily. However, the country has received a glimmer of hope from an unexpected source. Prince Charles of Great Britain has arranged for the delivery of five million doses of measles and rubella vaccines to the affected areas. This donation comes at a crucial time, as the Philippines Department of Health reports that more than 4,300 cases of measles have been reported so far this year – an increase of over 400% from the same period last year. With outbreaks of the disease being reported in over 10 regions of the country, the situation is becoming more and more dire by the day. Experts warn that measles is a highly contagious and potentially deadly disease, particularly for young children who are the most vulnerable. Without immediate intervention, the current outbreak could potentially claim the lives of 5,000 children. Fortunately, the arrival of the vaccines is already having a positive impact. Thousands of families across the affected regions are reporting that they feel much safer and more protected now that they have access to the preventative medication. The donation is part of Prince Charles’ ongoing efforts to raise awareness of the importance of vaccinations and address the global health crisis caused by preventable diseases such as measles. The Prince has been a long-time advocate for the use of vaccines, particularly in developing countries where immunization rates are low. In a statement, Prince Charles expressed his deep sadness at the outbreak of measles in the Philippines and pledged to continue supporting efforts to eradicate diseases that could be easily prevented through simple measures such as vaccinations. He also thanked the British public for their support in raising funds for the vaccine donation. The Philippine government has welcomed the donation and expressed their gratitude to Prince Charles for his generosity. Health Secretary Francisco Duque III has urged all parents to take advantage of the opportunity to have their children vaccinated and protect them from the disease. The arrival of the vaccines is a much-needed boost for the Philippines and is likely to save thousands of lives. With the support of donors like Prince Charles, the country can begin to rebuild and recover from the devastation of Typhoon Haiyan and continue on the path towards a healthier and more prosperous future.