article: Leigh Halfpenny has stressed the need for relentless self-belief when Wales target a rare victory over world champions New Zealand on Saturday. Wales last toppled the All Blacks 61 years ago, since when they have suffered 25 successive defeats against them and conceded more than 800 points in the process. New Zealand end their European tour at the Millennium Stadium this weekend, in what will be a final appearance on British and Irish shores until next year's World Cup. Wales full-back Leigh Halfpenny knows his team will have to be at their best to defeat New Zealand . They are firm favourites to beat Wales once again, but a home team that contains 10 British and Irish Lions Test players - including full-back Halfpenny - should not be dismissed lightly. 'It's a huge challenge, but one that we are very excited about,' Halfpenny said. 'We will have to be at the top of our game to be in with a shout of winning. 'We need to play for the 80 minutes and cannot afford to have a lapse of concentration against a side as good as the All Blacks. Halfpenny offloads the ball in training as Wales prepare for Saturday's showdown in Cardiff . 'We have to believe that we can win, right from the first minute. There is respect for them, but we have to treat them exactly the same as other opponents. 'There is a buzz and excitement and the fact that we haven't beaten the All Blacks for so long means there is an opportunity for us. 'There have been some great victories during my career in a Welsh shirt, but to beat the All Blacks would be at the top of them.' Shaun Edwards, meanwhile, has hailed Wales' back-row of 'model professionals' as they prepare to make Welsh rugby history. The breakaway trio of Dan Lydiate, Sam Warburton and Taulupe Faletau will start their 19th Test match together in Saturday's All Blacks Test. And that means they remove a revered back-row that played during Wales' so-called 1970s golden era - Dai Morris, John Taylor and Mervyn Davies - from the record books. Wales defence coach Shaun Edwards has hailed the back row as 'model professionals' Wales captain Warburton and Lydiate both made their international debuts in 2009, while number eight Faletau followed two years later. But they have already collected more than 120 caps between them, and all three are Lions Test players. 'They all came through together, basically,' Wales defence coach Edwards said. 'They have been very, very good and proficient for us over the years, and hopefully a lot more years to come. 'They are all model professionals, they work hard at their game and their lifestyles are excellent. We are lucky to have them.'
highlights: Wales full-back Halfpenny calls All Blacks contest 'a huge challenge' They have not beaten New Zealand in 61 years - that's 25 straight losses . Halfpenny says beating them would be finest achievement for Wales .
id: e574457aa0e8d8126da46aba5c4f1bb25c76813a
chatgpt: Wales full-back Leigh Halfpenny has called the upcoming match against New Zealand "a huge challenge." Wales will face the All Blacks at the Principality Stadium in Cardiff on November 7th. This will be the first time the two teams have faced each other since the Rugby World Cup in 2019. Wales has not beaten New Zealand in 61 years, with 25 consecutive losses to the All Blacks. This is the ultimate test for Wales, and their full-back Halfpenny believes that beating the All Blacks would be the finest achievement for Wales. Halfpenny is a veteran of international rugby, having played over 90 times for his country. He is one of the most experienced members of the Wales squad and has faced the All Blacks on several occasions. He understands the enormity of the challenge that they face. "New Zealand is the ultimate challenge in rugby," Halfpenny said. "They are the best team in the world, and we know we will have to be at our very best to beat them. It's something we talk about as players, beating the All Blacks would be the finest achievement for Wales." Wales has a proud rugby history and has enjoyed success against other top-tier nations. They have won the Six Nations Championship four times since 2005 and reached the semi-finals of the Rugby World Cup in 2019. However, the All Blacks have always proved to be a step too far for Wales. "We understand the history and the challenge that we face," Halfpenny said. "But we also believe that we have the talent and the ability to beat them. It will take a huge effort from everyone in the squad, but it's a challenge that we relish." Wales will go into the match as underdogs, but they will have the support of a passionate home crowd. The atmosphere in the Principality Stadium is renowned for being electric, and Wales will hope that this can inspire them to a historic victory. "We know that the crowd will be behind us," Halfpenny said. "The support we get from our fans is incredible, and it can make a real difference. We will need every bit of that support to help us overcome the All Blacks." The match between Wales and New Zealand promises to be a thrilling encounter. Wales will need to be at their very best, but if they can pull off a victory, it will be a landmark moment in Welsh rugby history. "This is what we play for, these big games against the best teams in the world," Halfpenny said. "We know that the challenge is huge, but we're ready to give it everything we've got."