article: More than 25,000 British military personnel have been found to be obese since 2010, shocking new figures have revealed. Despite the Ministry of Defence insisting its employees 'must be healthy', more than 16,400 soldiers' body mass index was considered them obese between January 2010 and September 2014. Some 5,000 members of the RAF fell into the obese category while 3,000 sailors were also considered drastically overweight. More than 25,000 military personnel have been found to be obese according to Government figures . The figures, revealed by the Sunday Times via a Freedom of Information request, seek to undermine the widespread view that all military personnel must be fit and healthy. 'I just find it staggering that the army or any public service should allow its service to become what I regard as less able to respond in an emergency,' Tam Fry, of the National Obesity Forum told the newspaper. 'These people have got plenty of time to keep in shape and I think it is a responsibility to feed them properly and give them any amount of time to do exercises and keep themselves in shape.' A spokesman for the Armed Forces however said it was 'misleading' to consider BMI a marker for obesity, as the weight-to-height ratio does not differentiate between muscle mass and body fat on the scales. A spokesman for the Ministry of Defence said it was a condition of service that all personnel must be healthy (file image) 'We work hard to ensure our Armed Forces personnel are healthy and fit. 'It is a condition of service that all personnel must be healthy and undergo regular fitness tests,' they added. Earlier figures revealed 50 people had been discharged from the Armed Forces because they were considered too fat to serve. In 2011 alone, 13 soldiers were asked to leave over obesity.
highlights: Some 16,000 soldiers had a body mass index which labels them obese . More than 5,000 RAF members and 3,000 sailors 'severely overweight' MoD slammed 'misleading' BMI which does not separate muscle and fat . Fifty  discharged from Armed Forces between 2010-2014 over weight .
id: 0eee152e941acdfd0c63b0eb58d730ac566683a3
chatgpt: A new report has revealed that thousands of soldiers in the British Army are considered obese. According to the report, some 16,000 soldiers have a body mass index (BMI) which categorizes them as obese. This includes over 5,000 Royal Air Force (RAF) members and 3,000 sailors who are labelled as "severely overweight." Despite this, the Ministry of Defence (MoD) has criticised the use of the BMI system, claiming that it does not take into account the difference between fat and muscle weight. The MoD believes that the BMI system is misleading and should not be used to determine the fitness of soldiers. Over the last five years, 50 individuals have been discharged from the Armed Forces due to being overweight. This indicates that the issue of obesity in the Armed Forces remains a serious concern. The report has sparked a debate about how the Armed Forces should approach the issue of obesity. Some are calling for stricter fitness requirements, arguing that obesity could have a negative impact on soldiers' ability to perform their duties. Others argue that the focus should be on promoting a healthy lifestyle, rather than just punishing those who are overweight. The issue of obesity is not unique to the Armed Forces. In the UK as a whole, obesity rates have been steadily rising over the last few decades. Many experts believe that this is due to a combination of factors, including a lack of physical activity and the easy availability of unhealthy food options. The report on obesity in the Armed Forces is a wake-up call, reminding us that even those who are physically active and have demanding jobs can struggle with weight issues. It highlights the need for a broader discussion about how we can address the issue of obesity in our society as a whole.