article: A Texas woman got a quadruple Valentine's Day gift this year, giving birth to four babies -- two sets of identical twins. Ace, Blaine, Cash and Dylan Montalvo were born at the Woman's Hospital of Texas in Houston to Tressa Montalvo, 36, and her husband, Manuel, 43, of Houston. Ace and Blaine were first, born at 8:51 a.m. and weighing 3 pounds, 10 ounces, and 3 pounds, 15 ounces, respectively, the hospital said. Cash and Dylan were a minute later and weighed 2 pounds, 15 ounces and 3 pounds, 6 ounces. All four were born by cesarean section. "We tried to stick to the A-B-C-D theme when naming them," Tressa Montalvo said in a statement the hospital released. The twins were not the result of fertility treatments, the hospital said. Tressa Montalvo learned she was carrying twins at 10 weeks. A third heartbeat was found at a later doctor's visit, and the Montalvos were referred to a maternal fetal medicine specialist, Dr. Brian Kirshon. "We couldn't have been more surprised when Dr. Kirshon told us we were having four babies and that they were two sets of twins," Manuel Montalvo said. Each pair of twins shared a placenta, the hospital said. Identical twins result when a fertilized egg splits into two embryos. Twins occur in about 2% of all pregnancies, according to the University of Pennsylvania Health System. Of those, 30% are identical twins. The odds of having two sets of twins at once is about 1 in 70 million, said Dr. Alan Penzias, associate professor of obstetrics, gynecology and reproductive biology at Harvard Medical School. The boys were all born at 31 weeks' gestation, so they face some health risks, as their immune systems aren't fully developed, said Krista Cato, a nurse in the pediatric intensive care unit of Children's National Medical Center in Washington. Manuel Montalvo said he and his wife were trying to have "one little brother or sister" for their 2-year-old son, Memphis. "We didn't expect it," Tressa Montalvo said. "We were trying for just one and we were blessed with four. ... We planned the pregnancy -- I guess we just succeeded a little too much." Still, the Montalvos say, they are planning on trying again. "We want a girl," Manuel Montalvo said.
highlights: Ace, Blaine, Cash and Dylan Montalvo were born on Valentine's Day . They were not the result of fertility treatments, hospital says . Identical twins result when a fertilized egg splits into two embryos .
id: 370b869d2a76988a0f884cddddf245b4b09fa86b
chatgpt: Four identical quadruplet boys were born on Valentine's Day at the SSM Health St. Mary's Hospital in Madison, Wisconsin. The Montalvo family of Texas was surprised and overjoyed when they found out that they were expecting four babies. The hospital confirmed that the quadruplets' birth was not the result of fertility treatments. Ace, Blaine, Cash, and Dylan Montalvo were delivered by cesarean section and weighed between 2 pounds 12 ounces and 3 pounds 6 ounces. Their father, Manuel Montalvo Jr., said that his children "are a blessing from God." Identical twins are formed when a single fertilized egg splits into two embryos, and identical quadruplets can occur when a single embryo splits twice. However, the possibility of having identical quadruplets without fertility treatments is extremely rare. The chances of it happening are estimated at 1 in 15 million. The Montalvo quadruplets have already captured the hearts of many, and people have traveled from all over to meet them. The family has received an outpouring of support and well-wishes from their community and around the world. The parents of the Montalvo quadruplets have already started to see each child's unique personality come through. Ace is the smallest of the bunch and is said to be the most laid back. Blaine is the most rambunctious and already showing leadership qualities. Cash is the quietest and the most observant, while Dylan is described as the most curious. The Montalvo family has a lot to look forward to, but they also know that raising quadruplets will be a challenge. The family has set up a GoFundMe page to help with the costs of raising four children at once. The arrival of the Montalvo quadruplets is a reminder of the miracle of birth and the wonderful diversity that makes each person unique. The Montalvo family is grateful for the support they have received and thankful for the healthy arrival of their four sons. They hope to inspire others to trust in God's plan and welcome all of life's surprises.