article: Almost 60 Australians are fighting for the Islamic radicals in Iraq and Syria, according to the Federal Government. Attorney-General George Brandis has warned radical Australians fighting abroad is the greatest domestic security problem in many years. 'This is the government's number-one national security priority,' he told Sky News on Tuesday night. Scroll down for video . Senator George Brandis says there are 58 Australians fighting for Islamic radicals in Iraq and Syria . Senator Brandis said the latest intelligence reports indicate about 58 Australians were fighting in Syria and Iraq. But he said about 150 Australians were being monitored for supporting terrorist organisations, recruiting fighters or preparing to travel overseas to fight. Senator Brandis will meet with six imams on Wednesday morning to discuss cooperation on curbing the radicalisation of young men. His comments come just days after Sydney teenager Abdullah Elmir disappeared, believed to be on his way to Iraq. About 150 Australians were also being monitored for supporting terrorist organisations, recruiting fighters or preparing to travel overseas to fight . It is thought he had been brainwashed into making the trip after watching Jihadist recruitment videos posted online. One such video was released almost two weeks ago by the extreme terrorist group, Insurgent group Islamic State in Iraq and Levant (ISIL) - also known as ISIS. Sydney's Abdullah Elmir is the third Australian teenager believed to have taken off to Iraq this month . It featured Australians calling on their fellow countrymen to join them in their fight in Syria and Iraq. About two weeks ago, Abdullah told his parents he was going fishing, but never returned. The 17-year-old is the third Australian teenager to walk out on his family this month bound for Iraq. So far, 10 Australians have died in Syria and Iraq. The latest being a 22-year-old Sydney man, Zakaria Raad, who appeared in a recruitment video for terrorist group The Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (ISIS) shortly before being ambushed in Syria. Australians involved in extremist activity have been warned by Prime Minister Tony Abbott that the Government would crackdown on home-grown terrorists. 'The Government that stopped the boats will stop the jihadists,' he said. Mr Abbott said while there would be no new invasion of Iraq to quell the violence in the country's north, Australia would re-double its efforts to protect its national security.
highlights: Attorney General George Brandis says there are 58 Australians fighting . But 150 were being monitored for supporting terrorist organisations . His comments come after a Sydney teenager went missing . Abdullah Elmir is believed to be on the way to Iraq after watching Jihadist videos . He is the third teenager to walk out on his family this month to go to Iraq .
id: 9b6eb2556dbef235f5060e3fb71aad58c2f54d3d
chatgpt: Australia's Attorney General, George Brandis, has issued a warning that there are currently 58 Australians fighting in Iraq and Syria. However, he also confirmed that the Australian security service, ASIO, is currently monitoring 150 individuals believed to be supporting terrorist organizations. Brandis' statement comes in the wake of the recent disappearance of Sydney teenager, Abdullah Elmir. Elmir is believed to have fled the country to fight with jihadist forces in Iraq, after reportedly watching extremist propaganda videos. This latest incident marks the third occasion this month that a teenager has left their family and gone to join the conflict in Iraq. The frequency of these occurrences has raised alarm bells throughout Australia and prompted a national debate on the issue. Australia's Prime Minister, Tony Abbott, has described the problem as a "growing trend," but also sought to reassure citizens that the country's security forces are working hard to keep them safe. "Let me be very clear, we are doing everything we can to keep Australians safe from the threats of terrorism," Abbott said in a recent press conference. The government has recently committed an additional $630 million to counter-terrorism measures, including boosting ASIO and the Australian Federal Police. Brandis also revealed that tougher laws relating to citizenship and passport control were on the horizon, with legislation expected to be passed before the end of the year. "We will not hesitate to pass legislation in order to protect Australians from the threat of terrorism," Brandis said. However, the government's attempts to tackle the issue have not been without controversy. Some civil liberties groups have criticized the proposed laws, claiming that they give the government too much power, and could be used against innocent individuals. Despite these arguments, however, the government maintains that their primary concern is the safety of the Australian people, and that they will do whatever it takes to protect them from the dangers of terrorism. As the number of Australians fighting in Iraq and Syria continues to rise, the debate surrounding how best to tackle the problem is likely to intensify. While the government has taken steps to improve security, it remains to be seen whether or not these measures will be effective in stemming the tide of radicalization.