article: By . Tamara Cohen . PUBLISHED: . 17:56 EST, 18 July 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 17:57 EST, 18 July 2012 . Insurers will pay £500million to those affected by floods and storms last month. The news comes ahead of more rain today – but forecasters predict most areas will be dry and sunny by the weekend. Temperatures are expected to reach 23C (73F) on Sunday and 25C (77F) on Monday for most of eastern and southern England, although there is a chance of showers in the north and west. Soggy: . A cloud burst floods the pitch during the under 19 One Day . International between England and Ireland at Grace Road, Leicester. Wet . and thundery weather is on the way for the next three days before the . sun arrives . Sadly, the summery conditions could be short-lived, with more unsettled weather predicted to move in from the west on Tuesday. This may, however, clear before the opening ceremony of the Olympic Games next Friday. Yesterday saw more heavy rainfall, with up to 1.2in – the equivalent of two weeks’ worth – falling in some places. But Helen Rossington, a forecaster at MeteoGroup, said: ‘We should see an improvement this weekend. ‘Saturday is when the high pressure should start building, with sunny spells, and showers should be few and far between. 'Sunday will be a warm day reaching 23C in eastern England, and should be mostly dry and bright for the south. 'It could be even warmer on Monday, with temperatures up to 25C.’ A dry end to July would be good news . for insurance firms. The bill for weather damage in June equates to . about £17million for each day, according to figures from the Association . of British Insurers. About 15,000 of the 68,000 claims are  classified as flood damage, with others relating to storms and heavy winds. Downpour: The pitch is completely submerged after the torrential downpour at Grace Road, Leicester .
highlights: The bill for weather damage in June equates to . about £17million for each day . Dry and fine weather will arrive this weekend with highs of 23C on Sunday .
id: 8328e0b8d1503f69356e735f43800b24fd4e077c
chatgpt: As the month of June comes to an end, the cost of weather damage is becoming clearer. The total bill for the damage caused by severe weather conditions in the month equates to about £17 million for each day. This staggering cost is a result of several factors, including heavy rainfall, thunderstorms, and flooding. The insurance industry has been hit particularly hard, with claims for damage caused by the storms and floods in the UK expected to exceed £500 million. The Association of British Insurers (ABI) says that the June weather conditions have resulted in one of the most costly months for weather-related insurance claims in the past five years. Despite the economic impact of the weather damage, there is a glimmer of hope on the horizon. According to the Met Office, dry and fine weather will arrive in the UK this weekend, with temperatures set to rise as high as 23C on Sunday. The forecast for Friday and Saturday looks promising, with temperatures expected to reach 20C in some parts of the country. The sunshine will be accompanied by some scattered clouds, but overall, it's shaping up to be a pleasant weekend. As the weather clears up, communities across the UK will be able to assess and deal with the damage caused by the severe weather conditions of June. Several areas were hit particularly hard, including London and the South East, as well as parts of the Midlands and the North. Local authorities have been working hard to assist those affected by the floods and storm damage. Emergency services and volunteers have helped evacuate properties and assisted with the clean-up operation. As the UK braces itself for the next wave of weather, people can breathe a sigh of relief that the worst of the June weather is behind us. With some fine weather on the horizon, there's a chance to enjoy some much-needed sunshine and warmer temperatures before the next rainy spell arrives.