article: By . A. Greg . CNN is reportedly being sued following a biting incident involving one of its Emmy award-winning reporters at the U.S. Embassy in Iraq last month. Arwa Damon, 36, a Beirut-based correspondent, is accustomed to sinking her teeth into juicy stories - but this time, she allegedly became 'seriously intoxicated' at the embassy in Baghdad in July and bit two EMTs. TMZ reports that Tracy Lamar and Charles Simons, EMTs working for a private contractor in Iraq, say Damon chomped into each of their left arms as they tried to help her. More than she could chew: Arwa Davis, a respected journalist who covers the Middle East for CNN, allegedly bit two EMTs in a drunken rage . Top reporter: Arwa Damon speaks four languages and was recently awarded the Courage in Journalism Award by the International Women's Media Foundation . According to the lawsuit obtained by TMZ, Lamar and Simons say they were trying to help the drunken journalist when she became belligerent. The medics were called to calm the correspondent after she became 'totally out of control,' reports the New York Daily News. She allegedly tried to deter them by attempting a 'don't you know who I am?' tactic, telling them she was a 'major reporter for CNN,' but when this failed she became physically violent. 'She was biting them both pretty furiously. She has good teeth. Eventually they subdued her,' David Jaroslawicz, an attorney for Simons and Lamar, told the Daily News. The suit claims she bit both Lamar and Simons on their left arms. Simons says his knees and elbows were also injured, and Lamar says she sustained bruising in the attack. The suit claims that CNN was aware Damon had a history of drunken aggression, and was even known to be violent when sober, reports TMZ. Write caption here . Lamar and Simons are suing CNN for $1 million each. Damon's biography on CNN states that she's an award-winning journalist whose recent focus has been on the situation in Syria. She won an Emmy for Outstanding Live Coverage of a Current News Story for her reporting on the Arab Spring, as well as a Peabody Award. Recently, she was given the Courage in Journalism Award by the International Women's Media Foundation. She is from Boston but spent much of her childhood in Morocco and Turkey. CNN has responded to requests for comment with a statement: 'We are not aware of the alleged lawsuit and therefore have no comment.'
highlights: Arwa Damon, a CNN foreign correspondent, allegedly drunkenly bit two EMT workers in Baghdad . She was at the U.S. Embassy in the city when the incident occurred . The workers, Tracy Lamar and Charles Simon, who work for a private contractor in the city, are suing CNN . A CNN spokesperson has denied knowledge of the lawsuit . Lamar and Simon are seeking $1 million each .
id: e12f4ecc4178033e45e7d1593365577354704006
chatgpt: CNN foreign correspondent, Arwa Damon, is facing serious accusations in Iraq. She allegedly bit two EMT workers, Tracy Lamar and Charles Simon, while under the influence of alcohol. The incident took place at the U.S. Embassy in Baghdad, where Damon was stationed. The workers have now filed a lawsuit against CNN, seeking $1 million each for the alleged assault. According to reports, the altercation occurred last summer, when Damon was reportedly intoxicated and had to be taken to a nearby medical facility. The workers who were tasked with transporting her claimed that Damon became violent during the ambulance ride and bit them both. The injuries that the EMT workers incurred were so severe that they needed treatment at the embassy's medical facility. The lawsuit against CNN was filed in a New York court earlier this month. The claimants are accusing the media company of negligence and failing to supervise Damon properly while she was on duty. They also assert that CNN had knowledge of Damon’s alcoholism and that it was a contributing factor in the incident. CNN has denied any knowledge of the lawsuit and has not yet commented on the matter. However, this is not the first time that Damon has been in the news for an alcohol-related incident. In 2014, she was arrested and charged with DUI in New York. Despite the charges, Damon continued to report for CNN and even won an award for her coverage of the Syrian refugee crisis. The incident has brought attention to the dangers of consuming alcohol while on assignment abroad. Damon’s case is proof that being in a foreign country can make it harder to control one's behavior, and journalists need to know their limits. It is also important for media companies to ensure that their staff are well-informed of safety protocols and to take swift action when inappropriate behavior occurs. The outcome of the lawsuit remains to be seen, and it is yet to be determined whether Damon will face any consequences for her actions. For now, the incident has brought negative attention to CNN and raised questions about the company’s responsibility in ensuring the safety of its employees while they are reporting from foreign countries.