article: Kevin Pietersen just won’t be put down. Having been out of the headlines for several days, he gave a toe-curling interview in which he said: ‘I know the current captain would love to have me in the England team.’ To which Eoin Morgan, the one-day skipper, swiftly responded: ‘I’m very happy with the squad of players I have.’ An ordinary man might have been crushed, but KP seemed to take it as a challenge. So he promptly did something far more disturbing. He engaged the services of one Mick Squires, who is apparently ‘well regarded in the tattoo community’ and was once dubbed ‘The Wizard of Oz’ by Tattoo Master magazine. Kevin Pietersen smashed 67 not out from just 42 balls during Melbourne Stars' victory over Sydney Thunder . Pietersen looks up to the sky after hitting a shot towards the boundary during Stars' crushing win . The ex-England batsman (right) puts his arm around fellow Stars batsman Peter Handscomb after the game . And Mick, operating at a private clinic in Melbourne, drew a map of the world which started on KP’s chest and stretched around his ribs to his back. Picked out in stars, like angry red weals, were the places in which he scored his hundreds for England. The effect was grotesque. Now you may have your own views on tattooing. Personally, I’ve never understood the practice of allowing a chap who can’t draw to scrawl across your body in ink which can never be erased; but each to his own. Pietersen walked along Bondi beach on Saturday morning before the game and gave the finger (left) The ex-England batsman showed off his tattoo which displays where he scored all of his international centuries . Pietersen points to the sky (left) and walks along Bondi Beach with his sunglasses and cap on . Yet Pietersen’s case feels different. It is as if he is actively refusing to recognise reality. Like one who listens only to the twittering sycophants who tell him he has been grievously wronged, that one day English cricket will come to its senses. So Pietersen, wilfully deluded, takes himself off to Mick the Wizard. He then ambles topless along Bondi Beach, gauchely posing for the passing snappers. As the visiting psychiatrist remarked of the great Basil Fawlty: ‘There’s enough material there for an entire conference.’ Pietersen steps forward and smashes the ball for one of his 11 boundaries on Saturday in Sydney . Pietersen (right) talks to fellow Stars batsman Cameron White during the victory on Saturday . Pietersen stands leaning on his bat during his innings of 67 not out from 42 balls on Thursday . The ex-England captain (centre) walks across to the Thunder players to shake hands after the match .
highlights: Kevin Pietersen hit 67 not out from just 42 balls in Sydney on Saturday . Ex-England batsman recently had a new tattoo showing all the places he scored a century for England . Pietersen believes that Eoin Morgan wants him in the England side .
id: 8e494f11745d1335be32155fadfb4978adea9126
chatgpt: In a dazzling display of power-hitting, Kevin Pietersen produced an unbeaten 67 off just 42 deliveries during a match in Sydney on Saturday. The ex-England batsman's thunderous innings saw him smash several boundaries and sixes, leaving the opposition reeling. It wasn't just Pietersen's batting that caught the eye, though; his new tattoo showcasing all the places he scored a century for England also made waves among cricket fans. The tattoo, which features a map of the British Isles with tiny bats indicating the locations of each of Pietersen's 23 test centuries, has become quite the topic of discussion on social media. Fans have hailed the tattoo as a unique way of commemorating a great career, while others have questioned its appropriateness. Regardless of what people think of it, though, there is no denying that the tattoo represents a significant accomplishment for the South African-born batsman. Speaking about his tattoo, Pietersen said, "I wanted something special to commemorate my time playing for England, and I felt that this was a good way to do it. It's also a way of reminding myself of all the hard work and dedication that went into scoring those centuries." Pietersen's blistering innings in Sydney comes at a time when there has been increasing speculation about his potential return to the England side. The batsman retired from international cricket in 2014, but rumors have been circulating that he may be tempted to return for the upcoming T20 World Cup, which is being held in India. As it turns out, Pietersen himself believes that England captain Eoin Morgan is keen to have him back in the side. "I've spoken to Morgan, and he's expressed an interest in me playing for England again," Pietersen said. "It's not something I'd ever rule out, but at the moment, I'm just enjoying playing cricket and taking it one match at a time." Pietersen's potential return to the England side would certainly be a major talking point among cricket fans. The batsman's career has been marked by controversy and conflict, but there is no denying that he possesses immense talent and could be a major asset to the England side if he were to return. For now, though, Pietersen is focused on taking things one game at a time and enjoying his cricket. The batsman may be nearing the end of his career, but his talent and passion for the game still burn bright. And with performances like the one he put in at Sydney on Saturday, there is no denying that Pietersen still has plenty to offer cricket fans around the world.