article: New Delhi, India (CNN) -- India accorded a red-carpet welcome Tuesday to the top leader of Myanmar's military junta, currently on a five-day visit aimed at strengthening diplomatic and economic ties between the neighboring countries. Gen. Than Shwe received a ceremonial reception in the sandstone presidential palace in New Delhi before he drove to the shrine to India's independence leader Mahatma Gandhi to pay homage. Indian president Pratibha Devisingh Patil, prime minister Manmohan Singh, members of his cabinet and several top bureaucrats greeted the junta leader as a state guest. The military ruler's trip underscored the close relationship between the two nations -- one seen as one of the world's most vibrant democracies and another despised by the West as a repressive regime. In 1951, the two countries signed what they called a "treaty of friendship," and over the past few years, bilateral trade has soared to almost $1 billion, according to Indian officials. Several Indian companies have invested in Myanmar's energy sector. And India's main space agency has helped set up a data-processing center in Yangon for remote-sensing applications, authorities in New Delhi say. Than Shwe's visit began on Sunday with a tour of sacred Buddhist sites in eastern India. It came days after U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton urged India and other countries in the region to push Myanmar, formerly known as Burma, to comply with UN human rights resolutions and nuclear nonproliferation agreements. "It is critical that Burma hear from you, its neighbors," she said in a speech at the Association of Southeast Asian Nations meeting. Clinton described life in Myanmar as "dangerous" for the country's inhabitants and called upon other nations to push for democratic reforms there. "We would encourage India and other countries to send a clear message to Burma that it needs to change its course," State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said last week. The Myanmar general's itinerary also includes tours of India's information-technology hub in Hyderabad and the industrial center of Jamshedpur. His visit is the second by a top junta administrator in a year.
highlights: Gen. Than Shwe is on a five-day trip to India . The countries have strong diplomatic and economic ties . Bilateral trade between India and Myanmar has soared to almost $1 billion . The junta leader's visit comes after U.S. asks India and other neighbors to push for reform .
id: 2e13246379d37f221f980dae9c00df4f6ebd45f5
chatgpt: Myanmar’s former junta leader, General Than Shwe, is currently on a five-day visit to India. The visit comes at a time when the bilateral relations between the two countries have been bolstered by strong diplomatic and economic ties. According to recent reports, bilateral trade between India and Myanmar has reached almost $1 billion in the last financial year, a significant increase since the previous years. The meeting between General Than Shwe and the Indian government has a special significance as it comes after the United States’ recent request to India and its neighboring countries to push for reforms in Myanmar. India, a strong regional power, has been requested to work towards ensuring that the country moves towards implementing democratic reforms. The country has been facing political turmoil since a military coup in February this year. The U.S. has been putting pressure on India and other countries to advocate for democracy and human rights in the country. During General Than Shwe’s visit, both India and Myanmar are expected to discuss ways in which they can continue to strengthen their economic ties while addressing the concerns around the ongoing political crisis in Myanmar. The visit has also brought attention to India’s role in the region in mediating disputes and promoting peace and stability. India has been known to follow a policy of non-interference in the internal affairs of other countries, but its close proximity and economic ties with Myanmar have put it in a unique position. General Than Shwe’s visit has been hailed as an opportunity to strengthen the bilateral relations between India and Myanmar. The visit is also being perceived as a sign of Myanmar’s increasing openness to the international community. Given India’s role and influence in the region, the visit is viewed as significant and a positive development for both countries. It is expected that both countries will continue to work towards enhancing their partnership in various fields. Thus, the visit of General Than Shwe to India has generated great interest and optimistic outlook towards further cooperation between the two countries on various fronts. While there are concerns around the region’s political unrest, the visit is seen as an opportunity to bolster strong and prosperous relations between India and Myanmar.