article: A Florida mental health counselor has been arrested for allegedly murdering her lesbian lover's two-year-old daughter after the girl's mother, also a mental health counselor, broke up with her. Kymberley Lucas, 40, also tried to kill Jacquelyn Jamason's 10-year-old son - and possibly herself, police said. Officers were called to Lucas' Jupiter, Florida, home Monday for a reported drowning. There, they found Elliana Lucas-Jamason, 2, dead. Tragic: Police say Kymberley Lucas, 40, (right) killed girlfriend Jacquelyn Jamason's (left) daughter Elliana (center) and tried to kill her ten-year-old son (lower right) Lucas posted this pictures of her with the two children last week and wrote, 'Those two precious souls are my life!' Tragic: Elliana was found dead in the bathtub at Lucas' home on Monday after police were called there for a possible drowning. The boy (right) was also hurt . Lucas and the boy were both taken to the hospital for treatment. Police did not comment on how they were injured, the South Florida Sun-Sentinel reports. Police say Lucas and Jamason had recently ended their relationship. Lucas' last Facebook post, made last week, included a picture of her with her arms around Elliana and the boy. 'Those two precious souls are my life!' she wrote. On Mother's Day, Ms Jamason and Lucas shared a touching video with several photos of the children and both women. Both Lucas (left) and Jamason (right) are licensed mental health counselors who maintain private counseling practices near their home in Jupiter, Florida . Police say Lucas (pictured second from right) was unconscious when police arrived. She was taken to the hospital for treatment, where she is being kept in police custody . Lucas and Jamason are both licensed mental health counselors who maintain private practices in Palm Beach County. Jamason runs jupiter-counseling.com, which says she specializes in group and family counseling and the treatment of depression. Lucas was arrested and charged with murder and attempted murder. She is in police custody while she recovers at the hospital. The ten-year-old boy is expected to survive.
highlights: Kymberly Lucas, 40, is charged with murder and attempted murder . She allegedly killed Elliana Lucas-Jamason in the bathtub and tried to kill her lover's 10-year-old son, as well . The children's, Jacquelyn Jamason, had recently broken up with her . Both Lucas and Jamason are licensed mental health counselors .
id: 0aa73de594df2925d2074403af6dcfc82f449a5b
chatgpt: Kymberly Lucas, a 40-year-old licensed mental health counselor, has been charged with murder and attempted murder. Lucas allegedly killed Elliana Lucas-Jamason, her lover's daughter, in the bathtub and also attempted to kill her lover's 10-year-old son. The incident occurred shortly after her lover, Jacquelyn Jamason, had broken up with her. According to reports, Lucas was staying at Jamason's home in Tampa, Florida, when the incident occurred. Lucas allegedly drowned Elliana in the bathtub while attempting to drown her lover's son as well. Luckily, the young boy was able to escape and call for help. Police arrived on the scene and discovered Elliana's lifeless body in the bathtub. Lucas was arrested and charged with murder and attempted murder. Both Lucas and Jamason are licensed mental health counselors in the state of Florida. Lucas' colleagues expressed shock and disbelief at the allegations, stating that she had always been a kind and caring individual. The motive for the crime is unclear at this time, but some reports suggest that Lucas may have been struggling with mental health issues in the days leading up to the incident. Lucas' attorney, however, has stated that she plans to plead not guilty to the charges. The tragic incident has left the Tampa community in shock and mourning the loss of young Elliana. Friends and family members have expressed their grief and disbelief at the senseless act of violence. The case has garnered national attention, with many calling for justice for the young victim and her family. As the investigation unfolds, more details are sure to emerge about the events leading up to the incident and the motivations behind Lucas' alleged actions. For now, the community is left to grapple with the tragedy and search for answers in the wake of this heartbreaking loss.