article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 16:04 EST, 4 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 17:25 EST, 4 October 2013 . A Missouri woman is facing charges for allegedly selling nude pictures of her 11-year-old daughter and allowing men to pay for sex with her. The 27-year-old mother, who's name is being withheld to protect the identity of her daughter, was arrested Thursday and charged with endangering the welfare of a child and promoting a sexual performance by a child. She is being held on a $50,000 bond in the Crawford County Jail. This Missouri woman has been charged for allegedly selling her daughter for sex and posting nude pictures of the 11-year-old online . Police siezed cell phones and computers from her home and say they expect to make more arrests when they identify some of the men involved. The woman had been using social media to sell her daughter for sex, according to police. She would send nude pictures of her daughter to men she met online and in exchange, the men would send photos back along with money, The Missourian reported. The mother would also invite some of the men to her trailer home off Highway 8 in Steelville, Missouri to have sex with the middle-school-aged girl. The woman's sadistic sex operation was outed when teachers found sleeping pills in her daughter's backpack at school, according to KMOV. When asked where she got them, the girl said her mother had given them to her. The 11-year-old's grandfather says he's appalled and disgusted by the charges . The mother apprently admitted to police that she gave the pills to her daughter. She also allegedly admitted to selling nude photos of the girl and allowing men to have sex with her. If convicted, the mother could get 14 years in prison. The girl's grandfather says he's glad the mother is locked up. 'She's right where she belongs,' he said, adding that he hopes the men involved are also apprehended. 'I hope they get him too and I hope he’s sitting beside her and I hope they are both in there for awhile.'
highlights: The Missouri woman, who's name is . being withheld to protect the identity of her daughter, was arrested . Thursday . She was charged with endangering the welfare of a child and . promoting a sexual performance by a child . She would invited men that she met online to her trailer home off Highway 8 in Steelville, Missouri to have . sex with the middle-school-aged girl . Police expect to make more arrests when they identify some of the men involved .
id: 0d6e1b74ef63ab83c114c25f7f3089bb84bbcc66
chatgpt: A Missouri woman was arrested on Thursday after allegedly inviting men she met online to her trailer home in Steelville, Missouri for sex with a middle-school-aged girl. The woman, whose name is being withheld to protect the identity of her daughter, was charged with endangering the welfare of a child and promoting a sexual performance by a child. According to local law enforcement officials, the woman had been using various social media platforms to connect with men who expressed an interest in having sexual encounters with minors. She would then arrange for those men to come to her trailer home off Highway 8 in Steelville, where the girl was present. The Missouri Highway Patrol was alerted to the situation when a concerned citizen reported suspicious activity at the trailer home. After conducting an investigation, authorities arrested the woman and removed the child from the home. Investigators say they have reason to believe that there may be additional suspects involved in the case. They are currently working to identify some of the men that the woman allegedly invited to the trailer home for sexual encounters with the child. Police have indicated that they expect to make more arrests in the coming days. Missouri State Highway Patrol Lieutenant Colonel Eric Olson expressed his concern over the case, saying, "It's disturbing that there are individuals who prey on vulnerable children like this. We want to send a message that this type of behavior will not be tolerated in our state." The case highlights the dangers of online predators and the need for continued vigilance when it comes to protecting children from sexual exploitation. Parents and caregivers are urged to closely monitor their children's online activity and to report any suspicious behavior to authorities. The woman remains in custody and is scheduled to appear in court in the coming days. The child is currently in the care of child protective services while the investigation continues.