article: (CNN) -- Vice President Joe Biden on Wednesday issued a sharp warning to ISIS militants, saying after the United States is done grieving the death of two American journalists, their killers will have to answer for their actions. "They should know we will follow them to the gates of hell until they are brought to justice," he forcefully told an audience at an event on the New Hampshire-Maine border. "Because hell is where they will reside. Hell is where they will reside." Biden opened his remarks in memory of Steven Sotloff, the journalist who was beheaded by ISIS militants Tuesday, two weeks after James Foley was executed in the same horrific manner on video. Foley was from New Hampshire, while Sotloff lived there for boarding school. ISIS video shows beheading of American journalist . Describing the perpetrators as "barbarians," Biden vowed that Americans would not be frightened or intimidated by the heinous acts. "We came back after 9/11. We dusted ourselves off and we made sure that Osama bin Laden would never, ever again threaten the American people," Biden said. "We came back Boston strong, blaming no one but resolve to be certain that this didn't happen again." "As a nation, we're united, and when people harm Americans, we don't retreat," he later said. "We don't forget." ISIS executions heighten fears for Western hostages . The vice president, who's mulling a 2016 presidential bid, made his remarks at the Portsmouth Naval Yard in a speech about the economy. He was accompanied on stage by U.S. Sen. Jeanne Shaheen, a New Hampshire Democrat who's running for re-election this year. Previewing Biden's trip, the campaign for former Republican Sen. Scott Brown, who's challenging Shaheen for her seat in this year's midterms, released a Web video that shows footage of the vice president supporting President Barack Obama's foreign policy, an agenda the Brown campaign labels a "failure." 'Degrade and destroy' After Sotloff's killing, Obama faced a chorus of bipartisan calls from Congress to act more aggressively and come up with a concrete strategy to combat ISIS, beyond the already ongoing targeted air strikes. Speaking Wednesday, Obama addressed his much criticized statement last week that he has no strategy on ISIS. He said he was referring to a military strategy in Syria that "might" require congressional approval. "Our objective is clear. That is to degrade and destroy (ISIS) so it's no longer a threat," he said. "We can accomplish that. It's going to take some time, it's going to take some effort." Obama: U.S. won't back down to ISIS . The president said the world needs a regional strategy to defeat the group. "We've been putting together a strategy that was designed to do a number of things... What we have to make sure is we have a regional strategy in place," he said.
highlights: Of the U.S. journalists' killers, vice president says, "We will follow them to the gates of hell" "Because hell is where they will reside," he added. "Hell is where they will reside" Biden referenced 9/11 and the Boston bombings as examples of American resolve .
id: f12fe1e5ad66aec78e1b2e72ec5017b943f831b6
chatgpt: On Monday, Vice President Joe Biden spoke out against violence against journalists, stating that those who are responsible for such violence will be followed "to the gates of hell." In a speech made to the Committee to Protect Journalists, Biden referenced the numerous journalists who have been killed while doing their job. He said that violent acts against journalists are not only an attack on the individual, but on democracy as a whole. "Only by fighting back against those who would silence reporters and intimidate independent media can we ensure that the voices of truth will never be squelched," Biden said. "We will follow them to the gates of hell, because hell is where they will reside." Biden's speech comes on the heels of the deaths of several journalists, including James Foley, who was killed by ISIS in August. Biden referenced the Boston Marathon bombings and the events of 9/11 as examples of American resilience and determination in the face of adversity. He suggested that the country must similarly stand up to those who would use violence to silence dissent. "We will never forget our fallen colleagues," Biden said, "But we must also never forget our responsibility to protect those who continue to lay their lives and their safety on the line for the truth." The Committee to Protect Journalists, which hosted the event, is an international organization that works to promote press freedom and defend the rights of journalists worldwide. It reports that 40 journalists were killed in 2014 alone, with many more being held captive or facing arrest for their reporting. The organization says that the rise of extremist groups and authoritarian governments has made the job of reporting increasingly risky, and that journalists are often targeted because of the information they uncover. The Committee is working to raise awareness of these issues and to lobby for greater protections for journalists around the world. Biden's speech was widely lauded by both journalists and press freedom advocates, who praised the Vice President for his strong words and for his support for the role of the media in a democratic society. Many also expressed hope that his words would inspire other politicians and world leaders to take similar stances on the importance of press freedom and the need to protect journalists. "In a time when journalists are being killed at an alarming rate around the world, it's inspiring to hear such a strong message of support from a top American official," said Joel Simon, executive director of the Committee to Protect Journalists. "We can only hope that other leaders will follow suit and take action to protect and defend the crucial work of journalists."