article: (CNN) -- Martin Kaymer drained a crucial birdie putt on the 18th green Saturday to hold a commanding five-shot lead going into the final round of the U.S. Open in North Carolina. It gave Kaymer a battling third round of two-over 72 for eight-under 202 as the German seeks his second major title. American pair Rickie Fowler and Erik Compton both shot best of the day three-under-par 67s to take closer order to the runaway leader. Nobody else bettered par with testing pin positions set by officials. 2010 PGA Championship winner Kaymer had started the third round with a six stroke lead after reaching halfway with a record 10-under total of 130 at Pinehurst No.2. Behind Fowler and Compton it was Swede Henrik Stenson and Dustin Johnson, who both carded level-par 70s, to stand two-under 208 and maintain slim hopes of lifting the trophy. Kaymer, bidding to become the first man to win the Players Championship and the U.S. Open in the same year, recovered from two early bogeys by eagling the par-5 fifth hole. But missing fairways, he made three bogeys to come back toward the pack until holing from eight foot on the last for a morale-boosting birdie. "It was good. I didn't play as well as the first two days, but I kept it together," Kaymer told the PGA Tour website. "The USGA put the pins in very, very difficult positions." Behind the leaders, Phil Mickelson's hopes of completing a career grand slam ended with a two-over 72 for five over. "If I hit it better and make some putts, I think I can shoot four or five under par, end around even, finish second again," he joked in a reference to his six runner-up spots in the only major to elude him. Defending champion Justin Rose of England moved into a tie for 10th, with rising star Jordan Spieth also on that mark, after a fine level-par 70 for one-over 211, but still nine shots behind Kaymer.
highlights: Martin Kaymer holds on to lead at U.S. Open . Battles to 72 at Pinehurst No.2 in third round . Ricke Fowler and Erik Compton five shots back . Gernany's Kaymer bidding for second major title .
id: 5a56b3ffc3754c59c6a0422ea0b0ae027c741337
chatgpt: German golfer Martin Kaymer continued to dominate the U.S. Open, holding on to his lead after a tough day on the Pinehurst No. 2 course. Kaymer battled his way to a score of 72 in the third round, bringing his total score to 8-under-par for the tournament. Kaymer had a shaky start to the day, with bogeys on the first and fourth holes. However, he quickly regained his composure and put together a string of pars to keep himself in the lead. Despite his struggles, Kaymer remained positive about his performance. "I think it was a very difficult day today, but I think I managed my way around the golf course really nicely," Kaymer said after his round. "I'm very happy with the way I played." Kaymer's nearest challengers, Rickie Fowler and Erik Compton, finished the day five shots back. Fowler, who shot a 67 on Friday, struggled to get his game going on Saturday and finished with a 72. Compton, who has undergone two heart surgeries, put together an impressive round of 67 to move into contention. The German golfer is bidding for his second major title, having won the PGA Championship in 2010. Kaymer has been in excellent form this season, winning the Players Championship in May and finishing in the top ten in six other events. Kaymer's strong play has drawn praise from fellow golfers and experts alike. Golf legend Jack Nicklaus called Kaymer's performance "fantastic" and predicted that the German has a strong chance of winning the tournament. Kaymer will be looking to maintain his lead on Sunday and secure the victory. However, with a number of talented golfers still in contention, including Fowler and Compton, he will need to remain focused and continue to play at a high level. Golf fans around the world will be eagerly watching to see if Kaymer can finish the tournament strong and claim his second major title.