article: (CNN) -- Three men who escaped from prison in Belgium in a daring helicopter escape committed a string of robberies on Saturday, a police spokesman said. Ashraf Sekkaki is considered to be one of Belgium's most dangerous criminals. The escapees, who include a man considered to be one of the country's most dangerous criminals, robbed a bank, a gas station and two storage facilities, said the Bruges police spokesman Sunday. "In two hours they did four robberies," said the officer, who declined to give his name. "We think they need money." He added that he did not know if the alleged crimes were captured on CCTV, and that police have no idea where the fugitives are now. The fugitives are Mohammed Johry, Abdel Had Kahjary Mulloul and Ashraf Sekkaki. Sekkaki is considered one of Belgium's most dangerous criminals, Interpol said, with more than 16 convictions for violence, including bank robbery and kidnapping. Accomplices of the three inmates hijacked a helicopter on July 24 and forced the pilot to land in the prison courtyard, Interpol said. "It was just like in a film," helicopter pilot Ludwig Louwagie told the Belga news agency. He said a couple had booked a sightseeing tour of the Bruges region. While in flight, the man suddenly pressed a weapon against his temple, Louwagie told Belga. The man took away his headset so the pilot couldn't talk to ground control and forced Louwagie to land in the prison courtyard, he said. "I tried to land next to the prison, but the weapon was still pressed hard against my temple," he said. "I had no choice." He was unhurt, Belga reported. A 22-year-old man of Moroccan origin was an accomplice to the group but had to stay behind because the helicopter couldn't carry everyone, the Belga news agency reported. The jailbreak prompted Interpol to issue an international alert to police around the world to be on the lookout for the men. Jailbreaks by helicopter are becoming "far too common" worldwide, Interpol Secretary-General Ronald Noble said. CNN's Ben Brumfield contributed to this report.
highlights: Men who escaped Belgian prison in helicopter committed string of robberies . Escapees include man considered to be one of country's most dangerous criminals . Trio rob a bank, a gas station and two storage facilities, police say .
id: 18d8e9c2278dd2f980f205443ad4e69602d55adf
chatgpt: Three men who escaped prison in Belgium using a hijacked helicopter have been linked to a string of robberies. Authorities say the trio, which includes one of the country's most dangerous criminals, robbed a bank and a gas station, as well as two storage facilities.  The daring prison break took place in July when the men hijacked a helicopter using fake guns and flew over a wall to escape from the prison in Bruges. The escapees were on the run for two weeks before they were captured by police in Anderlecht, a suburb of Brussels. Following their arrest, police began to investigate the activities of the trio during their time on the run. They discovered that the men had committed a series of robberies and other crimes in the weeks following their escape. According to police, the group first targeted a bank in the town of Nijlen, around 50 kilometers east of Brussels. The men, armed with guns and explosives, forced their way into the bank and made off with a significant amount of cash. The gang then targeted a gas station in the town of Drogenbos, where they threatened employees and stole cash and other valuables. Later, they robbed two storage facilities in the towns of Affligem and Holsbeek, where they made off with luxury cars and other high-value items. The men were eventually caught by police during a routine traffic stop in Anderlecht on August 5th. Police found a large amount of cash, marijuana and other drugs, as well as several firearms and other weapons in their possession. While the trio is now back in custody, the string of robberies has raised concerns about the apparent ease with which the men were able to evade authorities for so long. The prison break was the third in Belgium in just five years and has highlighted the need for better security measures in the country's prisons. The men are expected to face charges related to the prison break, as well as the string of robberies and other crimes they are accused of committing after their escape.