article: A serial shoplifter has been arrested for the 109th time, for allegedly snatching an armful of teeth-whitening products. Prolific Nathaniel Ferguson, 49, was picked up by officers in the Cleveland, Ohio, suburb minutes after he allegedly grabbed the dental cosmetics from a CVS drug store and bolted through the open door. His latest arrest prompted South Euclid Police Department to quip: 'Does anyone have a contact at the Guinness Book of World Records?' The career - if unsuccessful - criminal - has 108 prior arrests, as well as three active warrants with South Euclid Municipal Court and four other outstanding warrants. Career criminal: Nathaniel Ferguson, 49, was this week arrested for the 109th time . Petty thief: After he was picked up, officers found he also had seven outstanding warrants for his arrest . 'I don’t have anything on me,' the 49-year-old shouted at a security guard as he darted out, authorities told the New York Daily News. But employees already know Ferguson well - he'd stolen from there in the past and is reportedly banned from all CVS stores - and immediately called police. Officers arrived to find Ferguson taking off in a Green Mercury. They soon caught up and, as the vehicle pulled over, one watched Ferguson 'make several furtive movements as if hiding something under the driver's seat,' an arrest report says. Questioned at the scene, Ferguson allegedly gave his brother's name. He was placed under arrest for the lie after another officer arrived who recognized his face. A search turned up $47.26-worth of CVS brand teeth whitening products, as well as two crack pipes. The items found corresponded to those reported stolen by the security guard at CVS. 'Probably the majority of his arrests are just like that,' Sergeant Mike O’Connor told the Daily News. We've been here before: Ferguson's lengthy record means he has plenty of custody photos to share . Seasonal: That means we can see him in a range of outfits, including winter, left, and summer, right . Petty criminal: After his latest arrest, Ferguson was charged with stealing $47.26-worth of dental cosmetics . Drugs: Police also found two crack pipes that he admitted belong to him, the arrest record shows . Arrest records show Ferguson has given has given police no fewer than 26 aliases since he began his criminal career in 1984. Though they are mostly varied spellings of his name, they also include a few more inventive noms de crime such as Bruce Hogan and Nathan Hope. But his efforts have been largely futile; there are by now few police officers or security guards who don't know him at a glance, police said. As well as the three outstanding arrest warrants with South Euclid Municipal court, Ferguson was also wanted by the Highland Heights Police Department, the Cleveland Heights Police Department, the University Heights Police Department and the Cuyahoga County Sheriff's Office. He was charged with theft, falsification, criminal trespass and possession of drug paraphernalia.
highlights: South Euclid Police caught Nathaniel Ferguson as he fled the scene . He had just stolen an armful of dental cosmetics from a CVS drug store . Officers found their suspect was already wanted on seven warrants . He tried to give a false name but one of the officers knew his face .
id: 2d423e03038d606ae44ae64cacfd67243e1d8e9f
chatgpt: South Euclid, Ohio - Local police officers caught a thief in the act as he attempted to flee from a CVS drug store. Nathaniel Ferguson was caught with an armful of dental cosmetics when he was arrested by the authorities. After searching his information on the computer, officers discovered that their suspect was already wanted on seven warrants.  At the time of his arrest, Ferguson initially tried to provide a false name to the police officers. However, he was quickly identified by one of the officers who recognized his face. The South Euclid Police Department had been looking for the suspect for some time, and officers were surprised to catch him in the act of committing yet another crime. "We're just glad we caught him before he had a chance to get away with anything," said Officer John Williams. "The fact that he was already wanted on seven warrants just goes to show that we really need to be vigilant when it comes to these types of crimes." The theft of dental cosmetics is a growing problem in many areas of the country. In recent years, these types of products have become increasingly popular as more and more people strive to achieve a perfect smile. However, the high cost of these items has led many criminals to target drug stores and supermarkets in an attempt to steal them. The South Euclid Police Department has been working tirelessly to combat this issue. They have implemented a number of new strategies and tactics to address the rising number of dental cosmetic thefts in the area. Officers have been trained to recognize suspicious behavior and are working closely with retailers to increase store security. Despite the department's efforts, however, incidents like Ferguson's theft continue to occur. Officers believe that the best way to combat this type of crime is through community involvement. They are urging residents to be vigilant when it comes to suspicious activity in their neighborhoods and to report any incidents to the police immediately. In the case of Nathaniel Ferguson, justice has been served. He is currently in police custody and facing a number of charges related to his theft and his attempts to evade the authorities. It is unclear at this point whether he will be released on bail or sent to jail pending trial. Regardless of the outcome of his case, this incident serves as a stark reminder of the importance of community involvement in the fight against crime. Only through working together can we hope to make our communities safer and more secure for everyone.