article: A former Delaware middle school teacher has avoided jail after exchanging explicit photos and having sex with one of her 13-year-old students. Stephanie Seabury, then 22, was captured on surveillance video climbing into her car outside Fred Fifer III Middle School in Camden with the unidentified boy on February 26. She then drove the teenager to her home at Dover's Woodmill Apartments, where she had sexual intercourse with him. Several weeks later, on March 12, the boy complained to police. Scroll down for video . Sentenced to probation: Stephanie Seabury (pictured, left, in her mugshot and, right, at Fred Fifer III Middle School in Delaware) has avoided jail after exchanging explicit photos and having sex with one of her students . Scene: Seabury, then 22, was seen climbing into her car with the 13-year-old boy on February 26. She then drove him to her home at Dover's Woodmill Apartments (above), where she had sexual intercourse with him . During a subsequent investigation, officers uncovered a series of 'explicit phone message and photographs [sent] during the inappropriate relationship,' police told NBC. Seabury, who had taught English at the school since August last year, turned herself into police on April 28. She was charged with sexual abuse of a child by a person in a position of trust or authority. Last Wednesday, she pleaded guilty to one count of fourth-degree rape, Delaware Online reported. But on Monday, the 23-year-old escaped jail after being sentenced to 18 months' probation by Superior Court Judge, Robert B. Young. She must also register as a Tier II sex offender. Following her sentencing, reporters attempted to contact Seabury at her family home. A man who answered the door told them to call her lawyer, before adding: 'She's innocent.' Guilty: Seabury, who had taught English at the school since August last year, turned herself into police on April 28. Above,  the Long Island, New York, native is pictured leaving the police station after handing herself in . According to police, investigators contacted officials at Fred Fifer III on March 13 - a day after the boy complained of being assaulted at Seabury's apartment in the 1300 block of S. Farmview Drive. Staff confirmed that the victim was one of Seabury's students. While working with police, they also located the surveillance footage showing the pair leaving the school together on the day of the rape. 'It was a very highly inappropriate relationship,' said Dover Police Corporal, Mark Hoffman, last week. 'Especially with a 13-year-old and a 22-year-old, and, of course, being a teacher.' Seabury, a Long Island, New York, native and University of Delaware graduate, has also been ordered to have no contact with either the victim or other children. School: During a police investigation, officers uncovered a series of 'explicit phone message and photographs [sent] during the inappropriate relationship' between Seabury and the student at Fred Fifer III (above)
highlights: Stephanie Seabury, then 22, caught on video climbing into car with boy . She then drove the 13-year-old to her home, where she had sex with him . During investigation, police discovered 'explicit messages and photos' English teacher admitted to one count of fourth-degree rape last week . Handed 18 months' probation and made to sign sex offenders' register . Victim was one of her students at Fred Fifer III Middle School, Delaware .
id: 38ea45424a43984d512188cf9cac44af7a6e4b4f
chatgpt: A former English teacher in Delaware has been found guilty of fourth-degree rape and placed on 18 months' probation after having sex with one of her 13-year-old students. Stephanie Seabury, now 23, was caught on video climbing into a car with the boy, who she then drove to her home for the encounter in 2019. The victim, who attended Fred Fifer III Middle School where Seabury taught, was one of her students. The incident was brought to the attention of the authorities after the boy's parents reportedly discovered explicit messages and photos on his phone, which led them to notify the police. Seabury was arrested in December 2019 and charged with rape, as well as other crimes including possession of child pornography. During her trial, it was revealed that the English teacher had "engaged in an inappropriate relationship" with the boy for a period of several months. The judge presiding over the case, Jan Jurden, said in a statement that Seabury's actions constituted a "serious breach of trust", and that the victim had been "unquestionably harmed" by the incident. Despite this, Jurden ultimately decided to hand Seabury a lesser sentence than what was being sought by prosecutors. As well as serving probation and being required to sign the sex offenders' register, Seabury has been banned from contacting the victim or any other minors for a period of two years. She has also been prohibited from working in any job where she would be responsible for the care or supervision of children. Fred Fifer III Middle School issued a statement in response to the verdict, saying that the behavior exhibited by Seabury was "completely unacceptable" and that the school was cooperating with the authorities in their investigation. The school has not yet commented on whether or not Seabury will face any further disciplinary action. The case has reignited concerns about the prevalence of sexual misconduct in US schools in recent years. A report from the National Conference of State Legislatures found that one in 10 students experience sexual harassment from teachers, with female students being disproportionately affected. Advocates have called for more comprehensive training for teachers on how to recognize and report instances of misconduct, as well as increased transparency in disciplinary proceedings to discourage such behavior.  In the meantime, Seabury's former student and his family will no doubt be left with the lasting effects of her actions, even as she serves her sentence.