article: (CNN) -- Former world No. 1 Amelie Mauresmo has announced her retirement from tennis, revealing that she no longer has the desire to play and train. The 30-year-old won two Grand Slam tournaments in 2006 as she spent 34 weeks at the top of the rankings, but has suffered a gradual slide since following a series of injuries and ended this year at No. 21. The Frenchwoman won the Paris Indoor Open earlier this year, but it proved to be a false dawn in her return to top form and she skipped the final two tournaments of 2009. "I came here to announce the end of my career. I made this decision after careful consideration," she told reporters at an emotional press conference on Thursday. "I don't want to train anymore. I had to make a decision, which became evident in the last few months and weeks. When you grow older, it's more difficult to stay at the top. "It's a bit sad, but this is the right decision. I was lucky enough to have an exceptional career and to experience very strong feelings on the court. "I dreamt of this career, I dreamt of winning a Grand Slam title. I lifted trophies in every city in the world and I lived 10 magical and unbelievable years." Mauresmo claimed her first major win at the Australian Open when Justine Henin pulled out with injury during the final, but she defied her doubters by beating the Belgian to claim the Wimbledon title later that year. Henin and her compatriot have both ended their relatively brief retirements this year, but Mauresmo said she was unlikely to have a similar change of mind. "Even if I've learned to never say never, the players you are thinking about stopped earlier than me before coming back," she said. WTA Tour chair Stacey Allaster paid tribute to the player. "Amelie's accomplishments not only include winning two Grand Slam titles and becoming the first French player to reach the world No. 1 ranking, but leading France to a Fed Cup victory, and generously donating her time to various social causes," she said. "Amelie is an extraordinary player, one of the nicest and friendliest personalities on tour, and a true champion both in tennis and in life." Mauresmo won the junior French Open and Wimbledon titles in 1996 before heading to the senior circuit, where she reached the Australian Open final in 1999 before losing to Martina Hingis. She became the first French player, male or female, to reach the top of the rankings in 2004, when she won the silver medal at the Athens Olympics, losing to Henin in the final. But her career came off the rails in 2007, missing two months due to injury and finishing outside the top-10 for the first time in seven seasons. The following year was even worse as she ended it outside the top-20. Mauresmo won 25 titles overall, and was a losing finalist 23 times.
highlights: Former world No. 1 Amelie Mauresmo announces her retirement from tennis . The 30-year-old holds an emotional press conference, saying she has lost motivation . She was the first French player, male or female, to reach the top of the rankings . But her career has been on a downward spiral since suffering injuries during 2007 .
id: 02e934b00aa5a358d0131d4d5098726f44987f7e
chatgpt: Amelie Mauresmo, who once held the top spot in women's tennis, announced her retirement from the sport at a press conference earlier today. The 30-year-old Frenchwoman cited a lack of motivation as the reason for stepping away from professional tennis. Mauresmo burst onto the tennis scene as a teenager, turning professional in 1993. She quickly made a name for herself as a rising star, winning her first Grand Slam tournament, the Australian Open, in 2006. She was the first French player, male or female, to reach the top of the world rankings. Despite her many accomplishments, Mauresmo's career has been derailed in recent years by a series of injuries. In 2007, she suffered a severe back injury that forced her to miss several months of competition. She has struggled to regain her form ever since, and her ranking has steadily declined over the past few years. At the press conference announcing her retirement, an emotional Mauresmo spoke about how difficult it was to make the decision to leave the sport she loves. "I have been playing tennis since I was a child, and it has been my life for so many years," she said. "But over the past few months, I have realized that my motivation is just not there anymore." Mauresmo went on to thank her family, friends, and fans for their support throughout her career. "I could not have achieved any of the things I have without the love and encouragement of the people around me," she said. "I am so grateful for everything they have done for me." As news of Mauresmo's retirement spread, tributes began pouring in from the tennis world. Many players praised her for her sportsmanship and her contributions to the sport. Roger Federer, one of the greatest tennis players of all time, tweeted, "Congratulations on an amazing career, Amelie. You have been an inspiration to so many of us." Mauresmo's retirement marks the end of an era in women's tennis. She was one of the most talented and accomplished players of her generation, and her impact on the sport will be felt for years to come. Though her career may have been cut short by injury, Mauresmo will always be remembered as a trailblazer who shattered barriers and paved the way for future generations of French tennis players. In the end, Mauresmo's retirement is a reminder of the fleeting nature of even the most successful athletic careers. For all of her accomplishments, she will go down as just another player who couldn't escape the ravages of time and injury. But for those who watched her play, Mauresmo's legacy will live on as a testament to the power of determination, hard work, and the indomitable spirit of a true champion.