article: By . Harriet Arkell . The average asking price for a property has reached a record high of £272,003 after a hike of nearly nine per cent in the past year . Asking prices went up by £9,409, or 3.6 per cent, between April to May - the biggest ever monthly leap, while the annual rise of 8.9 per cent crept close to the 10.4 per cent seen in October 2007. As ever, London led the way, with a 16.3 per cent year-on-year increase, compared with a more modest 4.9 per cent in the rest of the country.  This suggested that the feared house price bubble had not stretched beyond the capital, Rightmove said. Asking prices have soared nearly nine per cent in a year as demand outstrips supply, according to Rightmove . Average asking price 2014: In the coastal village of Hest Bank, Lancashire, Fisher Wrathall is selling this five-bedroom house for £275,000 - ten years ago, the house next door was sold for £119,000 . The average asking price in London is up by nearly £80,000 so far in 2014, or £4,405 a week, compared with £1,521 a week for the rest of the country. Ten out of 32 London boroughs saw annual rises of more than 20 per cent, with a 43 per cent increase in Tower Hamlets driven by cash buyers and investors in Canary Wharf and neighbouring areas. Rightmove said that across the country demand remained strong, and still outstripped supply. An increase in new sellers earlier in the year was reversed in May as the number of homes being put up for sale fell by one per cent compared with April - a drop most likely explained by bank holidays affecting activity. Rightmove director Miles Shipside said: 'The lack of fresh choice will frustrate buyers and lessen their negotiating power in popular locations as pent-up demand continues to be released.' The figures come after fears of an overheating housing market failed to persuade the Bank of England to raise interest rates, with governor Mark Carney dampening expectations of an early hike. London Property Zone is offering this one-bedroom flat here in Colindale, north west London, for £274,900 . The one-bedroom flat in Colindale is offered at £274,900 - six years ago a similar flat there sold for £244,950 . Policy makers have said they will use other tools first, if needed, to cool the property market, before turning to this 'last line of defence'. Earlier this month, the Bank's deputy governor Sir Jon Cunliffe warned that surging house prices could pose the biggest danger to the country's financial stability and it was the brightest of the 'blinking warning lights' of risk facing the UK. Meanwhile, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development has also recently sounded a warning that action may be needed to cool the market, calling for curbs on the Government's Help to Buy scheme.
highlights: Asking prices record biggest ever monthly leap of 3.6 per cent (£9,409) Property website Rightmove says average price now at highest level ever . Average asking price for a property has gone up 8.9 per cent in a year . In Tower Hamlets, foreign investors have pushed it up by 43 per cent . And average London asking prices are up by nearly £80,000 so far this year .
id: bf7124c0e15aaba85b6d05626ad4c6eebb914769
chatgpt: The UK housing market has experienced its biggest-ever monthly rise in asking prices, according to a report by property website Rightmove. The average asking price for a home in the UK surged by 3.6% in April, representing an increase of £9,409 on the previous month. The rise means that the current average asking price is now at the highest level ever recorded by Rightmove. The report also revealed that average asking prices for properties have increased by 8.9% in the past year, with London experiencing a rise of nearly £80,000 since the beginning of the year. In Tower Hamlets, one of London’s financial hubs, prices have been pushed up by foreign investors, with an increase of 43% in just one year. According to Rightmove’s director, “high buyer demand and shortage of supply are driving up prices in many parts of the country, with London leading the charge”. The surge in prices is partly attributed to the stamp duty holiday introduced by the UK government last year to stimulate the housing market during the pandemic. Buyers are also seeking extra space and gardens, as remote working policies have become more prevalent in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. As a result of the price increases, the gap between the average property asking price and the typical first-time buyers' budget has continued to widen. Analysts warn that this trend could price many first-time buyers out of the market, with some buyers left feeling soon priced out of London altogether. The report also indicates that prices of higher-value homes have increased more than those of lower-value properties. Property worth £500,000 and above has seen the highest growth, with prices rising by 2.6% in April, compared to 1.4% for homes valued at less than £500,000. However, the report suggests that the market is unlikely to slow down anytime soon, as there are still many buyers looking to move into larger homes. With the ongoing impact of the pandemic, it is expected that buyers will continue to seek larger homes with gardens, as the demand for extra space grows. In response to the market surge, housing experts have recommended that homeowners looking to sell should take advantage of the high demand and list their properties on the market. However, for buyers, this may not be the best time to invest in a new property, due to the soaring prices. In conclusion, the UK housing market is experiencing a surge in demand, driven by a shortage of supply and the impact of the pandemic. The rise in prices is putting pressure on first-time buyers, with many left feeling priced out of the market. Despite the challenges, the market is expected to continue to grow, with many buyers seeking additional space and gardens to accommodate new remote working trends.