article: MOSCOW, Russia (CNN) -- A team of experts gathered Friday on Russia's Kamchatka Peninsula to decide how to deal with marauding bears that reportedly have killed two people recently. As many as 12,000 bears live on Russia's Kamchatka Peninsula. The bears are blamed for the deaths of two guards at a geological station near a platinum mine on the peninsula in far eastern Russia. Russian media reports cite local law enforcement officials as saying the remains of the two men had been "gnawed on." Groups of bears have been reported in the region since the deaths, and many people have refused to work at the mine, saying they are afraid. Three hunters and a representative of Koryakgeoldobycha, employer of around 400 people at the mine, will evaluate the danger and decide whether killing a few animals is necessary, said Vladimir Rudeyev of the Russian Emergency Situations Ministry in Kamchatka. "All decisions are made locally," he told CNN. "No licenses [for shooting bears] have been issued yet. Reports came out that they were, but that's incorrect." Hunters might need to kill only the most aggressive bears, he said. Generally, bears are timid animals and need only to be scared off. Exterminating wild bears that are not afraid of humans is relatively common in Canada and the United States. Trouble in northeastern Kamchatka began when the two unarmed geological station guards were found dead July 17. More than 93 miles (150 kilometers) away, about 20 bears came into another station several days later. Then, dozens more wild bears were seen 25 to 50 miles (40 to 80 kilometers) away, around various stations and villages in the area. "Bears came out to where they used to live before," Rudeyev said. "It constantly happens on the Kamchatka Peninsula, on various rivers, places where people work." Humans are to blame because they attract the animals by leaving out trash or they frighten bear cubs, turning them into aggressive grown-ups, he said. Laura Williams, senior adviser for the World Wildlife Fund in Russia, also said it's the search for food that probably drives bears close to human camps. Kamchatka bears are used to feeding on salmon in the summer, but there have been fewer of the fish in local rivers this year because of overfishing, contamination or natural causes. "When [bears] don't have salmon, they go into some of the settlements, creating bad situations both for themselves and people," Williams said. "When you're in bear country, it's important to know how to act when you meet a bear." The Kamchatka Peninsula has long been known for its brown bear population, estimated at 8,000 to 12,000. In some areas of the peninsula, the population density is the greatest in the world. Human deaths from bears are rare, and Williams said it would be an overstatement to say the situation this year is out of hand. CNN's Mike Sefanov contributed to this report.
highlights: Two guards killed July 17 near platinum mine, apparently by bears . Groups of bears seen in other parts of Kamchatka Peninsula in eastern Russia . Official says it may be necessary to shoot some bears to protect people . Experts say salmon shortage is driving bears into closer contact with humans .
id: 1bd29a919ffe8acf02580628a0c84d1084ba250a
chatgpt: Two guards have been found dead near a platinum mine in eastern Russia's Kamchatka Peninsula on July 17. The deaths of the two guards appear to have been inflicted by bears, according to reports from the region. Authorities are warning people to keep their distance from areas where the bears have been spotted and may even be forced to shoot some of the bears to protect the public. The bear attacks come amid reports of groups of bears being seen in other parts of the Kamchatka Peninsula. The bears are apparently being driven closer to humans due to a shortage of salmon in the region. As the bears hunt for food, they are increasingly coming into contact with people. Kamchatka's Governor, Vladimir Solodov, has said that it may be necessary to shoot some of the bears to protect the public, a move that has been met with both support and opposition. Authorities are asking for the public's help in identifying any bear sightings so that they can better monitor the situation and assess the potential risk to humans. Wildlife experts are pointing to the ongoing salmon shortage in the region as a major driver of the bears' behavior. As the bears' natural food source becomes scarce, they are being forced to venture closer to populated areas in search of food. The shortage has also led to increased competition among bears, making them more aggressive and territorial. The Kamchatka Peninsula is home to several species of bears, including the Kamchatka brown bear, one of the largest bears in the world. The bears are an important part of the region's ecosystem and are protected by law. However, the current situation has raised concerns about the potential danger posed by the bears to human life. Despite warnings from authorities, some locals are continuing to venture into bear territory in search of salmon, increasing the risk of confrontation between bears and humans. Wildlife experts are calling for increased public education and awareness campaigns to help prevent further bear attacks. The bear attacks have also highlighted the need for greater efforts to protect the region's salmon population. Environmentalists warn that overfishing and climate change are putting the salmon population at risk, which could have serious consequences for not only the bears but also the entire ecosystem and local communities that rely on the fish for food and income. As the situation in Kamchatka continues to develop, authorities are urging caution and vigilance from the public to ensure that everyone stays safe. The ongoing shortage of salmon is a reminder of the importance of protecting the region's natural resources and the need for sustainable practices that will benefit both humans and wildlife.