article: (CNN) -- Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki called for dialogue and resolve to halt the recent rise in violence across the country and avert a "civil war." "We should not let those extremists ignite the sectarian strife in this country," he said Thursday in a nationwide address. Over the past three days, nearly 100 people have been killed and hundreds of others wounded in clashes between Iraqi security forces and Sunni tribes in northern Iraqi provinces, including Salaheddin, Nineveh and Kirkuk. In the latest clashes, gunmen and Iraqi federal police faced off Thursday night in the city of Falluja, a predominantly Sunni city in Iraq's Anbar province, Iraqi police told CNN. At least four people were killed in fighting between gunmen and Iraqi security forces in the town of Qarataba, north of Baquba, police said. Elsewhere, at least one person was killed and seven were wounded when a car bomb exploded near an outdoor market in the Shiite holy city of Najaf, south of Baghdad, Iraqi police officials said. Iraq, on edge over violence, endures more bloodshed . Al-Maliki called for dialogue among tribal leaders, government officials and security forces to stop the fighting from spiraling out of control and to keep the country's nascent democracy from unraveling. The government Saturday held provincial elections throughout most of the country. There was minor violence during the vote, and the exercise was praised by international and Iraqi leaders. Sunnis, who comprise a minority of Iraqis, had clout during the Saddam Hussein era but have been politically marginalized since his overthrow. Shiites, who make up a majority of Iraqis, dominate the government. Since December, tens of thousands of Sunni demonstrators have taken to the streets, demanding that the Shiite-led government stop what they call second-class treatment of Iraq's Sunni community. Deadly wave of bombings across Iraq ahead of elections . Iraq was engulfed by Sunni-Shiite sectarian warfare in the last decade, and al-Maliki reminded the country that "everyone will lose if civil war breaks out." State TV showed file video footage of people being tortured under Hussein's regime to remind Iraqis of past violence. The latest violence occurred in Mosul, in Nineveh province. Hundreds of Sunni tribe members attacked police checkpoints and security posts in a several neighborhoods, in protest against security force actions Tuesday in Hawija. From Wednesday night through Thursday, federal security forces killed 31 "terrorists" and freed 17 police officers, said Mehdi al-Gharrawi, the commander of federal police in Mosul. At least eight police officers have been killed in the city since Wednesday, police said. The situation has since been brought under control.
highlights: NEW: Four people killed in clashes between gunmen and security forces, police say . Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki: "Everyone will lose if civil war breaks out" Violence most recently raged in Mosul . Sunnis have been angry at the Shiite-led government .
id: c0f4cf565ac24aa0ca72d335dc083d4834b72b1a
chatgpt: Four people were killed in clashes between gunmen and security forces, according to a statement from the police department on Monday. The violence most recently raged in Mosul, where there have been reports of Sunni anger at the Shiite-led government. Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki has warned that everyone will lose if a civil war breaks out. The police department statement did not provide any further details, but local media outlets have reported that the clashes between the security forces and the gunmen erupted after a group of militants attacked a police checkpoint in the city. The violence in Mosul comes amid rising tensions between Sunnis and Shiites in Iraq. The Sunnis have long complained about discrimination under the Shiite-led government and have demanded greater political representation. Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki has tried to address these concerns by forming a national unity government, but the Sunni anger has not subsided. The Prime Minister has warned that a civil war could break out if the situation does not improve. "Everyone will lose if a civil war breaks out. We must all work together to ensure that the situation does not deteriorate any further," he said. The situation in Iraq is becoming increasingly unstable, with violence on the rise across the country. The Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) has been taking advantage of the chaos, seizing control of large areas of the country. The international community has expressed concern about the situation in Iraq, with many calling for a peaceful resolution to the conflict. The United States has offered its support to the Iraqi government and has pledged to help fight ISIS. The United Nations has also called on all parties to exercise restraint and to work towards a peaceful solution to the crisis. The organization has offered its assistance to help find a peaceful resolution to the conflict. The violence in Mosul is just the latest in a series of attacks that have rocked the country in recent weeks. It is unclear whether there will be a respite any time soon, as tensions between Sunnis and Shiites continue to escalate. The international community is watching the situation in Iraq with concern, as the country has already suffered through years of war and instability. The hope is that the parties involved can find a peaceful solution to the crisis before it spirals out of control.