article: By . Associated Press and Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 00:58 EST, 18 September 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 01:01 EST, 18 September 2013 . An ex-publicist and lawyer for the rap duo Insane Clown Posse has sued them and their recording company, saying she was sexually harassed and asked to perform illegal acts. Andrea Pellegrini, 32, filed the lawsuit on August 23 in Oakland County Circuit Court in the Detroit suburb of Pontiac. The defendants include group members Joseph 'Shaggy 2 Dope' Bruce and Joseph 'Violent J' Utsler and Psychopathic Records. Clowns: An ex-publicist and lawyer for the rap duo Insane Clown Posse, pictured, has sued them and their recording company, saying she was sexually harassed and asked to perform illegal acts . The Associated Press left phone and email messages Tuesday night for group spokesman Jason Webber. The complaint says Pellegrini was 'subjected to constant and pervasive harassment' at the company, including being given a large sex toy and a product with Kegel-like qualities, The Detroit News reported. It says she was asked to obtain automatic weapons for a photo shoot. According to The Detroit Free Press, the lawsuit describes her experience at the 2012 Gathering of the Juggalos as 'a living hell,' including being relegated to using bathrooms 'often full with naked male strangers.' Pellegrini worked at Psychopathic Records in 2009-2012, then was fired. The 86-count complaint also names William Dail, president of Psychopathic Records, as well as Psychopathic Records employees Robert Bruce and Dan Diamond. Harassment: The complaint says Pellegrini was 'subjected to constant and pervasive harassment' at the company, including being given a large sex toy and a product with Kegel-like qualities . According to Marko, Pellegrini was instructed by executives at the record label to deceive government investigators from the U.S. Department of Labor during an investigation. She said she refused and reported the sexual harassment and was subsequently terminated. Howard Hertz, an attorney for Pyschopathic and ICP, told The Detroit Free Press on Tuesday: 'The allegations are untrue. Ms Pellegrini was terminated for poor job performance. I can't comment further because the matter is in litigation.' Pellegrini initially didn't want to file the complaint for fear she'd be blacklisted in the industry, her lawyer said. He said she has since got another job but it pays 'a lot less.' 'We're asking for a substantial amount of money to compensate her for what she’s gone through and is continuing to go through,' said Marko, adding that the woman had undergone counseling.
highlights: Andrea Pellegrini, 32, filed the lawsuit against the rappers and Psychopathic Records on August 23 . The complaint says Pellegrini was 'subjected to constant and pervasive harassment' at the company, including being given a large sex toy and a product with Kegel-like qualities . She claims she was fired after reporting the harassment . Lawyers for the record label and rappers have denied the allegations .
id: e3186fb7593fde657aef6796bc063617b8c3c506
chatgpt: Andrea Pellegrini, a former employee at Psychopathic Records, has filed a lawsuit against the music label and its rappers, alleging she was sexually harassed and retaliated against for reporting the harassment. The complaint was filed on August 23 and seeks damages for the alleged discrimination and wrongful termination. According to the complaint, Pellegrini was "subjected to constant and pervasive harassment" during her time working at the company. This reportedly included being given a large sex toy and a product with "Kegel-like qualities." Pellegrini claims that despite repeatedly reporting the harassment to her superiors, no action was taken to address these issues. The lawsuit further asserts that Pellegrini was fired from her job after she reported the harassment to her superiors. The complaint claims that Pellegrini's firing was a direct result of her complaints and is therefore a violation of California's Fair Employment and Housing Act. Lawyers for Psychopathic Records and the rappers named in the lawsuit have denied the allegations. In a statement, they stated that they take all claims of harassment seriously and have a zero-tolerance policy for this type of behavior. They also claimed to have conducted an internal investigation into the allegations and found no evidence of wrongdoing. However, Pellegrini's attorney has dismissed these denials, stating that the company's culture of harassment was well-known and can be proven in court. They have vowed to vigorously pursue the case on behalf of their client. Sexual harassment in the workplace has long been a pervasive issue in industries across the board, and the music industry is no exception. Women who work in the music industry have come forward with allegations of harassment and discrimination, prompting a public conversation about the issue. The #MeToo movement has brought sexual harassment to the forefront of public discourse and has shown the power of speaking out against this type of behavior. However, many women still encounter significant obstacles when attempting to report harassment in their workplaces, as evidenced by Pellegrini's case. The outcome of Pellegrini's lawsuit could have significant implications for workers in the music industry and beyond. It will be watched closely by those who seek to hold their employers accountable for creating a safe and respectful workplace, free from harassment and discrimination.