article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . Victims of the payment protection insurance mis-selling scandal could have been under-compensated by up to £1billion, it has been claimed. Any affected customers would have had PPI on credit cards issued by Lloyds Banking Group, Barclays, MBNA and Capital One, according to an investigation. The estimated shortfall relates to fees and charges attached to the mis-sold policies which have been left out of compensation calculations. Lloyds Banking Group said: 'When a customer lets us know that they may have incurred other costs because of their PPI policy, we will investigate and make an appropriate refund' Because these sums involve adding interest, the final amount customers received was dramatically reduced, the BBC investigation said. Independent financial consultant Cliff D’Arcy estimated that banks could have to pay  out ‘somewhere in the region of a billion pounds of extra compensation’. His calculation was based on factors such as typical penalty charges on credit cards, how many credit card users had PPI, how many of those paid charges and what interest they had to pay. Barclays acknowledged it has previously operated a month-by-month assessment of whether PPI premiums had triggered additional fees, which met the requirements of the regulations and was independently assured . MBNA said: 'We are confident that our redress is correct, we have considered our methodology carefully and in detail. Our confidence is reinforced through external independent reviews' The investigation said that in February, one PPI victim called Mark Pascoe was paid £5,800 in compensation by MBNA. However, the lender’s calculations did not include more than £600 in fees and charges Mr Pascoe had incurred since taking out his card in 1997. According to the claims management company advising Mr Pascoe, had those fees been correctly included in the calculations, his compensation payout would have more than doubled to more than £13,000. Experts advised customers concerned they might have been shortchanged to get in touch with their bank. According to estimates by consumer group Which?, the total amount put aside by banks to compensate PPI victims has reached £22.4billion. Such policies were frequently added to loans or credit cards without customers’ knowledge, or without them fully understanding what it was or whether they needed it in the first place. Lloyds Banking Group said: ‘When a customer lets us know that they may have incurred other costs because of their PPI policy, we will investigate and make an appropriate refund.’ Barclays acknowledged it has previously operated a month-by-month assessment of whether PPI premiums had triggered additional fees, which met the requirements of the regulations and was independently assured. Barclays told the BBC that it is now introducing an ‘enhanced’ method. MBNA said: ‘We are confident that our redress is correct, we have considered our methodology carefully and in detail. Our confidence is reinforced through external independent reviews.’ Capital One said: ‘We aim to pay redress that puts the customer back in the position they would have been in if they had not had PPI.’
highlights: Banks did not repay charges and fees associated with PPI . One victim paid £5,800 should have been due £13,000 . According to estimates by Which?, the total put aside by banks to compensate PPI victims . has reached £22.4bn . The full report is on Radio 4’s You And Yours programme today at midday.
id: d1ccdf74096ce9ea0e2d2e5cff8b168fdc9810a3
chatgpt: Banks in the United Kingdom have been accused of failing to repay charges and fees associated with Payment Protection Insurance (PPI). According to a recent report by Which?, one victim was found to have paid £5,800 in unnecessary PPI charges, but was only due £13,000 in compensation from the banks. The report, which was featured on Radio 4's You And Yours programme, highlighted the ongoing problems surrounding the mis-selling of PPI by banks and the subsequent failure by banks to repay the fees and charges related to these products. Despite the fact that estimates suggest that banks have put aside a total of £22.4bn to compensate PPI victims, it appears that many victims continue to be left out of pocket. The report also noted that many PPI victims have been wrongly informed that they are not eligible for compensation, or have had their claims rejected on spurious grounds. This has led to widespread frustration and anger among consumers, who feel that they have been let down by the banks. Commenting on the report, Which? executive director Richard Lloyd said: "It's simply not good enough that banks are continuing to fail their customers on PPI. We need to see urgent action from both the banks and the regulators to ensure that victims receive the compensation that they are entitled to." The report also highlighted the need for greater transparency and accountability from banks when it comes to the mis-selling of financial products. Many consumer groups have called for tougher regulations to be put in place to ensure that banks are held accountable for their actions, and that victims receive fair compensation for any losses incurred. The ongoing mis-selling of PPI is a major issue for the UK banking sector, with some estimates suggesting that banks have already paid out over £30bn in compensation to victims. However, there are concerns that many victims are still waiting for justice, and that banks are dragging their feet when it comes to paying out compensation. In response to the report, a spokesperson for the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) said: "We are committed to ensuring that consumers receive fair compensation for any losses incurred as a result of PPI mis-selling. We will continue to work with the banks to ensure that all victims receive the compensation that they are entitled to." Despite these assurances, many PPI victims continue to feel let down by the banks and the regulators. They argue that there is still a long way to go before justice is done and that the banks need to do much more to make amends for the damage that they have caused. Overall, the report highlights the ongoing problems facing PPI victims and the need for greater accountability from banks when it comes to the mis-selling of financial products. While progress has been made in terms of compensation, it is clear that much more needs to be done to ensure that victims receive the justice that they deserve.