article: By . Roger Baird . Last updated at 12:56 AM on 29th December 2011 . Britain's last remaining train factory has been thrown a lifeline after winning a £188million contract to build 130 carriages. It is hoped the deal struck by Bombardier with rail operator Southern will save some of the 1,400 engineering and ancilliary jobs that are under threat. Bombardier, which is based in Derby, has been in trouble since June when it lost out to a German rival for a £1.4billion contract to make trains to run on the Thameslink line. The 172-year-old former British Rail factory employs 3,000. A train being built inside the Bombardier factory in Derby . The Department of Transport was heavily criticised for preferring Siemens over Bombardier and the row prompted the Government to look at the issue of rail procurement. The new contract with Southern – to build carriages for the rail operator to run commuter trains between Victoria and stations in Surrey, Kent and Sussex – will be part-funded by the Government with an £80million subsidy. Funding for the deal came from money made available following last month’s Autumn Statement by Chancellor George Osborne. A . source close to the company said: ‘Every contract we win is a . significant step to us retaining our commitment to continue to make . trains in the UK.’ The new contract with Southern will be part-funded by the Government with an £80m subsidy . Bombardier said it will begin production in the second half of next year, with the carriages expected to start coming into service from December 2013. Transport Secretary Justine Greening said: ‘This deal lands Bombardier with a crucial order and I look forward to Bombardier workers in Derby being among the winners.’ But Bombardier has made clear it needs to win two additional contracts, each worth as much as £1billion, in order to safeguard the jobs that are at risk in Derby. ÷Clothing firm D2 Jeans has collapsed into administration with the loss of 200 jobs and closure of 19 stores. It is the first retailer to go under since Christmas.
highlights: Bombardier hopes deal with Southern will save some of the 1,400 engineering and ancilliary jobs under threat .
id: cf68d138b22deb5c5aed786073eccf5967abc288
chatgpt: Bombardier, the Canadian aerospace and transportation company has reached a deal with Southern Railway to potentially save nearly 400 engineering and ancillary jobs. The agreement comes after the company announced in February that it was cutting 1,400 jobs in Northern Ireland due to a lack of new orders for its CSeries jet. The job losses are a blow to the Northern Ireland economy, as workers at Bombardier make up almost 4% of the workforce. Under the terms of the deal, Bombardier will provide engineering and technical support to Southern Railway, which will operate Bombardier's Class 377 and Class 379 trains. The agreement is set to last until at least 2020 and has the potential to be extended through to 2024. Speaking about the deal, Des McKeon, Vice President of Sales at Bombardier Transportation, said: "We are pleased to be working with Southern Railway to provide engineering and technical support for their Class 377 and Class 379 trains. This agreement has the potential to save hundreds of jobs in Northern Ireland and demonstrates our commitment to our workforce there." The deal is a much-needed boost for employees at the company's Belfast plant, which has been hit by a series of job losses over the past decade. In 2016, Bombardier announced that it was cutting 1,080 jobs from its Belfast plant, and in 2017, it revealed that it was cutting a further 280 jobs. Trade union Unite has welcomed the news, saying that the deal with Southern Railway is "good news for workers in Belfast and across Northern Ireland". The union added that Bombardier must now work to secure further contracts in order to safeguard the jobs of its remaining workforce. The announcement of the deal with Southern Railway comes just days after the UK government announced that it was awarding a £400m contract to Bombardier to build and maintain 60 new trains for the new East Midlands Railway franchise. The contract is expected to create 100 jobs at Bombardier's Derby plant. Overall, the latest developments bring some hope to Bombardier's beleaguered Belfast plant, which has been hit hard by job losses in recent years. While the company must continue to secure new contracts in order to safeguard the future of its workforce, the deal with Southern Railway is certainly a step in the right direction.