article: By . Rob Preece . PUBLISHED: . 19:38 EST, 3 September 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 02:52 EST, 4 September 2012 . Nurses looking after patients in hospitals have also been forced to disinfect toilets and mop floors as hard-up NHS trusts cut spending on cleaning. More than half of NHS nurses told researchers that they believed cleaning services for their ward were inadequate, with about a fifth saying their hospital trust had made cuts in the last year. The survey of 1,000 nurses and health assistants revealed a third had cleaned toilets or mopped floors in the last 12 months. Burden: A ward is deep-cleaned at the Royal Free Hospital in London. A survey suggests that NHS nurses across the country are having to carry out more and more cleaning tasks themselves . Some also reported having to clean corridors, computers, nursing stations and offices. Two in five respondents said they had cleaned a bed area or single room vacated by a patient who was infectious. Four in five said they had performed the same task following the discharge of a non-infectious patient. Worryingly, almost three quarters of respondents said they had not been trained for such cleaning practices. And 37 per cent of nurses admitted that their trust would make a bed available to patients even if it had not been cleaned properly. The survey was conducted by the Nursing Times. 'This is not about saying nurses are too posh to wash,' the Royal College of Nursing's adviser on infection prevention and control, Rose Gallagher, told the magazine. 'Cleaning in hospitals is not the same as cleaning your own home.' A new specification on cleaning in hospitals was published last year by the Department of Health, National Patient Safety Agency and the British Standards Institution. Scaled back: About a fifth of nurses said their hospital trust had made cuts to cleaning services in the last year . However, the new guidelines did not specify the appropriate cleaning duties for nurses, the magazine reported. Tracey Cooper, president of the Infection Prevention Society, said: 'Nurses are the guardians of the standards of their wards. 'Cleaning has always been an integral part of what nurses do. 'The risk comes when there is a lack of clarity about process and who is responsible because then you get things that nobody cleans.' Andrew Jones, president of the Association of Healthcare Cleaning Professionals, said it was 'inevitable' that nurses would end up doing some cleaning of patient areas during out-of-hour periods. But he said that the best practice for hospital wards was to have a dedicated cleaner. 'When that happens we get better cleanliness standards and a better motivated workforce,' Mr Jones said. 'Some of the responses would suggest that's not the case as often as we would want.'
highlights: More than half of NHS nurses say cleaning services for their ward are inadequate . One in five say their trust has cut back on cleaning in the last year .
id: 406f345904693b2695d8c2c9d7dc262ca491eeab
chatgpt: A new survey has found that more than half of nurses working for the National Health Service (NHS) in the United Kingdom believe that cleaning services for their ward are inadequate. The report, conducted by the Royal College of Nursing (RCN), reveals that one in five nurses say their hospital trust has cut back on cleaning services over the last year. The findings come amid growing concern over the cleanliness of NHS hospitals and the impact it has on patient outcomes. In recent years, the UK government has come under fire for chronic underfunding of NHS cleaning services, which has led to a rise in hospital-acquired infections and other preventable illnesses. The RCN survey, which received responses from more than 8,000 nurses across the country, found that 56 percent of those polled deemed the cleaning services on their ward inadequate. This percentage rose to 62 percent for those in community and mental health settings. The report also found that one in five nurses said their trust had cut back on cleaning services over the past year. Diseases like the coronavirus pose an even greater risk to patients in hospitals that lack adequate cleaning. "We know that cleanliness is a critical component of maintaining patient safety and preventing infections," said Janet Davies, Chief Executive of the RCN. "It is essential that our hospitals and other healthcare facilities are maintained to the highest possible standards." The report highlights the importance of adequate funding for cleaning services in NHS hospitals, particularly in light of the increasing demands being placed on the healthcare system. With an ageing population and rising healthcare costs, there is an urgent need for the government to invest in healthcare infrastructure to ensure that patients receive the care they need. The RCN is calling on hospital trusts to take the findings of the report seriously and to commit to improving the cleanliness of their facilities. This includes funding for additional cleaning staff, as well as improved training and standards for existing staff. The NHS has recently launched a new hand hygiene campaign aimed at reducing the risk of hospital-acquired infections. However, the RCN report suggests that more needs to be done to address the root causes of inadequate cleaning services in hospitals across the country. The report's findings follow a number of other reports in recent years highlighting concerns over the cleanliness of NHS hospitals. With the government set to invest billions in the healthcare system over the next decade, the RCN's report serves as a reminder of the importance of adequate funding for cleaning services in NHS hospitals, and the impact it has on patient outcomes.