article: Former AC Milan and Italy midfielder Gennaro Gattuso has been placed under investigation for match-fixing, while four more people have been arrested in an early morning police sweep in Italy. Cremon prosecutor Roberto Di Martino, who has been leading the Last Bet operation for three years, confirmed to The Associated Press that Gattuso and retired Lazio player Cristian Brocchi allegedly were part of a ring that fixed Serie A and other Italian matches at the end of the 2010-11 season. The four people arrested are Salvatore Spadaro, Francesco Bazzani, Cosimo Rinci and Fabio Quadri; each of whom allegedly helped connect fixers to players. Hot water: Retired AC Milan midfielder Gennaro Gattuso is under investigation for match-fixing in Italy . Winner: Gattuso made 73 appearances for Italy and won the German World Cup in 2006 . Gattuso's agent has said his client is shocked by the allegations. 'Gennaro is stunned by the news,' Andrea D'Amico told Press Association Sport. 'I spoke to him and he is returning home (to Milan). 'We are remaining calm and we have to be patient and see how the investigation develops. 'However, just because he is under investigation does not mean anything, for all we know this could be just false allegations. 'Sometimes when you are a famous player, it is very easy for your name to appear and to be a target. 'We will wait and see how the situation develops.' Battle-hardened: Walter Smith signed a 19-year-old Gattuso for Scottish club Rangers in 1997 . Controversy: Juventus were relegated from Serie A in 2006 as a result of a match-fixing scandal . More than 50 people have been arrested . in Italy for match-fixing since mid-2011, with matches under . investigation by prosecutors in Cremona, Bari and Naples. Gatusso was one of Milan's most recognisable players of the last decade and won 73 caps for Italy. The 35-year-old has also played for Rangers and was sacked as manager of Palermo in September. Italian police have launched a 'calcioscommesse' investigation into illegal betting, a problem which is not new to Serie A. In . 2006, Juventus were relegated to Serie B for their involvement in the . highest profile betting scandal to hit the game, with Milan, Fiorentina, . Lazio and Reggina also investigated. Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
highlights: Ex-AC Milan, Rangers and Italy midfielder Gennaro Gattuso placed under investigation for match-fixing . Gattuso's agent says his client is 'stunned' by the news . Investigation relates to Serie A and other Italian matches at the end of the 2010-11 season .
id: ab22f1bcb9acb071e00929498e73d6a5ef760cce
chatgpt: Former AC Milan, Rangers, and Italy midfielder Gennaro Gattuso has been placed under investigation for match-fixing, according to sources familiar with the case. The investigation relates to Serie A and other Italian matches at the end of the 2010-11 season. Gattuso, who retired from football in 2013, is one of several individuals being investigated by prosecutors in Cremona, Lombardy. The news of the investigation has come as a shock to Gattuso, according to his agent Andrea D'Amico. Speaking to the Italian news agency Ansa, D'Amico said that his client was "stunned" by the news and had "always conducted himself in an honest and transparent manner". Gattuso won two Champions League titles and two Serie A titles during his time at AC Milan, as well as the World Cup with Italy in 2006. He also played for Rangers in Scotland and Sion in Switzerland. Since retiring, he has been working as a coach, most recently at Napoli. According to Italian media reports, the investigation is focused on a series of matches played at the end of the 2010-11 season, with prosecutors alleging that a number of players and officials were involved in match-fixing. The inquiry is being led by prosecutor Roberto Di Martino, who has previously investigated a number of similar cases in Italian football. The scandal is the latest to hit Italian football, which has been plagued by match-fixing allegations in recent years. Last year, a number of top referees were placed under investigation for allegedly rigging games in Serie A. The allegations prompted a major crackdown by the authorities, with several people being arrested and charged. The investigation into Gattuso and others is ongoing, with no charges yet having been brought. However, if Gattuso is found guilty of match-fixing, he could face a lengthy ban from football and significant damage to his reputation. The news of the investigation has sent shockwaves through the football world, with many expressing their disbelief at the allegations against Gattuso. Fans and commentators alike are now waiting to see how the investigation unfolds, with the possibility of further revelations and charges in the coming days and weeks. All eyes are now on the authorities to see how they respond to the latest scandal to hit Italian football.