article: By . Harriet Arkell . PUBLISHED: . 11:03 EST, 10 April 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 11:31 EST, 10 April 2013 . More young black men die as a result of murder than those killed as a result of suicide, accidents and disease put together, a shocking new article has claimed. The report, by a professor at Florida Atlantic University, showed that murder was 'by far and away' the leading cause of death among young black men. By contrast, the article, published in the April issue of the American Journal of Medicine, revealed, young, non-black men of all ethnicities were also 'by far and away' most likely to die in accidents. A shocking article by Florida Atlantic University physician Charles H Hennekens says the vast majority of young black American men who die do so because of murder . Charles H Hennekens, the report's author, called the findings - and his article - 'the new American tragedy', and described the death of so many young black men by murder as 'a devastating epidemic'. He said black men were six times more like to die as a result of murder and seven times more likely to commit murder than their white counterparts. Dr Hennekens also provided the shocking statistic that while only one-eighth of the American population was black, half of the country's homicide victims are black, giving them a reduced life expectancy of more than six years. Citing figures covering the deaths of young men aged 15-34 between 1999 and 2009, the physician said there were 106,271 homicides, 85% (89,887) of them among men and 49% (52,265) of them among black men. Even in states with relatively low levels of young black men being murdered, the figure still soared above that of those killed in accidents. Dr Hennekens, of FAU's school of medicine, compiled statistics from several sources to write his article. Dr Hennekens says the issue of murders due to gun crime must be addressed by policy-makers (file photos) Dr Hennekens says firearms are a major factor in the murders of young black men - 91 per cent of such murders involve guns . Addressing the issue of firearms, he said 91% of murders among black men were as a result of guns, and said it was the duty of doctors to identify risks to public health and bring their findings to the attention of policy-makers, 'even if the threats are lawful'. He added: 'For example, cigarettes are both lawful and popular, but public health support of laws controlling their exposure to the general population has contributed to the reduction of the premature mortality they cause.' Dr Hennekens said: 'Death is inevitable, but premature death is not, including among young black men.'
highlights: Article entitled A New American Tragedy says most non-black men die in accidents . Its author Charles H Hennekens says young black men six times more likely to die as result of murder than their non-black counterparts . Dr Hennekens says nearly all such murders of young black men involve guns . His article published in the April issue of the American Journal Of Medicine .
id: 91955fba48349655e85eb1fdc4d75211c9756c3c
chatgpt: A new article published in the April issue of the American Journal of Medicine sheds light on the disparities in mortality rates between young black men and their non-black counterparts. The author, Charles H. Hennekens, notes that while most non-black men die as a result of accidents, young black men are six times more likely to die as a result of murder. The article, titled "A New American Tragedy," paints a sobering picture of the factors that contribute to this disparity. Dr. Hennekens notes that nearly all such murders of young black men involve guns, a reality that has devastating consequences for families and communities. The statistics are startling. While the mortality rate for non-black men due to accidents is relatively constant across age groups, the rate for young black men skyrockets as they enter their teenage years. This age group is also the most likely to be victims of homicide, with the rate peaking at age 19. Dr. Hennekens argues that this disparity is not due to inherent differences between black and non-black individuals, but rather the result of structural inequalities that pervade American society. Factors such as poverty, lack of access to healthcare, and systemic racism all play a role in shaping these outcomes. The article also calls into question the notion that accidents are an unavoidable part of life. Dr. Hennekens notes that many accidental deaths can be prevented through measures such as education, safety regulations, and public health campaigns. Overall, "A New American Tragedy" is a powerful call to action for policymakers and citizens alike. Dr. Hennekens urges us to confront the factors that contribute to this disparity head-on, and to work together to prevent unnecessary loss of life. As he notes in the article's conclusion, "We have the power to make a difference. Let us not stand idly by as more young black men fall victim to this tragedy." It's a lesson that we would do well to remember as we confront the challenges of our time.