article: By . Ashley Collman . PUBLISHED: . 09:29 EST, 7 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 13:23 EST, 7 October 2013 . The last time anyone heard from 30-year-old Tommy Eastep was on July 7, when he was spending the Independence Day weekend on Lake Eufaula in Oklahoma. But Tommy never returned home to Blanchard, Oklahoma and his family has been looking for him ever since. Late last month, a break in the case came with the discovery of Tommy's silver 4X4 Chevy pick-up truck north of Holdenville, OKlahoma. Where is he? Tommy Eastep was last seen spending the Fourth of July weekend at Lake Eufaula, Oklahoma, but he never returned home to Blanchard . Tracking Tommy: Late last month, Tommy's car was found in a rural area north of Holdenville, Oklahoma after he went missing on July 7 from Eufaula Lake . Tommy's debit card and driver's license were inside the locked truck, as well as $70 on the console. Yesterday, his family drove out to Hughes County to search for any sign of Tommy around his truck. They drove through the wooded areas on four-wheelers, and cadaver dogs were brought in - but there was still no sign of their son. Tommy's brother Clint Eastep came up from Texas yesterday to aid in the search. 'We're hoping that maybe he's alive somewhere here in the area,' Clint told News 9 Oklahoma. 'We don't really know.' 'We've just been searching for clothing, a cell phone because he does have his cell phone on him,' he said. Looking for clues: Tommy's brother Clint, left, drove up from his home in Texas to join the search near Holdenville yesterday . Abandoned: Tommy's truck was discovered late last month in a rural area north of Holdenville, Oklahoma. The truck was locked and had Tommy's debit card, driver's license and $70 dollars inside . Friends joined the search as well as local strangers. Hughes County Sheriff Kenny Snyder was there saying: 'We don't know why he was even this area really.' The family plans to continue searching the area for any possible clues. 'We all want closure either way,' Clint said. The family will be looking for Tommy against next Saturday, and invite anyone willing to help to join them. Information on future search parties can be obtained on Tommy's missing person page on Facebook.
highlights: Tommy Eastep, 30, went missing on July 7 after spending the Independence Day holiday at Lake Eufaula in Oklahoma . He never returned to his home in Blanchard, and his family has been searching for him ever since . Last month, Tommy's truck was found parked in a rural area north of Holdenville with his debit card and driver's license locked inside . Search parties and cadaver dogs have searched the area around the truck - but haven't found any sign of Tommy .
id: 0aa3eafd99627969b8690579afdeed2232da1ec0
chatgpt: Blanchard, Oklahoma - A 30-year-old man, Tommy Eastep, has been missing since July 7 after spending the Independence Day holiday at Lake Eufaula in Oklahoma. His family has been searching for him ever since. Last month, Tommy's truck was discovered parked in a rural area north of Holdenville with his debit card and driver's license locked inside. Search parties and cadaver dogs have combed the area around the truck, but haven't found any sign of Tommy. The family and investigators are puzzled by Tommy's disappearance, and they don't have many leads. His family is convinced that Tommy wouldn't have abandoned his truck and walked away, as he was very attached to it. According to the family and friends, Tommy had no enemies, had never been involved in any criminal activity, and didn't have any financial troubles. Adding to the mystery, Tommy's phone and wallet have not been found. His family fears the worst, as Tommy had a heart condition that required medication, and he did not have his medication with him when he disappeared. Tommy's family is hoping that someone will come forward with information that will lead to his whereabouts. They have been putting up posters around the area where his truck was found and have been spreading the word about his disappearance on social media. The family has also set up a GoFundMe page to help with the search effort. The campaign has already raised tens of thousands of dollars, and the funds are being used to hire private investigators and search teams to continue searching the surrounding areas. The Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigation is also involved in the case, and they have been working closely with the family to try and piece together what may have happened to Tommy. Investigators say they are not ruling out any possibilities, but they are currently investigating Tommy's disappearance as a missing person's case. His family remains hopeful that Tommy will be found safe and alive, but they are also prepared for the worst. If anyone has any information about Tommy's whereabouts, please contact the Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigation or the family directly. Tommy's family is not giving up and will continue to search for him until he is found.