article: (CNN) -- For a man dubbed "The Big Easy," Ernie Els isn't putting his feet up anytime soon. One of the most successful golfers in the world, the 42-year-old boasts an incredible three major championship crowns and nearly 70 wins in a stellar career spanning 22 years. But far from basking in his golfing glory, the South African is throwing his weight -- and his millions -- behind an important cause close to his heart. The former world No. 1's son Ben was diagnosed with autism five years ago, and Els plans to open a world-leading research and education center -- "something the world's never seen before." "We have one child in our family with autism. I've seen families with three kids with autism and I want to tell you it must be one of the hardest things in the world because just to do your normal, everyday life stuff must be almost impossible," he told CNN. "He's nine years old and he's not speaking yet. He goes to a very good school in Florida. That's another thing that's lacking around the world, is education for autistic children. That's why we moved from England to go to Florida for proper treatment for him." Until recently, Els had remained private about his family life. Now he's using his status -- winning the U.S. Open in 1994 and 1997 and the British Open in 2002 -- to help fund the Els for Autism Foundation in Florida. Since 2009, he has been hosting golf tournaments to raise money for his dream center. It will be based in the U.S. but it is hoped its programs and research will help autistic children around the world. Els has so far raised around $25 million towards the project, but is still $5 million short of his target for construction. And the man who topped the European Tour's money list in 1993 and 1994, and is nicknamed for his six-foot-three-inch frame and seemingly effortless golf swing, hasn't limited his enterprises to autism research. Giving it back: Els' off-course passions . Els' golf foundation, now in its 13th year, was established to help under-privileged kids take up a sport unaffordable to most in his native South Africa. He also contributes to the economy of the Cape region where he grew up, investing in a wine and restaurant business plus an award-winning golf resort that he helped design. So while Els has spent most of his life carving a name for himself as one of the best golfers in the world, he says he now wants to be remembered for dedicating the rest of it to autism research.
highlights: Former world No. 1 Ernie Els is throwing his support behind ambitious autism center . The South African golfer hopes the foundation in Florida will be the best in the world . He is inspired by his son Ben, who was diagnosed with autism as a four-year-old . Two-time U.S Open winner still needs to raise $5 million to reach his $30 million target .
id: 5521f32287aded36ea78237dfc716de833737433
chatgpt: Former world No.1 golfer Ernie Els has announced that he is throwing his full support behind an ambitious new autism center in Florida. Els, who himself won two U.S. Open titles in his illustrious career, has revealed that he hopes the foundation will go on to become the best autism center in the world. Els' inspiration for the center comes from his own personal experience, as his son Ben was diagnosed with autism when he was just four years old. Since the diagnosis, Els and his wife Liezl have been passionate advocates for autism research, and they founded the Els for Autism foundation back in 2009. The new autism center in Florida will be a major flagship project for the Els for Autism foundation, and will provide much-needed support and resources for children on the autism spectrum. The ambitious $30 million project is still shy of its funding target by $5 million, but Els is confident that he can attract the necessary investment in order to make the center a reality. Speaking about his hopes for the center, Els stated: "I want this to be the best autism center in the world. We want to create success stories, and we want to bring hope to families who might feel hopeless right now." Els' passion for the project is rooted in his belief that more needs to be done to support children with autism, and to educate the public about the condition. He believes that the center in Florida can be a catalyst for change, and that it will help to raise awareness about autism on a global scale. For Els, the project is particularly personal due to his son Ben's autism diagnosis. He has spoken openly about the challenges that the family faced in initially understanding the condition, but also about how important it is to seek out the right support and resources. Els hopes that the center will provide much-needed resources for families dealing with autism, and will help to empower children on the spectrum to achieve their full potential. He is determined to raise the remaining $5 million needed for the project, and is calling on the public to get involved and to support his vision. With the backing of one of golf's most iconic players, the new autism center in Florida is sure to attract a lot of attention. But for Els and his family, the project is about much more than just golf - it's a chance to create real change and to help children on the autism spectrum to thrive.