article: Police have launched a murder investigation after a father of three was shot dead, after confronting two robbers as he closed his business for the night. Pragaret Singh, 35, was shot in the chest and abdomen as he left Manchester Food Traders in Openshaw, Greater Manchester, just after 6pm on Friday. Detectives said Mr Singh, known to friends as Charlie, was believed to have grappled with at least one of the men. Police have launched a murder investigation after father-of-three Pragaret Singh was shot dead outside his business in Openshaw, Greater Manchester, on Friday evening . Armed police who attended the scene found Mr Singh lying in the road. He was taken to Manchester Royal Infirmary but pronounced dead at 7.30pm. Mr Singh, who had children aged two, five and seven, had run the wholesale food firm on the Manchester industrial estate for more than 15 years. The victim’s brother, known as Tiggy, said Mr Singh ‘worked 24 hours a day’ to provide for his wife Sukhwinder and children. ‘He was robbed of his life. He was happy, jolly and full of life – he never said anything bad about anyone. ‘He was the kind of person who’d go out of his way to help anyone in need. They could have shot him in the leg, they could have hit him with a stick – but instead they shot him twice. ‘He’s the kind who probably would have put up a fight. He was fit and full of life.’ Detectives said Mr Singh, known to friends as Charlie, was believed to have grappled with at least one of the robbers . Police described one of the attackers as black, in his 20s or 30s, with spiky knotted hair, clean shaven, tall slim build and wearing a jacket with the sleeves rolled up. They are appealing for information about the movements of a small silver car, possibly a Vauxhall, which may have been used by the thieves. Detective Superintendent Jon Chadwick, of Greater Manchester Police, said: ‘His family are absolutely and utterly distraught and our thoughts are with them. ‘We believe this is the tragic death of an innocent businessman and father of three simply trying to protect his livelihood from criminals. ‘As a result, Charlie’s entire family have suffered an unimaginable loss.’ Police said the robbers made off with a ‘large amount of money’. Anyone with information should call police on 101 or Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
highlights: Police launch murder investigation after father of three shot dead . Pragaret Singh was shot in the chest and abdomen on Friday evening . Detectives say Mr Singh, 35, grappled with raiders as he closed business . He was found lying in the street and was later pronounced dead in hospital . Victim's brother says Mr Singh worked '24 hours a day' to provide for family .
id: 4ff789289ea33577b816fe671ae021c8efda50d8
chatgpt: In a shocking incident, a father of three was shot dead in the streets of a town in the early hours of Saturday. The victim, identified as Pragaret Singh, was shot in the chest and abdomen on Friday evening as he closed down his business for the day. The police have launched a murder investigation into the matter and are suspecting that the incident could have been a targeted attack. According to the detectives, Singh was grappling with the raiders when he was shot. He was found lying in the street and was rushed to the hospital, where he was later pronounced dead. The incident has left the community in shock and disbelief. Singh's family has been devastated by the news of his untimely death. Speaking to the media, Singh's brother revealed that his brother was a hard-working man who worked "24 hours a day" to provide for his family. He also said that the family was struggling to come to terms with the loss and were devastated by the incident. He urged the police to bring the culprits to justice and to ensure that such incidents do not happen again. The police have stepped up their investigation and are appealing to anyone who may have information about the incident to come forward. They are also reviewing the CCTV footage from the area in the hopes of identifying the suspects. The police have assured the public that they are doing everything in their power to solve the case and to make sure that justice is served. The incident has once again brought to the forefront the issue of rising crime rates in the area. The community has expressed its concerns about the safety of residents and has called on the authorities to take measures to improve the security situation in the town. The incident has also highlighted the need for greater support for small business owners who often become targets of criminals. The loss of Pragaret Singh has left his family and friends devastated. They have described him as a kind and generous man who was always willing to help others. The community has come together to mourn the loss and to offer support to the Singh family during this difficult time. In conclusion, the murder of Pragaret Singh has shocked the community and has left his family devastated. The police have launched a murder investigation and are doing everything in their power to bring the culprits to justice. The incident has also raised concerns about rising crime rates in the area and the need for greater support for small business owners. The community has come together to mourn the loss and to offer support to the Singh family during this difficult time.