article: By . Emily Davies . PUBLISHED: . 22:34 EST, 18 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 05:57 EST, 19 December 2013 . Tony Booth, the actor and father of Cherie Blair has been battling Alzheimer’s disease for nearly a decade, his wife revealed last night. Mr Booth was diagnosed with dementia in 2004 and his fourth wife Stephanie said she is struggling to care for him as his condition worsens. It became clear Mr Booth was suffering from Alzheimer’s when he became  forgetful and suffered short-term memory loss. Tony Booth is being cared for by wife Stephanie (left) who says Cherie (right) is a 'constant source of support' Illness: Mr Booth was diagnosed in 2004 and wife Stephanie said she is struggling to care for him . The effects of the condition made it impossible for Mr Booth, who played ‘Scouse Git’ Mike Rawlins in the 1960’s and 1970’s sit-com Till Death Do Us Part, to learn scripts, Mrs Booth said. She wrote in the Irish Times: ‘We are at the stage where he cannot look after himself. Tony’s forgetfulness is now the greatest threat to his safety. ‘There are dark times when I feel I can no longer cope. It is hard to repeat the same answer again and again as if each time were the first response to the question.’ ‘Tony is leaving me and I will not get him back. Hopefully, we are still some way off Tony completely retreating into the hinterland of his mind. Sometimes I wonder if reaching that final stage might not actually be a blessing for him. ‘He is aware of what is happening and can become very frustrated. These are the hardest times for me.’ Memory: It was clear Mr Booth (pictured left with Cherie) has Alzheimer's when he became forgetful . Mrs Blair, the QC wife of former Prime Minister Tony Blair, travels from her London home to West Yorkshire at least one day a week to spend the night with her 82-year-old father. She is Mr Booth’s daughter from his first marriage to Gale Howard. In 1998, he married Mrs Booth, who used to be a regular columnist for the Irish Times. Mrs Booth described Mrs Blair as a ‘constant source of support’ and added: ‘She looks after her dad regularly, so I can have a break.’ Mr Booth was also known for featuring in the L-Shaped Room in 1962 and more recently for his role in The Contender in 2000. The news of his illness comes one week after the G8 summit in London where David Cameron pledged to lead a ‘global fightback’ against dementia. He promised to double funding of research into dementia by 2025 in order to tackle it as HIV and AIDS had been in previous years. He said dementia ‘steals lives’ and ‘wrecks families’.
highlights: Mr Booth was diagnosed with dementia in 2004 . Wife Stephanie said she is struggling to care for him . The effects of the condition made it impossible for him to learn scripts .
id: f06ee0e7bc1b80049113f9138f7670ee4b029b2f
chatgpt: Mr. Booth, a well-known actor, was diagnosed with dementia back in 2004. Since then, his wife Stephanie has been his primary caregiver. However, Stephanie recently revealed in an emotional interview that she is struggling to care for her husband as his condition worsens. The effects of dementia have made it impossible for Mr. Booth to learn new scripts, which has greatly impacted his ability to continue his work as an actor. Stephanie expressed her deep sadness at seeing her husband's once-brilliant mind deteriorate over time. "It's heartbreaking to see the man I love struggle with something like this. He was always so sharp, so quick-witted. Now, he can barely remember his lines from one day to the next," Stephanie said. She went on to describe the toll that caring for Mr. Booth has taken on her own health and wellbeing. "It's a full-time job looking after someone with dementia. I'm exhausted, physically and emotionally. And the worst part is, I know it's only going to get harder from here." Stephanie's story is tragically familiar to many others who are caring for loved ones with dementia. According to the Alzheimer's Association, there are currently more than 6 million Americans living with dementia, and that number is expected to double by 2050. Experts say that caring for someone with dementia can be incredibly challenging, both physically and emotionally. The disease can cause personality changes, mood swings, and even aggressive behavior in some cases. It can also be isolating for caregivers, who often have to sacrifice their own social lives and hobbies to care for their loved ones. Despite the difficulties she faces, Stephanie remains committed to caring for her husband. She said that she takes comfort in the fact that she is able to provide him with the love and support he needs during this difficult time. "I may not be able to take away his dementia," Stephanie said, "but I can make sure he knows he's loved and cared for. And that's worth everything to me." The story of Mr. Booth and his wife Stephanie serves as a reminder of the challenges faced by those living with dementia and their caregivers. It also highlights the importance of research into this devastating disease, as well as support for those who are directly affected by it. As the number of people living with dementia continues to rise, it is crucial that we find new ways to support caregivers like Stephanie, who are doing the hard and often thankless work of caring for someone they love. Only then can we hope to truly overcome this disease and find a cure.