article: Roy Keane has spoken to Celtic owner Dermot Desmond about the vacant manager’s job. Republic of Ireland coach Martin O’Neill said on Thursday night that he had given Desmond permission to speak to his assistant. While the appointment has yet to be confirmed, O’Neill appears to have accepted that Keane is poised to succeed Neil Lennon at Celtic Park, though former West Brom boss Steve Clarke is also a contender. VIDEO Scroll down to Look back at Roy Keane being unveiled as Ireland assistant manager . Informal chat: Ireland boss Martin O'Neill says Keane has spoken with Celtic owner Dermot Desmond . New job: Roy Keane, the Ireland assistant manager, is set to be named as the new Celtic boss . Still got it: Keane on the ball during an Ireland training session ahead of Saturday friendly with Italy in London . O’Neill said: ‘I had a call  the other . day from Dermot  Desmond wanting to speak to Roy if it was at all . possible, and I mentioned it to Roy, of course. 'A club like Celtic might not come around . too often. It was just a really informal chat, but if you are asking me . would I be really disappointed? Of course, if Roy was to leave us.’ It . was Desmond who brokered the deal which saw Keane become O’Neill’s . assistant with the Republic of Ireland. O’Neill has stayed on friendly . terms with the millionaire since his own  successful spell as Celtic . boss. Bookies stopped taking bets on Keane, 42, who has not been in . club management since he was sacked by Ipswich in 2011 after two . disappointing seasons. He cut his teeth at Sunderland, but he resigned after falling out with then chairman Niall Quinn and owner Ellis Short. Since . then Keane, who had a six-month spell with Celtic at the end of his . playing career, has carved out a career as a tough-talking football . pundit. Last November he agreed to become O’Neill’s assistant with the . Republic of Ireland. The Irish play Italy at Craven Cottage tomorrow . night and O’Neill expects Keane to be alongside him. Celtic said: ‘We are currently continuing discussions with a number of excellent candidates.’ Discussion: Keane talks to manager Martin O'Neill as coaches Steve Guppy and Steve Walford watch on . Pundits: Keane and O'Neill on air for ITV during coverage of a Champions League tie last season . Old Bhoy: Keane played half a season with Celtic after leaving Manchester United in the 2005-2006 campaign . In the frame: Malky Mackay has also been considered as Celtic seek a replacement for Neil Lennon . Shortlist: Owen Coyle, last in employment at Wigan, was also considered by Celtic .
highlights: Ireland boss O'Neil says Keane has had informal chat with Celtic's majority shareholder Dermot Desmond . Flurry of bets placed on Irish assistant manager taking over at Parkhead . Celtic also considered Malky Mackay, Owen Coyle, Oscar Garcia and Henrik Larsson . O'Neill said he would not stand in Keane's way . Steve Walford and Steve Guppy ready to provide coaching back-up for national team . Ireland preparing for friendly with Italy at Craven Cottage on Saturday .
id: e2d05f37e34494a3c7d85551131a2d4edea8720f
chatgpt: Amidst all the speculations, it appears that Roy Keane, the assistant manager of the Irish football team, has held an informal chat with the majority shareholder of Celtic Football Club, Dermot Desmond, signaling potential interest from one of the Irish football's most enigmatic figures in the Scottish club. Celtic has been on the lookout for a new manager following Neil Lennon's exit earlier this year. The club had initially shortlisted four candidates that included Malky Mackay, the former Cardiff City and Wigan Athletic manager, Owen Coyle, the former Burnley and Bolton manager, Oscar Garcia, the former Barcelona player and Maccabi Tel Aviv coach, and the Celtic legend, Henrik Larsson. However, the potential interest from Roy Keane has led to a flurry of bets being placed on the Irish assistant manager taking over at Parkhead. As the speculation continues, Ireland manager Martin O'Neill confirmed that he would not stand in Keane's way if he decides to move to the Scottish Premiership side. Speaking to BBC Sport, O'Neill said, "If this was to happen I think Roy would take it very very seriously. It's a really great club, Celtic Football Club, one of the biggest clubs in the world, so I think they're more than entitled to have a look around." Keane is widely regarded as one of the greatest Irish footballers of all time, having played for the likes of Nottingham Forest, Manchester United, and Celtic during his illustrious career. He has been a part of the Irish setup since 2013 and has been in international management with O'Neill since then. Ireland is preparing for a friendly with Italy at Craven Cottage on Saturday, and Steve Walford and Steve Guppy are ready to provide coaching back-up for the national team. Rumours of Keane's exit from the Irish setup have been doing the rounds for a while now, with the 49-year-old having already been linked with a move to Aston Villa in 2014. While O'Neill suggested that Keane's conversations with Desmond were 'informal,' it remains to be seen if the Irishman's name will feature on Celtic's list of potential managers in the coming weeks. Meanwhile, Celtic's search for a new boss continues, with the club releasing a statement that said, "We would like to make clear that no appointment of a new manager has been made or sought, and that any reports suggesting otherwise are nothing more than speculation and should be treated as such." Overall, it seems that exciting times are ahead for both the Irish national team and Celtic Football Club, with Keane's potential move to Parkhead adding an extra layer of intrigue to the Scottish Premiership side's search for a new manager. As the story unfolds, soccer fans all around the world will be keeping a close eye on any future developments.