article: Mark Hughes believes his old club Chelsea have the strength in depth to win an unprecedented quadruple of the Premier League, Champions League, FA Cup and Capital One Cup. Jose Mourinho's side are top of the table, in the semi-finals of the Capital One Cup, through to the last 16 of the Champions League and face Watford in the FA Cup third round. And Hughes, whose Stoke side host Chelsea on Monday night, admits John Terry could lift all four trophies this season. Chelsea striker Diego Costa (centre) is congratulated by his team-mates after scoring against Hull . Jose Mourinho has led his side into the Capital One Cup semi-finals and last 16 of the Champions League . Asked if winning the quadruple was possible, Hughes said: 'It wouldn't surprise me. 'It's a big ask - a lot of things have to go your way but they are strong enough. You just sense their belief. 'There will be some very good teams who will try and stand in the way but I don't think where we are sat today you could argue that they've got no chance because that would be incorrect. Eden Hazard (right) rises highest to score in Chelsea's 2-0 victory against Hull at Stamford Bridge . Stoke boss Mark Hughes believes his former club Chelsea can win the quadruple this season . 'They have a chance, a better chance than most teams. The talk of winning every trophy, maybe in-house they believe that themselves. It wouldn't surprise me if they did. 'Once they get to a point in the season, around March or April, and if they are still in all competitions, having probably won the League Cup, then they will feel it's a real option for them, a real possibility. 'You wouldn't back against them if they get to that point in the season. It certainly wouldn't surprise me if they won all four.'
highlights: Stoke City host Chelsea at the Britannia Stadium on Monday, KO 8pm . Mark Hughes believes the Blues can win four trophies this season . Chelsea are top of the table and in the semi-final of the Capital One Cup . Jose Mourinho's men are also in the last 16 of the Champions League .
id: f0d1abac08f4ce8f3c28368dd63c9622d75064e4
chatgpt: Stoke City is set to host Chelsea at the Britannia Stadium on Monday evening, with kickoff scheduled for 8 PM. This match promises to be an exciting affair, as the Potters will be looking to put a dent in the Blues' quest for glory this season. Mark Hughes, the Stoke City manager, has spoken about Chelsea's potential to win four trophies this season. With the London club currently topping the Premier League table and in the semi-finals of the Capital One Cup, it's hard to argue against this assessment. Chelsea's impressive run has also seen them progress to the last 16 of the Champions League, making them a strong contender in all competitions they are part of. Despite playing at home, Stoke City will have to bring their A-game on Monday night to contend with Chelsea's impressive form. The Blues have been unstoppable in recent weeks, with wins against Arsenal, Manchester City, and Tottenham Hotspur. They will be looking to continue their winning ways and maintain their lead at the top of the table. However, there is a sense of optimism at Stoke City, as they are unbeaten in their last four Premier League games. A victory against Chelsea would be a huge boost for their campaign, and it would see them move up to seventh in the table. The Potters have some key players who will be hoping to make an impact against Chelsea. Xherdan Shaqiri, Joe Allen, and Peter Crouch will be looking to create opportunities and score goals. Stoke City's defence will also need to be solid to prevent Chelsea's attack, which is led by Diego Costa, from scoring. Chelsea's manager, Jose Mourinho, will be well aware of the threat that Stoke City poses, and he will be looking to field a strong team to secure a victory. The Blues have several weapons at their disposal, including Eden Hazard, Willian, and N'Golo Kante, who have been in fantastic form this season. Overall, Monday's match promises to be an exciting encounter, as both Stoke City and Chelsea will be vying for the three points. It remains to be seen which team will emerge victorious, but one thing is certain: it's going to be a hard-fought battle between two determined sides.