article: A young New York Senate candidate suddenly stepped down from her campaign last night, admitting she had cheated on her husband just this month. Gia Arnold, a 24-year-old mother of three and favourite of the Republican Party's radical right Tea Party faction, announced her decision with a letter posted on Facebook. 'I participated in an extramarital affair beginning in August of this year,' she wrote. 'It was an excuse for an escape from an already declining marriage. Scroll down for video . Libertarian: Gia Arnold has quit the race for New York Senate and admitted to having an affair . 'Escape from a declining marriage': The 24-year-old mother of three had run on a radical right Tea Party ticket . 'I cannot regret the decisions I have made, but I can admit to being happier presently than before. 'It is for my ex husband, my children, my family and friends that I must publicly admit to my actions as I believe honesty and integrity are of utmost importance in life. 'I hope that all [the people] I have disappointed will understand that I am only human and imperfect.' Ms Arnold, from Holley, a farming village in New York's Orleans County, had been running to replace retiring Republican Senator George Maziarz in District 62. Ms Arnold says she separated from her husband after beginning the affair on August 1. She told the Associated Press she decided to publicise her personal difficulties because she had run on a platform of honesty and transparency. While she's suspending her campaign, Ms Arnold says she's not dropping out. Her name will appear on next month's Republican primary ballot and she says that she'll serve if elected. 'Dedicated to integrity': Former supporters accused Ms Arnold of having a different definition of the word . But in light of her surprise admission, she may not be able to count on retaining much support from her former fan base among the radical right Tea Party grouping. The top ranked comment responding to her Facebook post accused her of betraying her supporters. Gordon Thomas wrote: 'All of us who have supported you over the past year from near and far feel like we've been kicked in the gut... but that must pale in comparison to how your family feels. 'You have a funny way of showing "integrity". Our definitions must be different.' 'Free to make choices': Ms Arnold had positioned herself politically as a libertarian conservative . Ms Arnold, from Holley, a farming village in New York's Orleans County, had been running to replace retiring Republican Senator George Maziarz in District 62. She had positioned herself politically as a libertarian conservative. Appropriately in the light of the most recent development, her online manifesto quotes her as saying: 'Individuals should be free to make choices for themselves and to accept responsibility for the consequences of the choices they make [...] . 'Our support of an individual’s right to make choices in life does not mean that she necessarily approves or disapproves of those choices.'
highlights: Gia Arnold, a mother of three, says she began her affair on August 1 . She announced the affair and her quitting on letter posted to Facebook . Supporters turn on her and say they feel 'kicked in the gut'
id: 5906d0729543d9f03353b6e9282c8b59c9f4582d
chatgpt: Gia Arnold, a mother of three from New York, has recently found herself in the midst of a social media storm after she revealed that she had been having an affair. On August 1st, Arnold announced on Facebook that not only had she been having an affair, but that she would also be quitting her campaign for the Republican nomination for the New York State Assembly. Arnold's announcement came as a shock to many of her supporters, who had seen her as a promising candidate for the upcoming elections. However, the news of her affair quickly overshadowed her political ambitions and sparked a wave of backlash on social media. In her post, Arnold wrote: "I, Gia Arnold, do hereby publicly admit to having had an extramarital affair beginning in August of this year. As a consequence of my actions, I am announcing today that I am ending my campaign for New York State Assembly." Arnold's openness about her affair was met with mixed reactions. While some praised her for her honesty and for taking responsibility for her actions, others were quick to denounce her, calling her selfish and accusing her of betraying her supporters. One supporter wrote on Facebook, "I am deeply disappointed by the news regarding Gia Arnold. It feels like a gut punch." Others expressed similar sentiments, with some saying that they felt "betrayed" by Arnold's actions. Despite the backlash, Arnold remains unapologetic about her decision to come clean about her affair. In an interview with The New York Times, she explained that she felt it was important to be honest with her supporters and to take responsibility for her actions. "I want people to know that I'm not perfect," she said. "I made a mistake, and I'm owning up to it." Arnold's decision to drop out of the race has also sparked speculation about who will take her place. Several other Republicans are currently vying for the nomination, and it remains to be seen who will come out on top. However, some of Arnold's supporters have expressed their intention to vote for her regardless of her affair, saying that they believe she is still the best candidate for the job. The fallout from Arnold's announcement has been a reminder of the power of social media in shaping public opinion. As more and more politicians turn to social media to connect with voters, they must also be mindful of the potential pitfalls that come with sharing their personal lives online. For Arnold, the consequences of her affair have been significant. However, she remains determined to move forward and to learn from her mistakes. As she put it in her Facebook post, "I hope that my experience can serve as a cautionary tale to others." In the end, only time will tell what the fallout from Arnold's affair will be. In the meantime, her supporters and opponents alike will be watching closely to see how she moves forward and chooses to live her life in the public eye.