article: A terrorist organisation claiming responsibility for a number of attacks in Pakistan has apparently become the first foreign extremist group to pledge their allegiance to the Islamic State currently wreaking havoc across Syria and Iraq. Tehreek-e-Khilafat has declared it will raise the flag of the Islamic State - formerly known as ISIS - above south Asia and Khurusan, an historical Islamic region comprising parts of Afghanistan, Iran, Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan. The move will be seen to bolster Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, the leader of the Islamic State, who has garnered the nickname ‘the invisible sheikh’ due to his elusive nature. Pakistanie terror group Tehreek-e-Khilafat has declared it will  now support the Islamic State, which has seized vast parts of Syria and Iraq. Pictured, a member loyal to the Islamic State waves a flag in Raqqa, Syria . Described as the world’s most wanted man, militants operating under Baghdadi’s control have spread terror through Syria and Iraq in an attempt to form a new Islamic state in the Middle East. The Sunni fighters, responsible for the brutal slaughter of thousands, have vowed to expand the so-called caliphate to huge swathes of Europe and Africa. Tehreek-e-Khilafat, affiliated with the Pakistani Taliban, said in a statement: 'From today, Sheikh Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi shall consider Tehreek-e-Khilafat and Jihad mujahideen fighters of Pakistan as one of the arrows among his arrows which he has kept for his bow. The move will be seen as a boost for Islamic State leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi . Murderous: Isis fighters force a prisoner to kneel before they execute him in front of a cheering crowd in Iraq . The statement, featured in the Daily Telegraph, added: 'We are praying from the almighty Allah to give us chance in our lives to see the expansion of Islamic State boundaries toward the Sub­Continent and Khurasan region in order to hoist the flag of Islamic State here.' The deadliness of Pakistani terror groups was brought home in March, when gunmen stormed Pakistan's main court complex in Islamabad on Monday, cutting down fleeing lawyers before blowing themselves up in a rampage that killed 11 people. It was the worst terror attack in years . in the capital, which has largely been spared the violence raging in . many parts of the country. Caliphate: A map purportedly showing the areas ISIS plans to have under its control within five years has been widely shared online . Saifullah Mehsud, of the Fata Research Centre which monitors activity in Pakistan's tribal areas, said more groups will now follow Tehreek-e-Khilafa and fall under the Islamic State's influence. He said: 'This seems to be the in thing now. If you monitor social media, as I do, all the talk is about the Islamic State rather than al-Qaeda.' ISIS, as it was known then, was disowned by al-Qaeda in February after defying demands that it stopp its operation in Syria.
highlights: Tehreek-e-Khilafat has now pledged its support to the Islamic State . The group was formerly part of the Pakistani Taliban . It is expected more terror groups will now flock to the Islamic State .
id: bda63d942114fdab5db935584e69098c8303bae8
chatgpt: Tehreek-e-Khilafat, a splinter group of the Pakistani Taliban, has pledged its allegiance to the Islamic State (IS), further boosting the terror outfit's continued expansion into South Asia. This development is a setback for the Pakistani government and its security forces who have been making considerable efforts to combat terrorism in the region. The announcement was made on a social media site used by the group, which has been operational since April 2020. In the statement, Tehreek-e-Khilafat declared its support for the IS and its leader, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, who was killed by US troops in Syria in 2019. Despite Baghdadi's death, the IS continues to pose a significant threat to global security, with its network of affiliates spanning across the Middle East, Africa, and Asia. Tehreek-e-Khilafat has been operating in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan, primarily targeting government installations and security forces. Its decision to align with the IS is a significant development and is expected to attract more militant groups in the region. This could potentially bolster the foothold of the IS in Pakistan and beyond, presenting new challenges to the Pakistani government and other countries in the region. Experts have warned that the rise of extremism in Pakistan is a matter of concern for the entire region, as militant groups operating in the country have a history of destabilizing neighboring countries. The support of groups like Tehreek-e-Khilafat for the IS only adds to this concern. It is believed that the IS could capitalize on the existing networks of militant groups in the region to spread its reach even further. Pakistan has been making efforts to counter terrorism in the country, with the security forces carrying out operations against various militant groups. However, the support for the IS by groups such as Tehreek-e-Khilafat is likely to threaten these efforts, and further weaken the already fragile internal security situation. The decision of Tehreek-e-Khilafat to pledge its allegiance to the IS comes at a time when the world is grappling with the COVID-19 pandemic. The pandemic has diverted the attention and resources of countries across the world to address the immediate threat posed by the virus, giving an opportunity for extremist groups to regroup and reorganize. The international community must take note of these developments and work together to combat the rise of extremism in the region. Countries such as Pakistan, India, and Afghanistan, which have long struggled to contain militant groups, will need the support of the international community to effectively counter this threat. The world cannot afford to let the IS and its affiliates gain any further foothold in the region, as it would pose a significant risk to global security. The support of groups like Tehreek-e-Khilafat only serves to amplify this risk. The international community must remain vigilant and work together to eliminate the threat posed by such extremist groups.