article: Despite repeated police efforts to disperse them, thousands held a sit-in for a third consecutive night in the city's main commercial district to protest a government-backed shopping center project. Police deployed tear gas earlier Thursday at Taksim Gezi Park. They also removed tents and sleeping bags used by protesters, who are trying to prevent bulldozers from entering the park to take down trees. Demonstrators disapprove of plans to rebuild old Ottoman barracks and create a shopping arcade. They are organizing over Facebook and Twitter and by Thursday night the number of people in the park was in the thousands. Their protest has turned into an informal referendum on recent Turkish government policies. "I saw it on TV last night, saw that there were people, young people taking ownership of the environment. I wanted to support them, because I think not supporting them is inhumane," said Adalet Makar, a retired banker who spent Wednesday night at the park in her sleeping bag. The demonstration has grown in number since late Monday. Public outcry over the proposed project, as well as two police interventions against the demonstrators with tear gas, has drawn more people to the park. "Gas, gas, gas, it is the only way they deal with problems," said Esen Tuna, a 21-year-old architectural student. Turkish police routinely use tear gas and water cannons to break up demonstrations. The government led by Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan has made it clear that it will go ahead with the planned project. "They can do whatever they want. We've made our decision and we will do as we have decided," said Erdogan on Wednesday, according to the semi-official Anadolu Agency. Erdogan said that the rebuilding of the Ottoman barracks was a matter of having "respect for history." Critics disagree, arguing that the project is a way for making profit from the sale of valuable real estate in Istanbul's main commercial district. "This cannot be explained by saying this is historical conservation, It is not that, it is about money," said Ece Demirel, an activist with the Urban Movement Forum, an organization that tracks development projects across Turkey. The government's other controversial policies have also come under fire. Erdogan's policy on Syria, which many in Turkey blame for a twin car blast that killed at least 52, as well as a new law that would prohibit vendors from selling liquor from 10 p.m. to 6 a.m., are part of the sit-in at Taksim Gezi Park. Demonstrators have chanted, "this is only the beginning, our struggle will continue." Many at the park said they believe this may be the beginning of a turning point in Turkey. "This is an uprising, a protest against the increasing bans," said Michelle Demishevich, an activist and member of Turkey's Green Party. "Perhaps just like we saw the Arab Spring, this will be the Turkish Spring."
highlights: Demonstrators oppose shopping center in Istanbul . Protesters try to block bulldozers in park . Turkish government vows to go forward with project .
id: 72245f14756077c8ecca4e3b7a32c3895f7e26bc
chatgpt: A proposed shopping center in Istanbul, Turkey has come under fire from demonstrators who are opposed to the project. The issue came to a head recently when protesters attempted to block bulldozers from entering a park in order to make room for the center's construction. Despite the pushback, the Turkish government has made it clear that it intends to go forward with the controversial project. The shopping center, which is slated to be built in Istanbul's Taksim Square, has long been a subject of controversy. Some residents and activists argue that the project will destroy an important public park and cultural center in the heart of the city. The park is home to a number of important historical and cultural sites, including an old Ottoman-era barracks and a statue of Mustafa Kemal Atatürk, the founder of modern Turkey. Opponents of the shopping center have staged a number of public protests and demonstrations, including a recent attempt to block bulldozers from entering the park. Protesters gathered in the park with signs and banners, chanting slogans and attempting to physically stop the bulldozers from moving forward. Police were called in to disperse the protesters, but clashes between the two sides resulted in a number of injuries and arrests. The Turkish government, however, has remained firm in its commitment to the shopping center project. Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan has defended the project as necessary for the city's economic development, arguing that it will create jobs and boost tourism. He has also accused protesters of being part of a wider conspiracy to undermine the government's authority and destabilize the country. Many critics, however, remain skeptical of the government's claims. Some have suggested that the shopping center project is part of a larger pattern of development that favors wealthy investors and ignores the needs of ordinary citizens. Others have argued that the project is emblematic of a deeper cultural divide between secular urbanites and conservative rural residents, who tend to support Erdogan's Islamic-oriented policies. For now, the fate of Taksim Square remains uncertain. Despite the opposition, the government has made it clear that it intends to press forward with the shopping center project. However, protesters have also vowed to keep up the pressure, vowing to continue their demonstrations and civil disobedience until their demands are met. Whether or not the shopping center is ultimately built remains to be seen, but the ongoing conflict over the project has already highlighted deep divisions within Turkish society and raised difficult questions about the future of urban development and public spaces in the country.