article: By . Leesa Smith . The social media world got to see the soft and cuddly side of the ABC on Facebook much to the bemusement of its followers. The moderator of the social media page accidentally shared a personal post about a mother’s guilt when tucking in your children at night which was up for more than 20 minutes before the error was realised. The first comment questioned the post saying ‘Was this meant to be posted to the ABC page? I think someone forgot to log out lol!’, while an amused follower promptly replied with ‘bahahahaha abc fail’. The personal post that was accidentally shared on the ABC's Facebook by the moderator . Some ABC Facebook followers were quite bemused by the error while others were oblivious . But some Reddit followers sympathised with the mistake, after the post was shared on its site, saying they know how it is easily done. ‘As someone who helps to manage a popular humorous Facebook page I can relate. Switching back and forth is a hassle and it's easy to forget,’ one related. While another commented that the error made them feel better in comparison. ‘Oh yeah, I manage a dozen or so pages, and it is easily done. Seeing a really big page do it (and leave it up for over 20 minutes now) definitely makes me feel like less of an idiot.’ When a follower expressed disappointment about not seeing the post before it was taken down another replied commenting that it: 'It was a very popular post, so I knew they'd spot it eventually.' Reddit followers could relate to the easy mistake all too well while another expressed disappointment about not seeing the post before it was taken down . The moderator added their comment when sharing the post by saying they too experienced 'night time grumps' with their kids ’but still, they are so precious to me as well. The way they cuddle sometimes is like a big tight grab.  I guess it’s nice to be so loved.’ Some people seemed oblivious to the mistake with one agreeing that most busy mums could relate to the guilt factor. ‘Mine are grown and yet, my eyes filled and that old familiar feeling of guilt came rushing back whilst reading this,’ one parent said.
highlights: The ABC Facebook moderator accidentally sent a personal post about tucking your children into bed at night . Followers were amused by the mishap with one describing it as 'ABC fail' Others could sympathise with the easy mistake with one saying 'definitely makes me feel like less of an idiot’ While other people seemed oblivious by just commenting on the topic of a mother's guilt over giving enough time for their children .
id: 4f3f8ec7c0d2b1205981e221176edfcc00a9f5f2
chatgpt: In an amusing blunder, an ABC Facebook moderator accidentally posted a personal message while commenting on a recent thread. The post in question was about tucking in your children at night, and while it may have been intended for a personal profile, it ended up on a public forum for all to see. While some followers were amused by the mishap, calling it an "ABC fail," others were sympathetic to the moderator's mistake, saying it made them feel "like less of an idiot." However, some commenters seemed unaware of the confusion, instead focusing on the topic of a mother's guilt over spending enough time with her children. It's a common feeling for many parents, particularly mothers, who often balance demands from work and home life. In today's fast-paced world, it can be challenging to find time to give your child the attention they deserve. With so many factors vying for their attention, it's no wonder that some moms feel guilty when they leave their little ones behind. Despite the love and support of family and friends, feelings of guilt can surface from time to time. Even if a parent is doing everything they can to be present for their children, the stress of daily life can take its toll. It's important for mothers to know that they're not alone in experiencing these emotions. Perhaps the moderator's accidental post can serve as a reminder to prioritize family time, no matter how busy life may get. Tucking in your little ones at night can be a poignant and memorable moment, something that both they and you can cherish for years to come. By making an effort to carve out time in our busy schedules, we can show our children how much we care and give them the attention they so richly deserve. In conclusion, the blunder by the ABC Facebook moderator generated some light-hearted amusement among followers, but it also brought attention to a more serious issue: the struggle for parents to balance work and home life, and overcome feelings of guilt. Perhaps the incident will encourage parents to make more of an effort to find opportunities to be present with their children, no matter how hectic life may become.