article: New York (CNN) -- After more than 40 years in television, Regis Philbin is retiring from the small screen. Philbin, 79, made the announcement Tuesday at the start of the long-running "Live with Regis & Kelly." "This will be my last year on this show ... but there is a time, there is a time that everything needs to come to an end for certain people on camera, especially certain old people," Philbin said. The show, now in its 23rd season in national syndication, began as a local morning show in New York in 1983. Kathie Lee Gifford joined Philbin in 1985 on the show and it debuted three years later nationally as "Live with Regis & Kathie Lee." Gifford left the show in 2000 and Philbin was joined by current co-host Kelly Ripa in 2001. A choked-up Ripa said Tuesday after Philbin's announcement, "I think I can only speak for America and all of us here when I say that it has been a pleasure and a privilege and a dream come true, and I wish I could do something to make you change your mind." No indication was given as to who may co-host with Ripa following Philbin's departure at the end of the year. "It will never be the same, there's only one Reg," said Gifford, who now hosts the fourth hour of NBC's "Today" following her 15-year gig on "Live." Philbin has been plagued in recent years by health issues, including undergoing triple-bypass surgery in 2007 and a hip replacement in 2009. In 2001, he was awarded Daytime Emmys for Outstanding Game Show Host for "Who Wants to be a Millionaire" and Outstanding Talk Show Host for "Live." Philbin got his start in show business as a page for "The Tonight Show," before hosting his own self-titled show out of San Diego from 1961-1965. He served as Joey Bishop's sidekick on "The Joey Bishop Show" and took "A.M. Los Angeles" from low ratings to No. 1 in its local market -- perhaps a preview to his success on daytime TV with "Live." Philbin was inducted into the National Association of Broadcasters Hall of Fame in 2006 and was given the Daytime Emmy Lifetime Achievement Award in 2008. "He's an amazing guy," Gifford said Tuesday of her former co-host. "He is every man to so many people and nobody tells a story like Reg." "He's going to be 80 this coming August and I think he just figures it's time," she added. Philbin and his wife, Joy, have been married for 40 years.
highlights: "This will be my last year on this show," he says on "Live with Regis & Kelly" The show is in its 23rd season in national syndication . Philbin, 79, has had health issues in recent years . "There's only one Reg," says former co-host Kathie Lee Gifford .
id: f38fc02c460d20f24385d20576428be7562cc1d8
chatgpt: After 28 years on the airwaves, beloved television host Regis Philbin announced that he plans to retire from his morning talk show, "Live with Regis & Kelly", at the end of this season. During a segment on the show, Philbin shared the news with his co-host, Kelly Ripa, and the audience. "This will be my last year on this show," Philbin revealed. "It's been a great run, but it's time for me to go. I've been doing this a long time." Philbin, who is 79 years old, has been a fixture on morning television since the 1960s, when he co-hosted "The Joey Bishop Show". He went on to host his own talk show, "The Regis Philbin Show", as well as co-host "Live with Regis & Kathie Lee" for 15 years with co-host Kathie Lee Gifford. Gifford joined the show via phone to express her gratitude for her time with Philbin. "There's only one Reg," Gifford said. "You leave a void that can never be filled." Philbin's announcement comes as no surprise to fans of the show, as the host has had health issues in recent years. In 2007, he underwent triple bypass surgery, and he had a hip replacement in 2009. Last year, he missed a week of shows due to illness, and in January of this year, he had a blood clot removed from his leg. Despite his health struggles, Philbin has maintained his trademark humor and quick wit, which have endeared him to generations of fans. He and Ripa have a playful chemistry on the show, which has helped "Live with Regis & Kelly" maintain its position as one of the most popular morning talk shows in the country. "This is an incredible place to work," Philbin said. "And I'm grateful to everyone who's made this show such a success." As for who will replace Philbin, that remains to be seen. Ripa expressed her sadness at his departure, but said that she respects his decision and is excited for the next chapter of the show. "We're all going to miss him," she said. "But we're excited to see what the future holds." Philbin's retirement marks the end of an era in morning television, and fans of "Live with Regis & Kelly" will undoubtedly be sad to see him go. But his contributions to the show and to the industry as a whole will not be forgotten. As he prepares to leave the show he's called home for nearly three decades, Philbin can take pride in the fact that he's made a lasting impact on the world of television.