article: They may all be acclaimed actresses, but Mia Goth, Imogen Poots and Marine Vacth prove their worth as models too. The trio have been snapped up to front Miu Miu's slick new campaign shot by industry heavyweight, Steven Meisel. The moody shoot, captured in what looks like a hostel, is vintage and cinematic in style. Scroll down for video . Imogen Poots, who made her first acting appearance in an episode of Casualty and found major fame in 28 Weeks Later, stars in the new Miu Miu campaign . Miu Miu called on the best in the business to beautify its campaign stars; hair was coiffed to perfection by Guido Palau and make-up was applied by Pat McGrath. The Italian fashion house, which is part of the Prada family and headed up by Miuccia Prada, has long had a love affair with actresses. Previous silver screen campaign faces have included Lupita Nyong'o, Elizabeth Olsen and Elle Fanning. The three models have been displaying an avid interest in the fashion world since finding fame. Mia Goth, a 21-year-old actress who is dating fellow actor Shia LaBeouf, also stars in the sultry new campaign . Marine Vacth, 23, who took over from Kate Moss as the face of YSL perfumes, also features in the campaign . Poots, who made her first acting appearance in an episode of Casualty and had a non-speaking role in V for Vendetta, attended Miu Miu’s SS14 show at Paris Fashion Week. The 25-year-old, from London, has seen her acting career go from strength to strength since being cast in 28 Weeks Later. She will be starring alongside Dianna Agron and Riley Keough in Bare, in cinemas later this year. Imogen Poots, pictured with James McAvoy, has seen her acting career go from strength to strength since being cast in 28 Weeks Later . Mia, 21, is half-Canadian, half-British and regularly attends Louis Vuitton events. She starred alongside boyfriend Shia LaBeouf in last year's Nymphomaniac film. The Daytime Emmy winner and his  ladylove have been inseparable since meeting on the set. Last month, Mia spoke candidly about her 'boy crush' in a video for British Vogue. When the interviewer asked Goth who was the last person she told I love you to, she smiled and stammered: 'To my boyfriend.' Meanwhile, Marine, 23, who lives in Paris with her boyfriend and their son, took over from Kate Moss as the face of YSL perfumes and has also worked with Chloé. Film director Francois Ozon with sctresses Marine Vacth, left, and Geraldine Pailhas during a photocall for the film Jeune & Jolie at Cannes Film Festival .
highlights: Imogen Poots, 25, hails from London and starred in Casualty . Mia Goth met actor Shia on film set in 2013 and have been dating since . French actress Marine Vacth also stars in cool new shoot . Miu Miu often taps actresses for its campaigns .
id: 076a9b4598143aba0997e0e122fcd74ddcf43b80
chatgpt: Imogen Poots, a 25-year-old British actress and former star of the long-running medical drama series Casualty, is among a number of actresses who have been featured in a stunning new campaign for the high-end fashion house Miu Miu. Also joining Poots in the campaign is Mia Goth, who has been dating actor Shia LaBeouf since they met on the set of the 2013 film Nymphomaniac, and French actress Marine Vacth. Miu Miu, which is the brainchild of renowned designer Miuccia Prada, is known for its hip, trendy, and often edgy clothing designs. The brand has a long history of working with actresses and models to help promote its collections, and this latest campaign is no exception. In fact, it could be argued that bringing together such a talented and diverse group of actresses is one of the most striking and fresh aspects of the campaign. Imogen Poots, who hails from London, has long been regarded as one of the UK's most promising young actresses. She first came to the attention of audiences with her role in the 2006 drama film V for Vendetta, and has since gone on to have a successful career in both film and television. Her appearance in the new Miu Miu campaign is sure to raise her profile even higher, and may well lead to further high-profile fashion and beauty collaborations in the future. Mia Goth, meanwhile, is best known for her performances in films such as A Cure for Wellness and High Life. She is also a regular on the fashion show circuit, having walked the runway for some of the world's top designers. Her relationship with LaBeouf has been the subject of much media attention over the years, but the couple has managed to keep their private lives largely out of the spotlight. Finally, Marine Vacth is a rising star in the world of French cinema. She first gained international attention for her role in the 2013 film Young & Beautiful, and has since gone on to have a number of other critically acclaimed roles. Her appearance in the Miu Miu campaign is sure to introduce her to a wider audience, and could lead to more opportunities for her in the international film world. Overall, the Miu Miu campaign is a triumph of style, creativity, and marketing know-how. By bringing together three of the most promising young actresses working today, the brand has created a campaign that is fresh, exciting, and sure to attract attention. It's further proof that Miu Miu is one of the most innovative and influential fashion brands out there, and that it will continue to be a major force in the world of fashion for many years to come.