article: By . Mail Foreign Service . PUBLISHED: . 16:00 EST, 26 May 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 16:58 EST, 26 May 2013 . Dominique Strauss-Kahn has appeared in public for the first time with his new girlfriend. The disgraced former head of the International Monetary Fund was on the red carpet at Cannes with new companion, Myriam L’Aouffir. It was confirmation that the pair are together, following his split last year from his long-suffering wife of 20 years, Anne Sinclair. Unveiled: Former International Monetary Fund chief Dominique Strauss-Kahn and Myriam L'Aouffir pose on the red carpet as they arrive for a screening in Cannes . Movie date: The couple attended a screening of 'Plein Soleil' during the Cannes Film Festival . The pair were rumoured last September to have started dating but this appearance appeared to be the first public confirmation. They attended  the screening of a French film, Full Sun, starring veteran actor Alain Delon. At 43 years-old, Miss L’Aouffir is 20 years younger than her infamous economist boyfriend. Like Mr Strauss-Kahn, she comes from a Moroccan background, and is also believed to be estranged from her husband, with whom she has two children. She works in marketing. Strauss-Kahn faced a series of accusations over sexual abuse and pimping . Mr Strauss-Kahn last December agreed a financial settlement with the hotel maid whose 2011 allegation of sexual assault forced him to resign from the International Monetary Fund. Strauss-Kahn - once tipped as a Socialist French president - was accused of trying to rape chambermaid Nafissatou Diallo at a Sofitel Hotel in New York. After being held in the city’s notorious Rikers Island prison, criminal charges were dropped. He then returned to France last year only to face accusations of sexually abusing a young French writer. French judges agreed there was a case against Strauss-Kahn, but had to drop it because the alleged attack happened more than a decade ago. Strauss-Kahn was then charged with conspiring with pimps in Lille, northern France, to procure girls for sex parties around the world. His interest in movies may be soon tested however. A film starring Jacqueline Bisset - who plays his former wife - and Gerard Depardieu as Mr Strauss-Kahn which recreates the drama around the 2011 incident is expected to be released later this year. Mr Strauss-Kahn’s New York arrest ultimately destroyed his ambitions for the French presidency. A gifted orator, fluent in English and German, the silver-haired high-flier had been seen as a likely challenger to president Nicolas Sarkozy in the 2012 election, won by Francois Hollande. Common heritage: Like Mr Strauss-Kahn, Miss L'Aouffir comes from a Moroccan background and is also believed to be estranged from her husband . Probes: As well as two sex abuse allegations, he was also accused of conspiring with pimps . Dominique Strauss-Kahn is split from his wife, Anne Sinclair. They are pictured here leaving Manhattan criminal court in January 2011 .
highlights: He appeared in public with new girlfriend Myriam L'Aouffir . In 2011 he reached settlement with maid in sexual assault allegation . He was forced to quit the IMF as a result of the accusation .
id: 24c5ec2d1209b56f910bc16cc37b63b83c326afe
chatgpt: Former International Monetary Fund (IMF) chief, Dominique Strauss-Kahn, has made public appearances with his new girlfriend, Myriam L'Aouffir, despite a scandalous sexual assault allegation that forced him to resign from his position in 2011.  After reaching a settlement with the maid who accused him of sexual assault, Strauss-Kahn has kept a relatively low profile, until now. The two were recently photographed attending an event in Paris, sparking media attention and criticism from some. The accusation against Strauss-Kahn not only shook the IMF, but it also tarnished his reputation and put his political ambitions on hold. Strauss-Kahn was widely seen as a potential presidential candidate for France before the allegation surfaced.  Since then, he has faced numerous legal battles, including charges of rape in France, which were eventually dropped, and a lawsuit in New York, which was settled out of court.  Despite the controversy that has surrounded him, Strauss-Kahn appears to be moving on with his personal life. His new girlfriend, L'Aouffir, is a French businesswoman of Moroccan descent. The couple reportedly met at a conference in Marrakech, and have been dating ever since. The appearance of Strauss-Kahn and L'Aouffir together has been met with mixed reactions. Some have criticized Strauss-Kahn for his behavior and questioned L'Aouffir's decision to be with him. Others see it as a sign that Strauss-Kahn is trying to move on from the scandal and reclaim his public image. Strauss-Kahn has maintained his innocence throughout the legal battles and settled the case with the maid out of court. Some have argued that the settlement was an admission of guilt, while others have defended him and accused the maid of fabricating the story. The controversy surrounding Strauss-Kahn highlights the challenges of navigating personal relationships in the public eye, particularly when there are allegations of misconduct or criminal activity. Strauss-Kahn's political ambitions have been derailed, and his reputation has been irreparably damaged. As Strauss-Kahn seeks to move forward with his life, the media spotlight and public opinion will likely continue to be a challenge. However, his appearance with L'Aouffir may be a signal that he is ready to face the public again and rebuild his career and reputation. Only time will tell if he can overcome the damage done by the sexual assault allegations and resume his place in the public eye.