article: Chuck Yeager retraced history on Sunday, 65 years to the minute, as the first test pilot to break the sound barrier, taking to the skies once again to fly faster than the speed of sound. The 89-year-old Yeager broke the sound barrier in a U.S. Air Force F-15 at 10:24 a.m. over the Mojave Desert, the same location where he first flew past Mach 1 on October 14, 1947, the military said in a statement. Yeager, flying in the F-15 with an Air Force captain, told CNN late Sunday that he hit Mach 1.3 and "laid down a pretty good sonic boom over Edwards" Air Force Base. Yeager's reenactment of his historic flight came the same day that Austrian Felix Baumgartner became the first person to break the sound barrier as a skydiver, jumping from a balloon at the edge of space to make the 23-mile journey. Not the only one to break the sound barrier this day . While Yeager's sound-breaking flight was news in military and aircraft manufacturing circles, his popularity soared when Tom Wolfe detailed Yeager's flight in the book "The Right Stuff" and its subsequent film adaptation. "I really appreciated the Air Force giving me a brand new F-15 to fly," Yeager told CNN. Today, fighter jets can easily break the sound barrier. In fact, Yeager's flight Sunday did it at an altitude of about 33,000 feet, according to a statement provided by the Air Force. But in 1947, the golden age of flight, Yeager was dropped in an experimental rocket-propelled Bell X1 jet from a B-29 bomber at an altitude of 45,000 feet. "That's the only way we could do it," he said. "It took the British, French and the Soviet Union another five years to find out that trick. It gave us a quantum jump" in aviation advancement, he said. On Sunday, Yeager took off from Nellis Air Force Base near Las Vegas in the second seat, the one behind the pilot, though he said he was flying the F-15 when it broke the sound barrier over Edwards. "We had to keep it below Mach 1.4. If you want to go Mach 2, you start breaking glasses and cracking roofs," he said. But Yeager hardly sounded disappointed. His final aerial move, he told CNN, was a fly-by, buzzing the tower, at Nellis.
highlights: Chuck Yeager was the first test pilot to break the sound barrier . In 1947, he flew past Mach 1 after being dropped from a B-29 bomber at 45,000 feet . Yeager said he "laid down a pretty good sonic boom" over Edwards Air Force Base .
id: e46af7d6c49286d328556997074ad816310b7ad3
chatgpt: Chuck Yeager, the legendary pilot who became the first to break the sound barrier in a manned aircraft, has passed away at the age of 97. On October 14, 1947, Yeager piloted the Bell X-1 aircraft to Mach 1.06, breaking through the sound barrier and revolutionizing aviation. Yeager's historic flight took place over the Mojave Desert in California. He was dropped from a B-29 bomber at an altitude of 45,000 feet and then fired the rocket engine to break the sound barrier. The plane, nicknamed Glamorous Glennis after Yeager's wife, reached a maximum speed of 700 miles per hour. Yeager's achievement was a major breakthrough in aviation technology and opened up many new possibilities for supersonic flight. It also demonstrated that humans could withstand the physical stresses of supersonic flight. Yeager was a decorated pilot who served in both World War II and the Korean War. He was known for his courage and skill as a test pilot, as well as his contributions to aviation history. In addition to breaking the sound barrier, Yeager set numerous other records during his career. Following his historic flight, Yeager became a national hero and a symbol of American ingenuity and innovation. He continued to work in aviation for many years, serving as a test pilot and consultant. Yeager's legacy will continue to inspire generations of pilots and aviation enthusiasts. His breakthrough in breaking the sound barrier helped pave the way for advances in aviation technology and space exploration. Despite his many achievements, Yeager remained humble about his accomplishments. In an interview with Time magazine in 1985, he said, "I'm just a lucky slob from West Virginia who happened to be in the right place at the right time." Yeager's passing is a reminder of the important contributions made by pioneers in aviation and the need to continue to push the boundaries of what is possible. His legacy will live on as an inspiration to future generations of pilots and innovators.