article: When it comes to being faithful and monogamous, there isn't a difference in the sexes, one psychology expert believes. While it's often thought that men are more promiscuous than women, Christopher Ryan, a PhD of psychology and co-author of the book Sex at Dawn, told a TED conference this week that in terms of evolution, there's no reason why this should be the case. 'We need to move beyond 'men are from Mars and women are from Venus,' he said. 'The truth is that men are from Africa and women are from . Africa.' Monogamy is not normal: Men and women are naturally promiscuous according to a psychology expert . Ryan said humans are the most genetically related to chimps and bonobos than they are to any other primate - and as a result our sexual natures are also similar. Ryan pointed out that bonobos are famous for their sexual promiscuity. Like humans, they are among the only animals that have sex face-to-face and the males have external testicles. Evolution: Humans are genetically very similar to the Bonobo . Ryan said it is this that means the males are promiscuous: 'External testicles are like having an extra fridge in the garage for beer. If you’re the kind of guy that has a beer fridge, you expect a party to happen at any moment,' he joked. He said that female bonobos are just as equipped to have sex at any given moment because they are capable of engaging in sex for 90 per cent of their menstrual cycle. Another similarity is that humans, chimps and bonobos don't just use sex for reproductive purposes - but as a form of bonding. But chimps and bonobos don't restrict their bonding to just one partner for life as many humans have been encouraged to do. Thus Ryan believes monogamy is not hardwired in either men or women. He said sexual exclusivity came later with monogamy in many societies becoming the ideal way in which to raise a family. Ryan said this was particularly reinforced in the 'prudish' Victorian era. Ryan notes that while monogamy has now become an accepted and 'right' way of life in many societies today where we are conditioned to believe that being faithful is natural, in fact, our primal urges are to be promiscuous. Or as Ryan phrases it: 'Just because you have chosen to be a vegetarian, doesn’t mean that bacon stops smelling good.'
highlights: Christopher Ryan told conference 'we need to move beyond men are from . Mars and women are from Venus' He said 'the truth is that men are from . Africa and women are from . Africa' He compared humans to chimps and bonobos who are promiscuous and have sex to bond as well as reproduce . He added monogamy is a state imposed by society, not a genetic disposition .
id: 581fae6aede5a635e84cf916cc343d021342b2c3
chatgpt: Expert psychotherapist and bestselling author Christopher Ryan has shaken up traditional notions of gender differences, arguing that men and women are not from different planets. Speaking at a conference on human sexuality, Ryan insisted, "we need to move beyond the idea that men are from Mars and women are from Venus. The truth is that men are from Africa and women are from Africa."  Ryan went on to compare humans with chimpanzees and bonobos, two species of primates believed to be our nearest genetic relatives. He noted that these animals engage in sexual activity for pleasure and social bonding, not just procreation. According to Ryan, monogamy is a concept imposed by society, not a genetic disposition.  Ryan is the co-author of the New York Times bestseller "Sex at Dawn", which argues that monogamy is a relatively recent social construct, and that humans were originally adapted to be non-monogamous. The book has been praised for its thought-provoking analysis of human sexuality and relationships. Over the years, Ryan has developed a reputation as a controversial figure in the world of psychology and sexuality. He has been criticized by some scientists and academics who argue that his theories are not supported by scientific evidence. However, his ideas have also gained a following among those who believe that traditional notions of gender and sexuality are outdated. Ryan's talk at the conference has sparked a lively debate about the evolution of human sexuality and the role of monogamy in modern society. Many attendees praised Ryan for challenging conventional ideas about gender and sexuality, while others expressed skepticism about his theories. Some experts have pointed out that while Ryan's arguments are interesting, they do not necessarily reflect the complex reality of human relationships. Monogamy, they argue, is not simply a social construct, but a deeply ingrained part of human biology and psychology. Despite the controversy surrounding his ideas, Ryan remains a respected voice in the field of psychotherapy and sexuality. His work has sparked important debates about the nature of human relationships and has challenged outdated stereotypes about gender and sexuality. As our understanding of human biology and psychology continues to evolve, it is likely that Ryan's ideas will remain an important part of the conversation about human sexuality and relationships.