article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 19:26 EST, 27 August 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 19:26 EST, 27 August 2013 . Naomi Watts: 'I'd watch again and again' She has already claimed she was given permission from beyond the grave by Diana to play her in a new film. Now Naomi Watts has revealed she was so determined to make her portrayal of the Princess of Wales perfect that she became obsessed with her controversial Panorama interview with Martin Bashir. Miss Watts, 44, has admitted she repeatedly watched the 1995 programme – even while she exercised. ‘I ran the Martin Bashir TV interview so often that it got to the point where I was watching it on my iPhone while I was out jogging,’ she told Hello! magazine. ‘I had five minutes of her walk, five minutes of her wave, five minutes of her laugh that I’d watch again and again. ‘She laughed a lot, actually, and had a cheeky sense of humour and would crack jokes you wouldn’t expect a princess to crack.’ The film Diana, which is released next month, focuses on the 18-month relationship the princess – who died in 1997 – had with Pakistan-born heart surgeon Hasnat Khan, following her separation and divorce from Prince Charles. ‘He was someone she trusted right away,’ Miss Watts said. ‘She was fascinated by his mind. ‘He was clever and traditional. She knew he was never going to exploit her. 'People would always be following her: but she did end up finding a connection with this one man. And I think that, despite the tragedy, that’s an uplifting story. Playing the Princess was, says Watts, her hardest ever role. ‘I kept wondering to myself “Would she like it?”,’ she reveals. ‘So I found myself constantly asking for her permission to carry on. 'I had saturated myself with Diana and her life and I felt this enormous responsibility of playing this iconic woman. Looks familiar: Prasanna Puwanarajah plays Martin Bashir in his famous interview of Diana in the film, Diana, which will be released next month . ‘It felt like I was spending a lot of time with her. There was one particular moment when I felt her permission was granted. That won’t sound right in print, I know.’ Miss Watts, whose previous film roles have included The Impossible and Mulholland Drive, said she also feared that she was not physically similar enough to Diana.
highlights: Actress watched 1995 Martin Bashir interview 'while I was out jogging' Naomi Watts claims Diana 'visited' her to give permission to play her in new film, Diana . Miss Watts admits she felt she didn't look right for the part .
id: c3a2d59d9b389e8264d80ea598446522f0abc37e
chatgpt: Actress Naomi Watts has revealed in an interview that she watched the 1995 Martin Bashir interview with Princess Diana while out jogging. Watts stated that Diana "visited" her and gave her permission to play her in the new film, Diana.  In the upcoming biopic, Watts portrays the late Princess of Wales during the final two years of her life. In preparation for the role, Watts watched a lot of footage of Diana, including the infamous interview with Bashir. When asked about the interview, Watts admitted that it was one of the most significant moments in Diana's life and felt that it was essential to view it. While reflecting on the project and the role she was assigned to play, Watts admitted to feeling insecure about her appearance not resembling the late Princess's likeness. However, after some time, she stated that she felt more confident in her portrayal and felt that she had done Diana justice. Interestingly, Watts claims that Diana came to her in a dream and gave her permission to play her in the film. She stated that she was out jogging when the visitation occurred, and she felt the Princess's presence with her. While some might find such claims intense or even ominous, Wiggle News notes that Watts found comfort in it and felt that she was doing the right thing by portraying the late Princess.  The upcoming biopic Diana directed by Oliver Hirschbiegel is set to portray the final two years of Princess Diana's life, from her divorce from Prince Charles to her tragic death in 1997. The film's casting process drew a fair share of headlines, and Watts' portrayal of the much-beloved Princess has raised some curiosity among fans. In conclusion, it seems that Watts took her role very seriously and went to great lengths to prepare herself for the part. Her claim of Diana visiting her in her dream might seem like an unusual experience, but it seemed to have brought Watts the confidence she needed to portray the iconic Princess accurately. Fans of the late Princess will undoubtedly be eager to see how Watts handles the role, and whether her portrayal can do justice to one of the world's most beloved figures.