article: (CNN) -- At least 158 people have been killed since fighting broke out earlier this month between separatist rebels and soldiers in the Philippines, state news reported Wednesday. The majority of those killed, 125, were militants from the Moro National Liberation Front (MNLF), the government-run Philippines News Agency (PNA) said. Also among the reported dead were 15 members of the military, five from police, and 13 civilians. The lengthy crisis in Zamboanga City began when large numbers of rebels from the Muslim militant group came ashore more than two weeks ago. They took roughly 180 people hostage in coastal areas of the city. After attempts to negotiate the hostages' release failed, security forces moved in, resulting in intense bursts of fighting. The vast majority of the captives have now been freed, but authorities believe the rebels are still holding around five people, Lt. Col. Ramon Zagala, a military spokesman, said Wednesday. The unrest has fueled fears of increased instability in a region where the central government is pursuing a new peace plan after decades of violence. More than 109,000 people have been displaced in Zamboanga City and close to 19,000 are displaced in Basilan province, according to the United Nations, which described the situation Wednesday as a humanitarian crisis. Zamboanga City, on the southwestern tip of Mindanao, is a mainly Christian city. "We are increasingly alarmed by the situation and the growing needs of people caught up with violence," said Luiza Carvalho, U.N. resident and humanitarian coordinator in the Philippines. "We are particularly concerned for the most vulnerable, especially the well-being of women and children." Hundreds of houses have caught fire during the fighting. Authorities have accused the rebels of deliberately starting the fires. The rebels are a faction of the MNLF, a separatist movement founded in 1971 by Nur Misuari with the aim of establishing an autonomous region for Muslims in the mainly Catholic Philippines. The MNLF signed a peace deal with the central government in Manila in 1996, but some of its members have broken away to continue a violent campaign. Last month, Misuari issued a "declaration of independence" for the Moro nation -- referring to Mindanao's indigenous Muslim population -- after complaining that the MNLF had been left out of a recent wealth-sharing agreement with another insurgent group, the Moro Islamic Liberation Front, which has fought for decades to set up an independent Islamic state on resource-rich Mindanao. CNN's Tim Schwarz, Kathy Quiano and Jethro Mullen contributed to this report.
highlights: Fighting has raged between Muslim rebels and soldiers in Zamboanga City . At least 158 people have been killed, including 13 civilians . United Nations: The unrest has displaced more than 100,000 people . Authorities believe about five hostages are still being held by rebels .
id: 1d4f24b670bfa390a7380225e6e57067666edbc7
chatgpt: Fierce fighting between Muslim rebels and soldiers in Zamboanga City has left at least 158 people dead, including 13 civilians. The weeks-long battle has also displaced over 100,000 people, according to the United Nations. The military has been battling the Moro National Liberation Front (MNLF) rebels since their September 9 siege of several coastal villages in Zamboanga City. Government forces have been trying to dislodge the MNLF fighters who are reportedly still holding at least five hostages. The unrest began when the MNLF, which has been fighting for independence in southern Philippines since the 1970s, accused the government of violating a 1996 peace agreement. The group has demanded a separate Islamic state in the area, which is home to many Muslims. The army launched an offensive to end the standoff, but the fighting has been intense, with both sides suffering heavy casualties. The situation has been exacerbated by reports of abuses by both the rebels and the military. Amnesty International has claimed that soldiers have been committing human rights violations while the MNLF has been accused of using child soldiers. The UN has expressed concern over the humanitarian crisis unfolding in Zamboanga City. Over 100,000 people have been displaced, with many forced to stay in overcrowded evacuation centers. The UN has called for all parties to respect human rights and to allow humanitarian aid to reach those in need. The Philippine government has also faced criticism for its handling of the crisis. Some have accused President Benigno Aquino of neglecting the situation in Zamboanga City while focusing on other issues. Others have criticized the government's failure to fully implement the 1996 peace agreement with the MNLF. Despite the challenges, efforts to end the conflict have continued. The government has been negotiating with another Muslim rebel group, the Moro Islamic Liberation Front (MILF), which signed a peace deal with Manila earlier this year. The government is hoping to reach a similar agreement with the MNLF. Meanwhile, residents of Zamboanga City are struggling to cope with the aftermath of the fighting. Many have lost their homes, their livelihoods, and their loved ones. The road to recovery will be a long one, but the hope is that peace, stability and justice will eventually prevail.