article: (CNN) -- The wife of a former justice of the peace in Texas is being held on murder charges in connection with the killings of Kaufman County District Attorney Michael McLelland and his wife, Cynthia, county officials announced Wednesday. Kim Lene Williams, 46, is also charged with murder in the death of prosecutor Mark Hasse. She is in jail, with bail set at $10 million. The Kaufman County jail website lists her as being booked about 3 a.m. Wednesday. The McLellands were killed in March, and Hasse was killed in January. The arrest warrant said she confessed in detail to her involvement and her husband, Eric Williams', role in the scheme. The warrant said she "intentionally and knowingly" caused the deaths and accused her husband of being the trigger man. McLelland and Hasse prosecuted Eric Williams on a charges of felony burglary and theft by a public servant last year, according to the warrant. He was removed as a justice of the peace, an elected office, after he was convicted in March 2012, it said. Kaufman County Sheriff's Sgt. Matt Woodall wrote in an affidavit filed with the warrant that he "learned from other officers of the county and county employees that Mr. Hasse and Mr. McLelland both believed that Eric Williams blamed them for his removal from office." The prosecutors carried handguns for their protection after the Williams trial "because they believed Eric Williams to be a threat to their personal safety," Woodall wrote. Eric Williams was arrested last week on a count of making a terroristic threat. A sheriff's affidavit accused him of using his home computer to threaten police investigating the McLellands' killings. Eric Williams' attorney released a statement Friday saying he "has cooperated with law enforcement and vigorously denies any and all allegations. He wishes simply to get on with his life and hopes that the perpetrators are brought to justice." Investigation opens window on 2012 trial . CNN's Chuck Johnston and Martin Savidge contributed to this report.
highlights: An arrest warrant says Kim Lene Williams confessed . Williams, 46, is in jail in lieu of $10 million bail . District Attorney Mike McLelland and his wife, Cynthia, were killed in March . Williams' husband was arrested last week on a count of making a terroristic threat .
id: 801e25dcb47d69131f4d016e6ac63d7245a53123
chatgpt: A new twist has come in the murder case of the Kaufman County District Attorney Mike McLelland, and his wife, Cynthia, as an arrest warrant states that Kim Lene Williams confessed to the crime. Williams, who is the wife of a former Kaufman County justice of the peace, Eric Williams, is currently in jail on a $10 million bail, and is facing charges for capital murder. Williams had initially been arrested last week on a count of making a terroristic threat. However, the new details about her alleged confession have brought a new light to the case. The motive behind the killings has not been revealed yet. The murder case of Mike McLelland and his wife, Cynthia, had caused chaos and fear in the county as the authorities had been struggling to find the culprit of the crime. The couple was killed in their home in March, and the murder had sent shockwaves across the state. Eric Williams, who is a former justice of the peace, had been earlier convicted of theft and burglary charges in connection with the case. However, the new development has now resulted in a fresh arrest for his wife, Kim Williams. The authorities are still investigating the role of other suspects in the crime. District Attorney Mike McLelland was a highly respected public figure in the community, and his death had caused widespread grief across the region. The authorities had been pursuing a highly intensive investigation, and the recent arrest of Kim Williams has brought a new level of closure to the case. The authorities have not yet released any details about the nature of the confession made by Kim Williams. However, the new development has brought a sense of relief to the community, who have been eagerly waiting for justice to be served in the case. The Kaufman County Sheriff's office and the Texas Rangers have been commended for their tireless efforts in bringing the perpetrators of the crime to justice. The trial of Kim Lene Williams is expected to be a highly publicized event, and all eyes will be on the courtroom as justice is sought for the loss of Mike and Cynthia McLelland.