article: London (CNN) -- In May, I experienced what's known as a "failure to deliver." Then again last week, it was "failure to deliver." The first fail was a maddening experience with FedEx, the next a worse experience with Amazon. These occurred after I relocated to a flat, and discovered the pain of not having a front porch, plant pot or friendly neighbor. How do you apartment dwellers handle this? Thankfully I bullied Fedex into a Saturday morning delivery at no charge, and Amazon reprinted the book I ordered and delivered to my office. But many companies ban personal deliveries -- and this is where what's being called "click and collect" comes in. Click and collect allows shoppers to pick up their shopping when and where it suits -- and Britons are leading the way. According to Planet Retail, 35% of Britons who shop online click to buy, then have the goods delivered to a location that suits. Only 5% of Germans and 13% of Americans do the same. When consumers first started online shopping, the collecting wasn't expected to be harder than the clicking. "Even five years ago, the concept of ordering something online and then having to collect it at a store seemed ludicrous," Natalie Berg of Planet Retail told me. "It takes the whole concept of convenience out of online shopping." But by 2017, according to Berg, the number of Britons collecting after clicking will soar to 70%. Companies including Argos, CollectPlus, MyHermes and The Post Office are capturing this trend, as are newcomers such as Doddle. In a joint venture with National Rail, Doddle is using the rail stations' extra space as delivery shops, which will be open between 6:00am and 9:00pm seven days a week. This will allow millions of commuters to collect and -- maybe more importantly -- return products bought online. "Most of the people who travel by rail, to big cities, aren't at home during the day," Tim Robinson, CEO of Doddle told me. "They have that 'sorry you were out' card when they get home. There is a big opportunity to fill that gap." Ebay will soon allow its online shops to deliver goods through the thousands of Argos outlets. The Post Office also plans to deliver to small independent stores, some of whom have joined the delivery networks CollectPlus or MyHermes. Doddle is touting a twist though. Robinson says 40% of clothing bought online is returned. Many of the 300 Doddle stores planned around rail stations will have changing rooms. "You don't actually have to take the goods home. You can try it on here and send it straight back." No more calling in sick, waiting for that new purchase to arrive.
highlights: "Click and collect" is becoming an increasingly popular way to collect good bought online . More than a third of Britons use click and collect, far more than their European peers . Newcomer Doddle is now partnering with National Rail to provide shopping pick-up spots .
id: 264c2aff49e843a05d3ba3253fe4e8defc5656bc
chatgpt: The popularity of "click and collect" shopping is on the rise in the UK, with more than a third of Britons opting to use the service over having their purchases delivered straight to their door. This figure far outweighs the number of European consumers who choose to use click and collect. Now, a new player in the click and collect market is making waves as it joins forces with National Rail to create even more convenient shopping options for consumers. Doddle, a specialist in parcel delivery services, has announced its new partnership with National Rail, which means that customers can now pick up their online shopping at railway stations across the country. According to Doddle CEO Tim Robinson, the partnership aims to "create the most convenient click and collect service in the country". National Rail will utilise their extensive network of over 4,500 railway stations, offering customers more than 300 pick-up points to choose from. Robinson believes that the new service will be a "game-changer" for the retail industry, as it will provide customers with a new level of convenience whilst driving up foot traffic to the high street. The new partnership has already launched in a number of stations across the UK, including London Waterloo, Brighton, and Glasgow Central. The pick-up points are situated in convenient locations within the stations, making it easy for shoppers to quickly collect their purchases on their daily commute. One major advantage of the new service is that customers have an extended window of opportunity to pick up their purchases, as the pick-up points are open for longer hours than traditional high street shops. This is particularly beneficial to those who work long hours or have busy daily schedules, as they can collect their packages at a time that suits them best. However, Doddle's partnership with National Rail is not the only development in the world of click and collect. Established players such as Argos have also been making headlines with their click and collect services, which they are promoting as a way to minimize the environmental impacts associated with home delivery. Argos aims to encourage more customers to choose click and collect by emphasising the reduction in CO2 emissions associated with fewer delivery trucks on the road. Overall, the click and collect market is rapidly growing and it is clear that consumers are opting for this convenient way of shopping. With the support of National Rail and new players such as Doddle joining the market, consumers now have even greater convenience and flexibility in how they collect their online purchases.