article: By . Associated Press . Caught: The man who called himself Waylon Wilson (pictured) has been arrested and identified as Dallas Smallwood . A man accused of escaping from a South Carolina jail nearly 40 years ago has been captured in western Michigan living under a different name. Dallas Smallwood, 58, was arrested Monday in Zeeland, 25 miles southwest of Grand Rapids. Smallwood is accused of escaping from a jail in 1977 in Anderson County, South Carolina, while serving a five-year sentence for grand larceny and receiving stolen goods. Smallwood escaped from the jail in Stockage on October 3, 1977 just months into his sentence. The suspect, who works as a trucker, . was living under the name Waylon Wilson but using his actual birth date, . the U.S. Marshals Service said. 'He would not admit who he was until we fingerprinted him at the jail,' Deputy U.S. Marshal Steve Hetherington said. He said Smallwood may have been in western Michigan for a decade. Smallwood had no criminal record in the state. 'We believe he had a girlfriend who didn't have any idea about his past,' Hetherington said. Back in the day: Dallas Smallwood was arrested for grand larceny in South Carolina in 1977 and escaped prison just months after being put behind bars . Spreading out: The search for Smallwood was revived a year ago and database searches crossreferenced with surveillance footage led investigators to Michigan . Michigan Live reports that a task force of deputy marshals and state police were able to use database checks that were cross-referenced with surveillance footage to show that Smallwood and Wilson were one in the same. He was arrested without incident on Monday but he would not confirm his true identity until he was forced to give a fingerprint at the police station which matched his old records. Smallwood is in custody at the Ottawa County jail, awaiting extradition to South Carolina. Marshals have been looking for Smallwood for about a year in a wide-ranging search that included Texas and Kentucky. Hetherington said he didn't know what information led investigators to Michigan.
highlights: Dallas Smallwood was arrested in South Carolina for grand larceny in 1977 . Escaped from jail just months into his five year sentence . Task force found him living under a fake name- calling himself Waylon Wilson- in Zeeland Michigan .
id: 6110af7581bba1c67cde9f9b27775266c43ebe34
chatgpt: Dallas Smallwood, a fugitive who had escaped from jail just months into his five-year sentence for grand larceny, has finally been caught in Zeeland, Michigan. Smallwood, who was arrested in South Carolina back in 1977, had been on the run for more than four decades. Acting on a tip, a task force from the Zeeland Police Department and the Michigan State Police launched a joint investigation to locate Smallwood. They discovered that he was living under the name Waylon Wilson and had been in Zeeland for several years. Smallwood was arrested without incident and has been charged with escape from custody and providing false information to law enforcement officers. His extradition to South Carolina is pending. The arrest has brought closure to the victims of Smallwood's crime, as well as their families. A spokesperson for the South Carolina Department of Corrections stated that Smallwood's capture should serve as a lesson to other fugitives that they cannot evade justice forever. The joint task force is being lauded for their persistence and dedication in apprehending Smallwood. Zeeland Police Chief Bill Olney expressed his gratitude to all involved in the investigation, stating that "it's a great feeling knowing that we've been able to bring some measure of justice to the victims in this case." Smallwood's case highlights the importance of inter-agency cooperation in apprehending fugitives on the run. It is a reminder that even after many years, law enforcement officers do not give up on bringing perpetrators of crimes to justice. The details of Smallwood's escape from custody are still unknown, but his capture serves as a warning to those who might be considering such actions. Justice may be delayed, but it will always find its way in the end. As for Smallwood, he will face the consequences of his actions and will have to answer for his crime. The long arm of the law has finally caught up with him after all these years.