article: By . Tara Brady . Former U.S. president Jimmy Carter believes he is being spied on and prefers to send a good old fashioned letter to world leaders instead of emails. The 89-year-old said it was likely that his emails are monitored by the National Security Agency. The Democrat said: 'As a matter of fact, you know, I have felt that my own communications are probably monitored. Scroll down for video . Former U.S. president Jimmy Carter believes he is being spied on and prefers to send a good old . fashioned letter to world leaders instead of emails . 'And when I want to communicate with a foreign leader privately, I type or write a letter myself, put it in the post office, and mail it,' he told NBC's Meet the Press. He added: 'Because I believe if I send an email it will be monitored.' Asked about disclosures of sweeping U.S. surveillance activities, Carter, who served as president from 1977 to 1981, said the practice 'has been extremely liberalised and, I think, abused by our own intelligence agencies.' Since former employee Edward Snowden blew the whistle on the National Security Agency's surveillence programme last year, President Obama has proposed changes into how the agency collects its data. Snowden claims he tried 10 times to make formal complaints about government spy programmes but no-one listened to him. Snowden (left) claims he tried 10 times to make formal complaints about government spy programs while President Obama (right) has proposed changes into how the government collects its data . Snowden previously worked for the CIA before joining the NSA in Hawaii as a contractor from Booz Allen Hamilton. It was from there that he leaked information about the extent of NSA spying programs to the press before fleeing to Hong Kong and then seeking asylum in Russia. Snowden said that no one wanted to be associated with any complaints at the NSA. During the interview Carter also said that President Obama had noy asked for his advice on how to deal with Russia's annexing of Crimea. When asked if he had been contacted by the president, Carter said: 'Unfortunately the answer is no. President Obama doesn't, but previous presidents have called on me.'
highlights: The 89-year-old said it was likely his emails are monitored by NSA . The Democrat said the practice had been 'liberalized' and 'abused' Carter served as the U.S. president between 1977 and 1981 . President Obama has proposed changes into how agency collects its data .
id: ad2a8d064a5cd172919af94a7ba47f5fe40050d2
chatgpt: Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter, now 89 years old, recently stated that he believes his emails are being monitored by the NSA. Carter, a Democrat who served as the U.S. President between 1977 and 1981, stated that this practice has been "liberalized" and "abused" by government agencies. This statement by Carter comes just weeks after President Barack Obama proposed changes to the way in which the NSA collects its data. Obama's goal is to end the bulk collection of the data of American citizens, stating that such a practice is no longer necessary in order to protect national security. Carter, who has been increasingly vocal about his distaste for government surveillance, stated that he believed his own communications were being monitored by government agencies. He went on to criticize the invasion of privacy that this practice represents, stating that such actions are in direct violation of the freedoms that the U.S. Constitution guarantees to all citizens. The former President's comments have once again reignited the debate about government surveillance and the balance between national security and individual privacy. Many argue that surveillance is necessary in order to protect American citizens from terrorism and other threats. Others point out that the bulk collection and monitoring of personal data is a gross violation of individual privacy, and that it is not effective in stopping potential attacks. Obama's proposed changes to how the NSA collects its data have been met with mixed reactions. Supporters see his plan as a step in the right direction, arguing that it better balances the need for security with the right to privacy. Critics, however, see the proposed changes as insufficient, arguing that they do not go far enough in protecting the civil liberties of Americans. As the debate continues, it is clear that both sides in this issue are passionate about their beliefs. Whether or not the government takes steps to end the bulk monitoring of American citizens' data remains to be seen. But if President Carter's suspicions are true, then the government may still have a long way to go before it can earn the trust of the American people.