article: ISIS has murdered 17 men in Syria over the past two days according to a human rights monitoring organisation as the terror group struggles to keep hold of its self-proclaimed caliphate. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the victims were either beheaded or shot in response to a series of hit-and-run guerrilla-style attacks on the terror group which killed ten terrorists. ISIS is being attacked on several fronts by forces loyal to Syrian president Bashar al-Assad, rival insurgent groups as well as coalition airstrikes. Scroll down for video . ISIS has been executing civilians in Syria in response to guerrilla attacks on the terror group . Human rights activists said 17 civilians have been killed by ISIS in the Deir  al-Zor province in recent days . The men were blindfolded and led to the centre of a public square where they were shot or beheaded . The terror group, who claims to control large sections of Syria and Iraq has been hit in its stronghold of the Deir al-Zor province, from Raqqa, down as far as the town of al-Mayadin, along the banks of the River Euphrates. Syrian state news agency SANA reported that ISIS executed three civilians in al-Mayadin, before putting their bodies on public display. The United Nations believes that more than 200,000 people have been killed in the Syrian civil war over the past four years. Syrian media claims that the attacks on ISIS, which have not been claimed by any particular group or state agency are part of a 'popular resistance' to the terror group. Meanwhile Turkey's prime minister Ahmet Davutoglu said his country may increase the size of militarised zones along the country's border with Syria to prevent western Jihadi tourists from joining ISIS. He said: 'On the border, up to now, there are refugee camps, there are certain places where there is much more strict control. 'These military zones might be enlarged," Davutoglu said, adding that Turkey had so far been reluctant to do this so as not to deter refugees. 'The source of the problem is the Assad regime's brutality ... (We want a) no-fly zone ... so that Aleppo will be protected at least against the air bombardment and there will be no new refugees coming to Turkey.' Images of the chilling murders were broadcast on the internet through Jihadi-friendly websites .
highlights: ISIS murdered 17 civilians after the terror group suffered several losses . Unknown forces have been involved in hit-and-run attacks against ISIS . The terror group executed 17 civilians in response to the recent losses . ISIS is being targeted in its Deir al-Zor stronghold along the Euphrates . Syrian state media claims there is 'popular resistance' group targeting ISIS .
id: 01b7ed58033fa76ff96f9d88da2c5b4d8a5fc14e
chatgpt: ISIS has reportedly executed 17 civilians in retaliation for the losses it has recently suffered in its Deir al-Zor stronghold along the Euphrates. The terror group's reign of terror has been faced with increasing resistance in recent weeks, with unknown forces carrying out hit-and-run attacks against ISIS. The Syrian state media has claimed that a 'popular resistance' group is involved in targeting ISIS in Deir al-Zor. This group is believed to have caused significant damage to the terror group's infrastructure, including destroying ammunition depots and vehicles. Reports suggest that ISIS has been attempting to counter this resistance by brutally punishing civilians who they view as supporting their enemies. The 17 individuals who were executed were accused of providing information about ISIS to the unknown forces attacking them. The recent wave of hit-and-run attacks against ISIS comes at a time when the group is already suffering significant losses. The terror group has lost significant ground in both Syria and Iraq, with their so-called caliphate being reduced to just a handful of small pockets of territory. Despite their losses, ISIS has continued to carry out brutal attacks against civilians and military targets alike. However, their reign of terror has increasingly come under threat from local forces and Kurdish-led militants who have been backed by the United States and other Western nations. In response to their setbacks, ISIS has been ramping up their propaganda efforts in an attempt to maintain control over their remaining territories. The group has been using social media to spread misinformation and propaganda in an attempt to rally their dwindling forces. The situation in Deir al-Zor remains tense, with the threat of further violence and executions from ISIS looming over the region. The unknown forces involved in attacking the terror group have been able to operate with a level of anonymity, making it difficult for ISIS to plan and carry out retaliatory attacks. The overall situation in Syria remains complex, with multiple factions vying for control over various regions. However, the resistance being shown against ISIS is a positive sign in the ongoing fight against extremism and terror. As the group continues to suffer setbacks, it is hoped that the situation on the ground will continue to improve for those affected by their brutal rule.