article: By . Daniel Martin . PUBLISHED: . 19:35 EST, 11 May 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 01:56 EST, 13 May 2013 . Private investigators have been brought in to track down hundreds of European graduates who studied at British universities but owe £52million in loans for tuition fees. Amid fears that one in four of them will never repay a penny, the Student Loans Company (SLC) said the EU nationals have returned home and now reached the income threshold at which they should be paying off their loans. And while some have slipped into arrears, many more – accounting for loans of £41million – have refused to reveal where they live, whether they are working, or how much they are earning. If the debts are not repaid, British taxpayers will have to foot the bill – meaning foreign students are effectively receiving grants to study in the UK while English students have to fork out a fortune for their higher education. Turning their backs on repayments: Overseas graduates have failed to repay their student loans after leaving the UK . Rob Wilson MP, a former Tory education . spokesman, said: ‘The SLC has been put in a difficult position by the . nonsense of being forced to allow EU students equal access to financial . support.’ Students from Cyprus borrowed the most from the SLC, but . £15million of their £24million debt is not being repaid, while graduates . from France, Germany and Poland ran up debts of more than £10million. It is the first time that the total amount of debt owed by EU graduates to the SLC has passed the £50million mark. Andrew Percy, a Tory MP, said: ‘With . British students paying more in tuition fees than ever before, many . people will not understand how it is possible that foreign students are . able to turn up, run up taxpayer-backed debts and then leave. Many of these students will never contribute a penny in income tax to the UK and will be incredibly expensive to track down.’ Kevin O’Connor, head of SLC repayment, . said: ‘We use international trace agents and can commence legal action . to recover the full balance.’ A spokesman for the Department for . Business, Innovation and Skills added: ‘We will obtain court orders in . other jurisdictions if necessary.’ Matthew Sinclair of the TaxPayers’ Alliance said: ‘It’s important they get the money owed in full so that . UK taxpayers are not left paying off huge sums of student debt.’ Anger: The news that EU graduates are failing to pay back their student loans comes as British students are facing higher tuition fees than ever before - prompting protests in November 2012 .
highlights: Graduates have returned home without repaying loans . Failure by foreign students to repay cash will cost British tax payers £50m . Student Loans Company hire private investigators to traces graduates . Students from Cyprus owe the most, with £15.5m .
id: 129c951ad74b39b0b103da180142e5fe8d00ccdf
chatgpt: The UK's Student Loans Company has hired private investigators to track down foreign students who have failed to repay their loans. Graduates from overseas have returned home without fulfilling their obligations, leaving UK taxpayers to bear the cost of their education, which amounts to £50 million. The Student Loans Company has revealed that it has £89 million in outstanding loans owed by students from other EU countries and £102 million owed by students from the rest of the world. Students from Cyprus are the biggest culprits, owing £15.5 million. They are followed by Polish students, who owe £9.4 million, and Nigerian students, who owe £6.9 million. The Student Loans Company has come under fire for allegedly failing to do enough to track down these students and collect the unpaid debts. A spokesperson for the company defended its actions, stating that it had a duty to recover the money on behalf of taxpayers. The spokesperson added that the company had also implemented stricter measures to ensure that students were aware of their obligations to repay their loans before leaving the UK. This included sending reminders to students and their sponsors as well as conducting exit interviews. Despite these measures, it seems that a significant number of foreign graduates are still managing to slip through the net. The decision to use private investigators has been criticised by some, who have raised concerns about possible invasion of privacy and the use of taxpayer money to fund such activities. Others have argued that it is the only way to ensure that these graduates are held accountable for their debts and that UK taxpayers do not end up footing the bill for their education. The Student Loans Company has said that it will continue to pursue all avenues to recover the outstanding debts from foreign students. In the face of mounting pressure to address the issue of unpaid student loans, the UK government has announced plans to introduce new measures to crack down on student loan defaulters. This includes the use of credit reference agencies to track down students who have left the country without repaying their loans. Despite these efforts, it remains to be seen whether the government and the Student Loans Company will be able to recoup the millions of pounds owed by foreign students. As tuition fees continue to rise and the number of international students studying in the UK increases, it is a problem that shows no sign of going away any time soon.