article: Jerusalem (CNN) -- Palestinian negotiators agreed to give up large swaths of East Jerusalem to Israel during negotiations dating back to 2008, the Al-Jazeera network said Sunday, suggesting Palestinians have been willing to offer much larger concessions in private than what was previously acknowledged in public. The report is based on a trove of nearly 1,700 internal documents the network said it had obtained. Al-Jazeera did not disclose the source of the material, nor did it say how the documents came into its possession. It said it will be releasing what it has between Sunday and Wednesday of this week. The papers, some of which were posted on the network's website, shed new light on the details of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict from 1999 through last year. They could not be immediately verified by CNN. The documents outline meetings between Israeli, Palestinian and U.S. officials in which Palestinian negotiators offered in 2008 to relinquish claims on nearly all of the settlements built in East Jerusalem. The offer was flatly rejected by the Israeli side, according to the posted documents. Israel seized the eastern half of the city following war with its Arab neighbors in 1967 and considers Jerusalem its sovereign capital. This is a claim rejected by the international community that considers Israeli building in East Jerusalem to be illegal. Palestinians want the eastern part of the city as the capital for their future state. The leaked documents could prove to be politically damaging for Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas. Officials from the Ramallah-based government have consistently condemned growing Israeli settlements in East Jerusalem and disclosures that Palestinians officials were willing to make offers that would allow Israeli construction to continue are likely to be seized on by their critics. In one leaked document from 2010, chief Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erekat is quoted as telling a U.S. state department official, "Israelis want the two-state solution but they don't trust. They want it more than you think, sometimes more than the Palestinians. What is in that paper (that) gives them the biggest (Jerusalem) in Jewish history ... what more can I give?" In addition to details about concessions made on the issue of East Jerusalem, Al-Jazeera reported that Palestinian officials also offered compromise positions on sensitive issues like the right of return of Palestinian refugees and control of the Temple Mount, which houses the Al-Aqsa mosque, one of the most important sites in Islam. Wafa, the Palestinian Authority's news agency, quoted President Abbas telling newspaper editors in Cairo Sunday that he did not know where Al-Jazeera got its information and that there was nothing new to report. U.S. State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said Sunday night the United States is looking into the purported leak to Al-Jazeera. "The U.S. government is reviewing the alleged Palestinian documents released by Al-Jazeera. We cannot vouch for their veracity," he tweeted.
highlights: Al-Jazeera: It has nearly 1,700 leaked documents related to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict . Palestinians offered compromises on sensitive issues, the documents show . Israel reportedly refused the East Jerusalem offer . The leak could prove politically damaging for Palestinian Authority President Abbas .
id: 9411df83fd5a035110693dafe1970c3ae1270a44
chatgpt: In a major scoop, Qatar-based news outlet Al-Jazeera has obtained almost 1,700 leaked documents related to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, which could prove potentially damaging for both sides. The documents reveal a series of compromises made by the Palestinians over sensitive issues, which were rejected by the Israeli authorities. According to the documents, the Palestinian Authority offered to compromise on the thorny issue of East Jerusalem, which is seen as the future capital of a Palestinian state. However, the Israeli government reportedly refused the offer, citing security concerns. The revelation of the leaked documents has the potential to cause significant political damage to Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas. With Israeli-Palestinian talks currently at a standstill, this leak comes at a time when tensions between the two sides are already high. The documents reveal that the Palestinian Authority offered to relinquish claims to some Palestinian neighborhoods in East Jerusalem, with the understanding that other areas of the city would remain under their control. In exchange, the Israelis would have recognized Palestinian sovereignty over several key areas of the West Bank. However, Israeli officials reportedly rejected the offer, stating that it would not address their security concerns. Israel views Jerusalem as its undivided capital, and has been reluctant to relinquish control of the city's eastern neighborhoods. The leaked documents also reveal that Abbas was willing to make other concessions, including the right of return for Palestinian refugees, another contentious issue in the conflict. However, the Israeli government reportedly rejected these offers as well. The leak has sparked outrage among some Palestinians, who accuse Abbas of being too willing to make concessions to the Israeli government. Critics have also accused Al-Jazeera of undermining the Palestinian cause by revealing sensitive information. However, supporters of the leak argue that it serves as a wake-up call to the international community, highlighting the lack of progress made in the peace process. They argue that the documents expose the intransigence of the Israeli government, which has consistently refused to make any concessions to the Palestinians. Overall, the leaked documents offer a fascinating insight into the complex and tangled web of relationships between Israel and the Palestinians. With peace talks at a standstill and tensions remaining high, it is unclear what impact this leak will have on the conflict as a whole. However, it is clear that the revelations have the potential to cause significant damage to both sides, and may further complicate efforts to find a lasting resolution to one of the world's most intractable conflicts.