article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . A former NYPD officer branded the 'cannibal cop' for allegedly plotting to kidnap, murder and eat more than 100 women is now working as a jailhouse cook, it was revealed today. And his pizza is so good, even the guards eat it. Gilberto Valle was convicted in March 2013 of conspiring to commit heinous acts of murder, torture and cannibalism - including on his own wife. New line of work: Gilberto Valle, a former New York police officer, is now a cook in the jail where he's being held awaiting sentencing . The New York Daily News reports that Valle's mother, Elizabeth, says her son now 'kills time' cooking lunch and breakfast at Metropolitan Correctional Center in Manhattan. Valle is appealing the conviction and a federal judge has not passed sentence on the former Queens, New York, patrolman while he weighs whether to grant a new trial. Valle's fellow inmates know all about his reputation and even crack wise about his alleged plot to skin and roast women like sides of beef. 'Don’t stand too close to the oven!' the prisoners joke, Mrs Valle told the Daily News. For his work in the kitchen, Valle is paid 44 cents an hour. His mother says it keeps him occupied while he plots his new defense tactics. Valle, a patrolman for the NYPD, was arrested in October 2012 after his wife, Kathleen Mangan, found disturbing pictures on his computer that he had downloaded from the site DarkFetishNet.com. Valle's own wife, Kathleen Mangan, right, turned him in to police when she found a drove of his writings about cannibalism. She divorced him in July . Mrs Valle said Kathleen has taken the couple's young daughter and completely cut off all contact with him and his family . The FBI found a list of 100 women he said he planned to kill, cook and eat. They also found a transcript of an online chat in which he said he planned to take his 'girlfriend' Kathleen to Pakistan, where he and another man would murder her and cannibalize her body. Valle maintains that his extensive writings were nothing more than fantasy - never meant to be acted on or carried out. 'He’s not the monster they portray him to be,' Mrs Valle told the Daily News. 'He's innocent.' Mangan, who testified against her husband at trial, was granted a divorce in July, Mrs Valle said. She has taken the couple's young daughter and completely cut off all contact with Valle and his family, she said.
highlights: Gilberto Valle wrote extensively about his plans to kidnap, murder, cook and eat 100 women - including his own wife . Valle was convicted in March 2013, but is still in Metropolitan Correctional Center in New York City, fighting to win a new trial . He makes 44 cents an hour cooking breakfast and lunch . His pizza is so good even the guards eat it . Fellow inmates joke: 'Don't stand too close to oven!'
id: dd7ce200ef22fa664c967e9db8e23f7c50dceaa8
chatgpt: Gilberto Valle, a former New York City Police Officer, made headlines in 2012 when he was arrested for plotting to kidnap, murder, cook, and eat 100 women, including his own wife. He was later convicted and sent to the Metropolitan Correctional Center in New York City. Although it has been almost a decade since his arrest, Valle is still fighting to win a new trial. Valle's obsession with cannibalism and his plans to carry out his twisted fantasies were revealed through his online chats with other like-minded individuals. In the chats, he discussed the best way to capture and subdue his victims, how to cook and prepare their bodies, and even shared his preferred recipes. Despite overwhelming evidence against him, Valle insists that he is innocent and that his conversations were just harmless fantasies. He has been fighting to win a new trial for years, claiming that his rights were violated during his original trial. While he awaits his fate in prison, Valle has taken on a new role as a cook. He earns just 44 cents an hour, cooking breakfast and lunch for his fellow inmates. Despite the nature of his past crimes, his pizza is apparently so good that even the guards can't resist it. Valle's fellow inmates have found humor in his past crimes, jokingly warning each other not to stand too close to the oven when Valle is cooking. Despite the twisted nature of his past, Valle appears to be well-liked by his peers in prison. The case of Gilberto Valle is a chilling reminder of the dark corners of the internet and the danger of those who use it to indulge their dangerous fantasies. Despite his claims of innocence, it is clear that Valle posed a real threat to the women he targeted, and his crimes cannot be dismissed as mere fantasy. As he continues to fight for his freedom, it is unclear what the future holds for Gilberto Valle. But for now, he remains behind bars, serving as a cautionary tale of the dangers of the human mind and the consequences of straying too far into the darkness.