article: By . Steve Robson . PUBLISHED: . 08:10 EST, 9 May 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 11:38 EST, 9 May 2013 . Four people have died after being forced to jump from a 13-storey building engulfed by fire in Pakistan. Firefighters are continuing to battle the blaze which has consumed the Lahore Development Authority Plaza building in Lahore, the capital of the Punjab region. Several people were forced jumped from the seventh and eighth floors of the building, where the fire originated, in an effort to escape. Scroll down for video . A man tries to save another on top of the LDA Plaza in Lahore, after a fire erupted on the seventh floor and quickly spread . A man sits on the window of a burning LDA Plaza building in Pakistan as thick smoke pours out . The blaze is believed to have originated around the seventh or eighth floor of the 13-storey building . Rescuers try to bring a man to safety as the fire swept through the government building . Help: Fire trucks are being used to extinguish the fire and helicopters used to rescue stranded victims from the roof of the building . Back up: An army helicopter arrives to rescue people trapped inside the building . Hundreds of people watch as the building erupts in flames where at least three people jumped . Some victims have also been taken to hospital while dozens more are believed to be trapped as the fire spreads upwards. Workers could be seen waving for help from the top of the building as a crowd of onlookers gathered below. At least five fire engines are on the scene although there are reports that illegally-parked cars are hampering their efforts. A helicopter is also hovering overhead in an attempt to airlift workers to safety. Initial reports suggest the fire may have started after an electricity generator exploded. A Pakistani army helicopter rescues a man from the burning building in Lahore as it is engulfed by flames and smoke . A Pakistani firefighter gives water to a man who was stuck in the burning . Rescue: A man suffering from smoke inhalation is rushed away after being rescued from a building . Rescue: Rescue work is underway at the site of the fire with fire trucks being used to extinguish the fire and helicopters used to rescue stranded victims from the roof of the building . Injuries: At least three people fell from the high floors trying to avoid fire that engulfed the building, local media reports . One of several victims is rushed for medical attention following the blaze . Horrific: Terrified bystanders watched the rescue unfold from the ground as people jump from the building . A man shows his emotion as he watches the horrendous scene unfold in Lahore .
highlights: A blaze has engulfed the 13-storey LDA Plaza building in Lahore, Pakistan . Several people were pictured jumping from the seventh and eighth floors as smoke poured from the windows . Dozens more feared to be trapped in the building and a helicopter is on the scene trying to airlift workers to safety .
id: 82e4c1fe517fb381e0443cc82aca27eeba392f75
chatgpt: A massive fire engulfed the 13-story LDA Plaza building in Lahore, Pakistan, prompting a frantic rescue operation by the authorities. Several people were seen on Tuesday morning jumping from the seventh and eighth floors of the building, as smoke billowed out from the windows. Images from the site showed flames leaping from the structure, as firefighters valiantly tried to extinguish the inferno. Dozens of people, including office workers and shopkeepers, are reportedly feared trapped inside the building. According to local reports, a helicopter has been dispatched to the scene to airlift workers to safety. Emergency responders are also using extension ladders in a bid to rescue people who are still trapped inside the building. Eyewitnesses said that the inferno started at around 9:00 am local time, and quickly spread throughout the building. "The fire started small, but then it just took over the whole floor," said Muhammad Rafique, a shopkeeper in the building. "There was smoke everywhere, and we couldn't see anything." The cause of the fire is not yet known, but local residents said that the building was in disrepair and lacked proper fire safety measures. "This is a tragedy waiting to happen," said Sobia Malik, a local resident. "We have been warning the authorities for years that this building is a time bomb, but they did nothing." Rescue workers are struggling to reach the higher floors of the building, as the smoke is causing visibility problems. There are also concerns that the building could collapse at any moment, as the flames have weakened the structure. The LDA Plaza, located on Egerton Road, is a popular commercial complex in Lahore, housing offices, shops, and restaurants. It was built in the 1990s and has been the subject of controversy over alleged corruption in its construction. The fire is the latest in a series of devastating blazes that have occurred in Pakistan in recent years. In 2017, a fire at a Karachi factory killed over 250 people, while in 2019, a blaze at a Lahore factory claimed the lives of over 20 people. The Pakistani government has been criticized for its lack of action on fire safety measures, as well as for failing to hold those responsible for the deadly incidents accountable. As of the time of writing, the rescue operation at the LDA Plaza is ongoing, with fears that the death toll could rise significantly. The incident serves as a tragic reminder of the urgent need for the authorities to enforce fire safety regulations and ensure that buildings are properly maintained.