article: By . Amanda Williams . PUBLISHED: . 04:48 EST, 2 April 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 06:21 EST, 2 April 2013 . Season tickets and Oyster cards could soon be relics of the past after proposals have been drawn up to introduce a phone and credit card payment system for train travel. Under the plans, expected to be published by the Department for Transport (DfT) later this year, rail firms will be expected to introduce new ways for travellers to pay for their tickets online and then use their credit card to open platform barriers. In the longer term, customers will . also be able to use their phones in a similar way, replacing completely the need . for season tickets and Oyster cards. Season tickets and Oyster cards could soon be relics of the past after proposals have been drawn up to introduce a phone and credit card payment system for train travel . In the longer term, customers will also be able to use their phones instead of tickets and Oyster cards . The scheme will launch in London at the end of this year, before being rolled out to the rest of the rail network - starting with the South- East - the Independent reports. It will work by using the contactless payment systems which are embedded in most new credit and debit cards. The technology will soon also be available in smartphones. Commuters will be able to buy a ticket . online or on their phone then use either the phone or credit card to . electronically access ticket barriers. Transport Secretary Patrick Mcloughlin said buying tickets online is currently 'too complicated' London Underground . customers will be able to use their normal bank card to open gates on the Tube . It is believed the scheme will eventually replace the Oyster card system, which has enjoyed huge success since its launch in 2003. Rail users will also no longer need to buy weekly or monthly season tickets. The system will calculate when a customer's travel has exceeded the cost of those tickets - and stop charging. The Transport Secretary, Patrick McLoughlin, said: 'The journey from buying tickets online to taking your seat on the train is too complicated at the moment. 'By harnessing the latest technology to make the ticketing process easier, we can vastly improve the passenger experience.' The DfT is also considering budget pricing to manage demand across the rail network more effectively, in a similar way to airlines. TfL is also working on technology which can tell passengers waiting at a station to see how full trains are, and decide whether to instead wait for the next one.
highlights: Commuters will be able to use their credit card to open platform barriers . In the longer term, customers will also be able to use phones in a similar way . It is believed the system will replace the hugely popular Oyster card . The technology will be launched in London later this year .
id: 985db6a83c5028e507217a26722b0f6b21a36759
chatgpt: Commuters in London will soon be able to use their credit and debit cards to open platform barriers. This innovative technology is expected to be launched later this year and will make it easier for people to access public transportation without needing an Oyster card. Transport for London (TfL) has been working on this new technology for some time now and has partnered with Cubic Transportation Systems to develop the system. The technology will be compatible with both contactless and chip and pin payments, enabling passengers to quickly and easily access transport links without the need to buy an Oyster card. While the initial rollout will be to enable commuters to use their bank cards to access the tube, buses and other forms of public transportation in London, TfL is already looking ahead to the future. They plan to enable commuters to use their smartphones in a similar way, potentially replacing the need for the Oyster card altogether. According to TfL, the move to contactless payments will make it easier for commuters to use public transport while also reducing the problem of lost or forgotten Oyster cards. In addition, it will also benefit tourists who may not have an Oyster card but will have access to credit or debit cards. There are also benefits associated with the introduction of this new technology. TfL estimates that it will generate significant cost savings in terms of the administration and maintenance of the Oyster card system. This could then lead to a reduction in transport costs for commuters and taxpayers alike. However, there are concerns that the move to contactless payments may not be available to everyone. This will be especially true for those who do not have a credit or debit card or who are not comfortable using contactless payments. TfL has stated that it will still be possible to buy an Oyster card, but it remains to be seen how this will work in practice. Nonetheless, the move towards contactless payments is seen as a positive one. It will make the process of accessing public transportation much easier and more streamlined, reducing congestion and making commuting more efficient. Furthermore, it has been welcomed by the Financial Conduct Authority, which believes it will provide greater choice, convenience and competition for consumers. While the initial rollout will be in London, it is likely that other cities across the UK will soon follow suit. The rise of contactless payments and mobile technology has transformed the way we pay for goods and services, and it is now set to revolutionise the way we access public transportation. This new system is set to benefit commuters, transportation authorities and taxpayers alike, making it a win-win situation for all involved.