article: Justice SecretaryKenneth Clarke pledged that an act of Parliament would be used to 'clarify' the existing legal right to use reasonable force against intruders . Householders were yesterday given licence to kill burglars with knives or pokers without fear of prosecution. Justice Secretary Kenneth Clarke suggested people would be judged to have acted within the law as long as they did not shoot intruders in the back as they were running away down the road. And he pledged that an act of Parliament would be used to ‘clarify’ the existing legal right to use reasonable force against intruders. Prime Minister David Cameron last week promised that the Government would ‘put beyond doubt that homeowners and small shopkeepers who use reasonable force to defend themselves or their properties will not be prosecuted’. The move follows public outrage at cases like that of Tony Martin, the Norfolk farmer who shot dead a burglar, and Munir Hussain, who chased and beat a man who had held his family at knifepoint in their home. ‘If an old lady finds she has got an 18-year-old burgling her house and she picks up a kitchen knife and sticks it in him, she has not committed a criminal offence and we will make that clear,’ Mr Clarke said. ‘There is no doubt that you or I or anybody else is entitled to use reasonable force to defend ourselves and to protect ourselves or our homes or both. ‘We will make it quite clear you can hit the burglar with the poker if he is in the house and you have a perfect defence if you do so.’ Mr Clarke accepted that the defence of reasonable force already exists, but said: ‘Given that doubts are expressed, we are going to clarify that. ‘It is quite obvious that people are entitled to use whatever force is necessary to protect themselves and their homes. What they are not entitled to do is go running down the road chasing them or shooting them in the back when they are running away or to get their friends together and go and beat them up. ‘Nobody should prosecute and nobody should ever convict anybody who takes these steps.’ An official spokesman for David Cameron said that the Prime Minister was 'very pleased' with Mr Clarke's remarks, but Labour's justice spokesman Sadiq Khan, right, said the Justice Bill is in 'total shambles' It is not clear whether a clause will be added to the Government’s Justice Bill later in the year, or guidelines to police, prosecutors and courts will be strengthened. David Cameron’s official spokesman said that the Prime Minister was ‘very pleased’ with Mr Clarke’s remarks, which follow months of controversy over ‘soft justice’. But Labour’s justice spokesman Sadiq Khan accused the Government of using ‘spin and smokescreens of new laws in an attempt to distract from what is a Justice Bill in total shambles’.
highlights: Homeowners will be able to STAB burglars without fear of prosecution, says Mr Clarke . Labour say Justice Bill is 'total shambles'
id: 124e272636272e9b808c588a39ad33c60a88d60f
chatgpt: The Justice Secretary, Mr. Clarke, announced today that homeowners could now use force to defend themselves against burglars without fear of prosecution. The move comes as part of the government's new Justice Bill, which aims to give greater protection to homeowners and reduce crime rates across the country. Under current laws, homeowners are only allowed to use "reasonable force" to defend their property. However, Mr. Clarke believes that this often leaves homeowners in a vulnerable position, with the threat of prosecution looming over them if they act too aggressively. Speaking at a press conference earlier today, Mr. Clarke said, "I fully support the right of homeowners to defend themselves and their property against burglars. No one should be made to feel like a criminal for protecting their home and their family." The new Justice Bill will give homeowners greater freedom to use force to protect themselves and their property. This includes the use of weapons such as knives, which were previously illegal to use in self-defense. However, Mr. Clarke emphasized that this new law would only apply to situations where homeowners genuinely feared for their safety. He added, "The use of force must be proportionate and necessary, and must not be premeditated. This is not a license to go out and attack burglars." While the move has been praised by many homeowners and law enforcement officials, it has been strongly criticized by the Labour Party. Shadow Justice Secretary, Richard Burgon, called the new Justice Bill a "total shambles", arguing that it would lead to an increase in violent crime and put even more people in danger. Mr. Burgon said, "This is a reckless move by the government, which will only lead to more violence and bloodshed. We need to be tough on crime, but we also need to ensure that people are safe and protected. This new law does neither." The Labour Party has called for a review of the Justice Bill, arguing that it needs to be amended to ensure that it provides genuine protection for homeowners while also maintaining public safety. Despite criticism from the Labour Party, the Justice Bill has been widely welcomed by homeowners and law enforcement officials alike. Many believe that it will help to reduce crime rates and make the country a safer place to live. The new law will come into effect next month, and homeowners will now have the freedom to use force to defend themselves and their property without fear of prosecution. However, it remains to be seen how this new law will be implemented, and whether it will lead to an increase in violent crime.