article: By . Hugo Duncan . PUBLISHED: . 19:49 EST, 30 May 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 19:50 EST, 30 May 2012 . The single currency crashed to its lowest level for nearly two years last night as Brussels warned that the eurozone faces ‘financial disintegration’. In a hard-hitting report on the dire state of the economy, the European Commission called for drastic action to prevent catastrophe tearing the region apart. It proposed that money set aside for keeping debt-ridden governments afloat should now be used to rescue troubled European banks. Disintegration: The single currency crashed to its lowest level for nearly two years last night . ‘Flexibility and speed are of the essence,’ said EC president Jose Manuel Barroso. The desperate rallying cry came amid mounting fears that the banking crisis in Spain will cripple the eurozone’s fourth largest economy and trigger a cataclysmic break-up of the single currency. The euro crashed below $1.24 against the US dollar to a level not seen for nearly two years. The single currency was also trading below 80p against the pound having lost 20 per cent of its value in the last three years. ‘The market has lost confidence in the euro,’ said Carl Forcheski, a currency expert at French bank Societe Generale in New York. ‘People are battening down the hatches.’ Stock markets around the world were on the slide with the FTSE 100 index down 1.74 per cent or 93.86 points to 5297.28 on a punishing day for investors in London. Chris Beauchamp, a market analyst at IG Index in the City, said: ‘Without wishing to sound apocalyptic, it does feel as if Spain is gradually shuffling towards the abyss. 'Flexibility and speed are of the essence': EC president Jose Manuel Barroso . ‘Investor confidence wanes by the day, and it could only be a matter of time before the Spanish government is forced to ask for financial aid. ‘This would be an event of a far greater magnitude than the bailouts of Ireland, Portugal and Greece, since Spain’s size means it would exhaust Europe’s financial firepower.’ The EC said the eurozone bailout fund could be used to help banks directly rather than fund governments. It said it could ease pressure on countries such as Spain struggling to prop up the banking system. ‘To sever the link between banks and the sovereigns, direct recapitalisation might be envisaged,’ the report said. The money would come from the European Stability Mechanism, the eurozone’s permanent bailout fund which launches in July but is currently only designed to lend to governments. Brussels said: ‘A closer integration among the euro area countries in supervisory structures and practices, in cross-border crisis management and burden sharing, towards a ‘banking union’ would be an important complement to the current structure.’ It also floated the idea of Eurobonds - a move that would see debt issued jointly by all 17 countries in the eurozone. The idea is vehemently opposed in Berlin because it would involve German taxpayers underwriting Greek and Spanish debt.
highlights: European Commission calls for drastic action .
id: 245a754c2810da14f5e09b91122e90071584e6d7
chatgpt: In a bold move, the European Commission has called for drastic action to be taken in order to address the pressing issues facing the continent. With concerns over the economic impact of Brexit and rising levels of nationalism throughout the region, the Commission has stated that significant action is necessary if the EU is to remain a stable and prosperous community. In a speech delivered earlier today, the President of the European Commission, Ursula von der Leyen, highlighted the need for a coordinated approach to tackling the many challenges facing Europe. "We are living in extraordinary times," she stated. "The challenges that we face are enormous, but so too are the opportunities. If we act boldly and decisively, we can ensure that the European Union continues to thrive and prosper for generations to come." The Commission's call for drastic action comes at a time when many EU leaders are increasingly concerned about the future. With the UK set to leave the EU in just a few months, fears are growing that the bloc may lose its footing on the global stage. In addition, growing nationalist movements and the ongoing refugee crisis have added to the pressure on EU leaders to take action. Among the measures proposed by the Commission are increased investment in education, job creation, and infrastructure projects, as well as renewed efforts to promote environmental sustainability and combat climate change. These actions are seen as vital to ensuring that the EU remains competitive and relevant in an increasingly tumultuous global environment. Perhaps the most significant action called for by the Commission is a renewed commitment to cooperation and solidarity among EU member states. "The challenges we face are too great for any one country to tackle alone," von der Leyen stated. "We must work together as a united and cohesive community if we are to overcome these challenges and emerge stronger than ever before." The call for increased cooperation and solidarity is seen by many as a timely reminder of the values that underpin the European project. With nationalist movements on the rise and many EU countries closing their borders to refugees, there are concerns that the sense of common purpose that has long defined the EU is under threat. The Commission's call to action is seen as a way of reaffirming this sense of purpose and reminding EU citizens that their futures are intertwined. While the Commission's proposals are likely to be welcomed by many EU leaders, there are likely to be challenges ahead. Increased spending on education, job creation, and infrastructure projects will require significant financial commitments from member states, many of which are already struggling to balance their budgets. In addition, promoting environmental sustainability and combating climate change will require bold and decisive action, something that has proven difficult to achieve in the past. Despite these challenges, however, the European Commission remains optimistic about the future. With bold action and a renewed sense of purpose, the EU can overcome the challenges it faces and emerge stronger than ever before. "These are not easy times," von der Leyen stated. "But I am confident that if we work together and keep our eyes fixed on the future, we can build a better, more prosperous, and more united Europe for all."