article: Luis Suarez has always dreamed of playing for Barcelona, claims his former Ajax team-mate Gabri. He says he is still great friends with the Uruguayan and believes Suarez would be able to handle the pressure of playing for a club like Barcelona. Gabri, a player at the Nou Camp himself for seven years before joining Ajax in 2006, spoke about Suarez's maturity and character. VIDEO: Scroll down to see Suarez's emotional dressing room message to wife and kids . Uncertain future: Luis Suarez has been linked with a move to Spain . VIDEO Barca in for Suarez . 'Luis Suarez has always wanted to play for the club and defend the Barcelona shirt,' he told Spanish television station Esport. 'He has always wanted to head here someday, so I would be very pleased [if he did]. 'I also believe the club want to buy him. He would suit it well, he is very enthusiastic and would fit in nicely at the club. Claim: Gabri says former Ajax team-mate Suarez has always dreamed of playing for Barcelona . 'The family of his wife are also in Barcelona.' Suarez's in-laws reside in Castelldefels and that could play a key role in the striker's decision to choose Barcelona over Real Madrid, who are also chasing him. Gabri continued: 'He has footballing maturity and is a player with character and personality. 'He would be able to handle the pressure of playing at a club like this. 'Suarez is a goalscorer. His position is as a No 9 but sometimes he can play wider. 'He's quick, he's a very complete player and in great form.' Gabri also said that his wife was close to Suarez's and they became good friends at Ajax as they spoke the same language. Deadly: Suarez's double put England to the sword in Sao Paulo . The Spanish press claimed on Monday that the striker wants to leave Liverpool and has his heart set on Barcelona. It will be a costly transfer operation and the Blaugrana are hoping to lessen the cost by including Alexis Sanchez in a prospective deal. The Chile forward plays in the right-hand slot in Barcelona's front line that they want Suarez to occupy, with Lionel Messi in the middle and Neymar on the left. Hotshot: Suarez has smashed 33 goals for club and country over the past year . Anfield bound? Chile star Alexis Sanchez could be heading to Liverpool .
highlights: Gabri claims Suarez has heart set on Nou Camp switch . Liverpool star's in-laws reside in nearby Castelldefels . Alexis Sanchez could be offered as makeweight in deal . Real Madrid have also been linked with a move for Uruguay hitman .
id: a8d2534b496117043950caf4bcc6c6300bbef35b
chatgpt: Reports suggest that Liverpool's Luis Suarez may be on the verge of a move to Barcelona, with his Uruguayan international teammate, Diego Lugano, fueling the speculation. Speaking to Radio Sport 890, Lugano claimed that Suarez's "heart is in the Nou Camp" and that "he has shown enough affection for the club and for Catalan people." While Suarez himself is yet to publicly comment on his future, there are a number of factors that point towards a possible move to Spain. One factor that could be influencing Suarez's decision is the fact that his in-laws live in the nearby town of Castelldefels, just a short drive from the Nou Camp. It is believed that this proximity to his family has played a significant role in Suarez's desire to move to Spain, with the player eager to be closer to his loved ones. If the deal were to go ahead, it has been reported that Barcelona could offer Chilean forward Alexis Sanchez as a makeweight. Sanchez, who joined Barcelona from Udinese in 2011, has struggled to hold down a regular starting place in the side under new boss Luis Enrique, prompting speculation that he could be sold in the summer transfer window. However, it is not just Barcelona who are said to be interested in Suarez. Real Madrid have also been linked with a move for the talented striker, with reports in Spain suggesting that Los Blancos are preparing a big-money bid for the Uruguayan. It remains to be seen whether Suarez would be swayed by the prospect of a move to the Bernabeu, or whether his heart truly lies with Barcelona. One thing that is clear is that Suarez has been in red-hot form for Liverpool this season, scoring a stunning 31 goals in just 35 Premier League appearances. It is this form that has attracted the attention of Europe's top clubs, with many eager to secure the services of one of the world's most talented strikers. For Liverpool, the possible departure of Suarez would be a major blow, with the Uruguayan seen as a key player in the team's hopes of mounting a serious challenge for the Premier League title next season. However, with the striker's future still uncertain, it is unclear whether Liverpool will have to look for a replacement or whether Suarez will stay at Anfield for another season. Only time will tell where Suarez's future lies, but his impressive performances this season have certainly made him one of the most sought-after players in world football. Whether he ends up at Barcelona or Real Madrid, there is no doubt that Suarez will continue to be a major force in the game for years to come.