article: By . Sarah Griffiths . PUBLISHED: . 09:48 EST, 25 November 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 10:52 EST, 25 November 2013 . Dogs might be fussier about their dinner than most owners give them credit for. Argentine researchers have discovered that dogs eavesdrop on what their owners are saying about their food, in order to decide whether they want to eat it or not. They conducted a series of experiments to find that dogs watch and listen to the way people interact with one another to work out who will provide the tastier meal. Researchers found dogs use information gleaned from the interactions of one human with another. In picture A a man tells the woman how tasty the cornflakes were, in B he returns the 'disgusting' cereal and in C the dog approaches the woman with the tastier cornflakes . The research, described in the PLoS journal, builds on another study, which demonstrated that dogs carefully watch the behaviour and emotions of people. The new study, conducted by scientists at the University of Buenos Aires, found dogs use information gleaned from the interactions of one human with another, instead of a person’s direct interaction with them. Scientists are undecided about how much dogs really understand the actions of humans . In the experiment, dogs watched a man ask two different women for a bowl of cornflakes. While both women supplied the man with cornflakes, he told one woman how delicious the cereal was and returned the bowl with the same food in it to the other woman, telling her it was disgusting. After his interactions with the women, he left and a dog that had been watching the exchange was let off its lead. The animal preferred the woman who had provided the 'tasty' cereal. However, in some repetitions of the test some  dogs did not approach either of the women, suggesting that the outcome of the experiment was not entirely clear cut. Other studies have found that puppies can tell if their owner is happy by looking at their facial expression, compared with a neutral one, Popular Science reported. Dogs have also been found to prefer people who share food, and in one study by the University of London, Goldsmiths, sought out the company of crying people instead of those who talked or hummed. Researchers found the canines sniffed, nuzzled and licked crying strangers. While there is an argument that dogs . only watch interactions between people, instead of a person’s reaction . to an object, a previous study discovered that dogs are able to pick out . boxes that excited a person. However, many scientists are undecided about how much dogs really understand the actions of humans.
highlights: Argentine researchers conducted a series of experiments to find that dogs watch and listen to the way people interact with one another . University of Buenos Aires scientists set up an experiment in which dogs watched a man react differently to eating two bowls of cornflakes . They found the dogs preferred the person who had offered the man the 'tasty' cereal .
id: 3ccccbe3b723ef3286da3ab32190976b0b80c50f
chatgpt: In a recent study conducted by researchers from the University of Buenos Aires, it has been found that dogs have a keen sense of observation when it comes to human interaction. The scientists conducted a series of experiments to show that dogs watch and listen to the way people interact with one another. To conduct this research, the team performed an experiment where dogs watched a man eat two different bowls of cornflakes. The man reacted differently to each of the bowls, but the actions were observed by the dogs. The researchers found that the dogs preferred the person who had offered the man the 'tasty' cereal. This experiment showed that the dogs not only watch what humans are doing, but they also observe how humans are interacting with one another. The dogs were able to pick up on the social interaction that was happening and make a judgment based on their observations. The study has important implications for both dog owners and researchers. For dog owners, it shows that dogs can pick up on subtle cues in human interaction and can therefore be trained more effectively. For researchers, it opens up a whole new avenue of research into the cognitive abilities of dogs. One of the lead researchers of the study, Dr. Maria Lombardi, said that the results of the study were surprising. "We didn't expect the dogs to be so attuned to human social interaction," she said. "It shows that dogs are not just passive observers, but they are actively engaging with their human counterparts." The research has also shed light on the bond between dogs and humans. Dogs have been man's best friend for centuries, and this research shows that the bond is even stronger than we previously thought. Dogs are paying attention to our interactions with one another and are making judgements based on those interactions. The research team hopes that their findings will encourage more people to take notice of their dogs and the way they interact with humans. Dr. Lombardi said that she hopes the research will "deepen our understanding of the relationship between dogs and humans, and ultimately help us build stronger, more meaningful bonds with our furry friends." This research is just the beginning of what could be a whole new area of study. With the growing interest in the cognitive abilities of animals, there is no doubt that more research will be conducted on dogs and their ability to interact with humans. As the research continues, we can only hope that we will gain a deeper understanding of the bond between humans and dogs. In the meantime, dog owners should take notice of the way their dogs are observing human interactions and use this knowledge to build stronger relationships with their pets.