article: By . Associated Press . Nearly 170 victims of child sex trafficking, many of whom had never been reported missing, were rescued in the last week as part of an annual nationwide crackdown, the FBI said Monday. Besides the 168 children rescued from the sex trade, 281 pimps were arrested during the same period on state and federal charges. 'These are not faraway kids in faraway lands,' FBI Director James Comey said in announcing the annual enforcement push known as Operation Cross Country. Instead, he added, 'These are America's children.' Scroll Down for Video . 'These are America's children': FBI Director James Comey announces the child sex trafficking sting from the bureau's headquarters in Washington, DC on Monday . This is the eighth such week-long operation, which this year unfolded in 106 cities. The FBI says nearly 3,600 children have so far been recovered from the street. 'I hate that we have to do this work — hate it,' Comey said. 'I love the people who've devoted their lives to doing this work. There is no more meaningful work that the FBI participates in than rescuing children.' He said the operations were designed to 'crush these pimps' and show that children are not for sale. They are also intended to rescue children who are being trafficked on street corners, in truck stops and, increasingly, on the Internet, where pimps advertise and arrange sexual encounters. One challenge, officials said, is that many of the children who were recovered were never reported missing in the first place — by parents, guardians and the entire child welfare system designed to protect them. Rescued: In the Monday press conference, Comey said that the bureau had rescued 168 children and arrested 281 pimps. He reported that the pimps sold the children online, at truck stops and on the street . 'No one is reporting them missing. Hence, no one is looking for them,' said John Ryan, CEO of the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children. 'But for operations like this, these children likely would never have been found.' He said better laws were needed to require child welfare service to report children who disappear. Right now, he said, only two states have laws requiring agencies to report children missing from their care. There is no national, uniform standard. 'We cannot find them if no one reports them missing,' Ryan said. Though this operation is the FBI's eighth of its kind, Comey said this year featured the highest number of participating cities. But he said the biggest change was the increasing prevalence of children being sold online rather than on street corners.
highlights: The FBI rescued 168 children this week in a nationwide crackdown on sex-trafficking . A total of 281 pimps were arrested for selling the minors online, in truck stops and on the street . In the Monday announcement, FBI Director James Comey said many of the children weren't even reported missing . It was the eighth such week-long sting and took place in 106 cities this year .
id: 1f03e3567eb61367492fc5022e9803adfdd7c990
chatgpt: The Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) managed to save 168 children and arrest 281 pimps in a nationwide crackdown on sex-trafficking. The FBI’s eighth week-long sting operation of the year took place in 106 cities across the United States, including Atlanta, Dallas, and Los Angeles. The children, some as young as 11, were rescued from locations including hotels, truck stops, and other so-called "john stings". They were recruited, advertised, and sold online, on the street, and in public places by sex traffickers. FBI Director James Comey said that many of the children rescued were not even reported missing. The 281 pimps arrested in the sting operation were identified as part of a larger group of criminals involved in sex trafficking. They face a variety of charges, including kidnapping, solicitation of minors, and sex trafficking. The operation was part of the FBI’s "Innocence Lost National Initiative," a program launched in 2003 to fight against child prostitution. Since the program's launch, the FBI has rescued over 6,500 children from exploitation and has arrested over 1,900 pimps and other individuals involved in sex trafficking. The crackdown on child sex-trafficking is a national priority, and the FBI has continued to increase its efforts to rescue these young victims. Between 2004 and 2015, the number of investigations into sex trafficking increased by 750 percent. However, despite the increased efforts of law enforcement agencies, the problem of child sex trafficking persists. In his announcement, Director Comey stated that "these are not 'sex workers,' these are children that are being raped…that is the mentality we have to change to be able to protect children and stop the demand for their exploitation." The FBI is committed to continuing its fight against child sex-trafficking and protecting some of the most vulnerable members of society. The FBI is also calling on the public to report any suspicious activity that may be related to child exploitation. Tips can be reported anonymously via the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children (NCMEC)’s CyberTipline. The public can also assist by educating themselves and their communities on the signs of child exploitation and reporting any suspicious behavior or activity. The FBI’s latest crackdown on child sex-trafficking is a continued effort to put an end to the exploitation of young children. The agency’s efforts have not gone unnoticed, and it is hoped that with the public’s help, the FBI can continue its successful efforts. Together, we can help protect children and stop this heinous crime.