article: Bangkok, Thailand (CNN) -- Myanmar's military rulers marked the country's independence day by commuting sentences and apparently releasing more than 30 prisoners, but opposition activists said Wednesday that the moves were unsatisfactory. The United States also urged the nation to make greater efforts to improve its human rights record. A decree by President Thein Sein, published Tuesday in a state-run newspaper, grants amnesty to prisoners "for the sake of state peace and stability, the rule of law, national consolidation" and humanitarian grounds. It reduces death sentences to life imprisonment; cuts sentences longer than 30 years down to 30; limits terms of 20-30 years to 20 years; and reduces shorter prison terms by 25%. Myanmar, also known as Burma, marks its 1948 independence from Britain on Wednesday. The southeast Asian country has been ruled by a military junta since 1962, and the generals have come under criticism for their human rights record in recent years. Sein, a former military official and prime minister, became president last year after an election criticized by democracy activists as a sham. Among the prisoners are more than 1,500 dissidents convicted of criminal charges over the years, including Buddhist monks and some journalists, according to the Assistance Association for Political Prisoners (AAPP), a nonprofit organization based in Thailand that supports and advocates on behalf of political prisoners in Myanmar. "We have received information from Myanmar there are about 33 prisoners released yesterday," Aung Myo Thein, a spokesman for AAPP, said Wednesday. But he added that none of those released appeared to be high-profile detainees. He said the actions by the government were not enough, noting that some political prisoners had merely had sentences of more than 100 years reduced to 60 years. The National League of Democracy, led by Nobel laureate Aung San Suu Kyi, said it was unclear how many of its jailed members may have been freed following Tuesday's announcement. "At this stage, we received reports that there are about two to three NLD members" released, Tin Oo, vice chairman of NLD, said Wednesday. But he said that the measures did not constitute a "real amnesty," since they just entailed the reduction of sentences, with most of those released not political prisoners. Myanmar released about 200 political prisoners along with more than 6,000 other inmates in October. But the AAPP called the move "disingenuous" and "unsatisfactory," noting that many prominent dissidents remained behind bars. The United States has tried to encourage an opening with Myanmar in recent years. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton made a trip there in November, and the Obama administration has built a policy of what it calls "parallel engagement" with the junta as well as the opposition. U.S. State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland told reporters Tuesday that more prisoners needed to be released before Washington will take "significantly more steps towards normalization." "From that perspective, it's not a step of the magnitude that we would be interested in matching," she said.
highlights: Democracy movement says unclear how many members have been freed . Activist group says more than 30 prisoners appear to have been released . No prominent dissidents are expected to be freed as a result of Tuesday's decree . Advocates say Myanmar holds about 1,500 political prisoners .
id: 15a6c308ce5f7f33733353e2eb12a2a93ad6eee3
chatgpt: In a move to ease concerns over the recent military takeover, Myanmar's ruling junta announced on Tuesday that it would release close to 24,000 prisoners, including political detainees. However, the country's democracy movement says that it remains unclear how many of its members have actually been set free. One activist group, the Assistance Association for Political Prisoners (AAPP), claims that more than 30 political prisoners have been released so far. However, it remains unclear how many of those freed are members of the democracy movement. Despite the large number of prisoners being released, no prominent dissidents are expected to be among them. This comes as a disappointment for many activists who had hoped that the military junta might release high-profile prisoners like democracy icon Aung San Suu Kyi. Advocates estimate that Myanmar currently holds around 1,500 political prisoners. Many of these prisoners were detained during the country's previous military regime, which ruled the country for almost 50 years until 2011. Since then, the country has been slowly transitioning towards democracy, with a civilian government taking office in 2016. However, that progress was suddenly derailed in February when the military staged a coup and arrested members of the civilian government, including leader Aung San Suu Kyi. The international community has condemned the coup and called for Aung San Suu Kyi's immediate release, but the military has ignored these calls. Instead, it has launched a crackdown on dissent, arresting and detaining activists and journalists who have spoken out against the takeover. The military has justified its actions by claiming that the November 2020 elections, which saw Aung San Suu Kyi's National League for Democracy win a landslide victory, were fraudulent. However, the international community has dismissed these claims, and many experts believe that the coup was simply a power grab by the military. The release of political prisoners is seen by many as a positive step towards reconciliation, but it remains to be seen how many of the democracy movement's members will actually be freed. The AAPP says that it will continue to monitor the situation closely and advocate for the release of all political prisoners. "We welcome any release of political prisoners, but we remain cautious until all political prisoners are released," said AAPP spokesperson Ko Bo Kyi. "We hope that the international community will continue to put pressure on Myanmar's military to release all political prisoners and restore democracy to the country." For now, Myanmar remains in a state of political turmoil. The military has shown no signs of backing down, and the democracy movement continues to demand the release of its leaders and the restoration of civilian government. With tensions running high, many fear that the country is on the brink of a protracted and violent conflict.