article: By . Eleanor Harding . PUBLISHED: . 09:27 EST, 10 December 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 20:54 EST, 10 December 2012 . So, just what attracts a mild-mannered tabby to a life of crime? The answer, if you look closely, is the magnet hanging from her collar. This is Milo, the cat burglar responsible for pinching more than 20 sets of keys from her neighbours in the past month. Magnetic moggy: Milo's collar had been fitted with a magnet to stop other cats getting into her home . Her unsuspecting owner Kirsten . Alexander had no idea of Milo’s other life until she caught her coming . through the catflap with the evidence jangling around her neck. And it was only when she found a . collection of keys dotted around her house and garden that she realised . the extent of the crime spree. Miss Alexander, a 27-year-old office . worker, had fitted Milo with a magnetic collar to automatically unlock . the catflap at her home. This stopped other cats from slipping through . and eating Milo’s food. Cat burglar: Milo stole more than 20 sets of house and car keys as she roamed around north east London . Well intentioned: Owner Kirsten Alexander fitted Milo with the collar to stop other cats getting into her home . What she didn’t realise was that Milo . had also been making herself at home at the neighbours’ houses, which . didn’t have her sort of high-tech protection. Slipping through their cat flaps, and . skulking through their rooms, she picked up all manner of things thanks . to the magnet in her collar. Most of them were keys. At first . neighbours in Stoke Newington, North-East London, thought they were . misplacing them but last week they started putting two and two together . when they realised there had been a spate of thefts. The game was finally up when Miss . Alexander caught Milo arriving home with her latest haul. A search . produced 12 sets of keys in the back garden and eight dotted around her . home – as well as another six sets in neighbours’ gardens. She also unearthed dozens of metal items scattered around her house, including nails, pins, screws and bolts. ‘I had no idea what she was getting up to all day when I was at work,’ she said. ‘Obviously she likes roaming around . and sneaking into other people’s homes and it just so happens that her . magnetic collar kept picking up their spare keys. ‘I’ve given all the keys back and luckily my neighbours have seen the funny side of it.’ Case closed: Kirsten solved the mystery when Milo walked in with keys around her neck .
highlights: Neighbours were left mystified as their house and car keys kept vanishing . The tabby's collar had a magnet to stop others getting through the catflap . Owner solved the mystery when Milo walked in with keys around her neck .
id: 8db0a21f6afacf29d1c0435f2a8f388bc82cb12a
chatgpt: A baffling case of missing keys that had been plaguing a set of neighbours for weeks on end has been finally solved, with the help of a quick-thinking feline. Residents of a quiet suburban street had been left mystified as to the whereabouts of their house and car keys, which seemed to vanish without a trace. Despite several reports to the local authorities, nobody was able to shed any light on the matter. As the weeks went by, rumours began to circulate amongst the affected households. Some claimed that it might be a group of mischievous teenagers playing pranks, while others suggested that it might be a more sinister force at work. But the truth was far more innocent - and unexpected - than anyone could have imagined. It all started when one of the households decided to invest in a catflap for their beloved pet, Milo. In order to keep out unwanted visitors, the cat's collar was equipped with a small magnet that would lock and unlock the flap whenever she approached. For a while, everything seemed to be working fine. But it wasn't long before Milo's curious nature got the better of her. One day, while out on her usual rounds, Milo stumbled upon a set of keys lying on the ground. Being the curious cat that she was, she decided to play with them and even carried them home as if they were a prized catch. It wasn't until her owner noticed the jingling sound around Milo's neck that the mystery finally began to unravel. Upon closer inspection of the keys, the owner was able to identify them as belonging to one of the affected households. When questioned about it, Milo simply looked up with an innocent expression and went back to her usual routine. But the damage had already been done - it was clear that the culprit behind the mysteriously missing keys had been none other than this feline mastermind. As the news spread amongst the neighbourhood, there were mixed reactions. While some were amused by the cleverness of the cat, others were left shaking their heads in disbelief. But one thing was for sure - everyone breathed a sigh of relief knowing that the keys had been found and the mystery was finally solved. In light of the incident, many of the households decided to invest in stronger, more secure locks and to keep a closer eye on their keys. Others simply couldn't resist the temptation to spoil Milo with treats and toys for her new-found fame. But no matter what the outcome, it was clear that this little tabby had stolen the hearts of her neighbours and left them with a story to tell for years to come.