article: New Delhi, India (CNN) -- India accorded a red-carpet welcome Tuesday to the top leader of Myanmar's military junta, who is on a five-day visit aimed at strengthening diplomatic and economic ties between the neighboring countries. Gen. Than Shwe received a ceremonial reception in the sandstone presidential palace in New Delhi before he drove down to the shrine to India's independence leader, Mahatma Gandhi, to pay homage. Indian President Pratibha Devisingh Patil, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, members of his cabinet and several top bureaucrats greeted the junta leader as a state guest. The military ruler's trip underscored the close relationship between the two nations -- one seen as one of the world's most vibrant democracies, and another despised by the West as a repressive regime. In 1951, the two countries signed what they called a "treaty of friendship," and over the past few years, bilateral trade has soared to almost $1 billion, according to Indian officials. Several Indian companies have invested in Myanmar's energy sector. And India's main space agency has helped set up a data-processing center in Yangon for remote-sensing applications, authorities in New Delhi say. Than Shwe's visit began on Sunday with a tour of sacred Buddhist sites in eastern India. It came days after U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton urged India and other countries in the region to push Myanmar, formerly known as Burma, to comply with U.N. human rights resolutions and nuclear nonproliferation agreements. "It is critical that Burma hear from you, its neighbors," she said in a speech at the Association of Southeast Asian Nations meeting. Clinton described life in Myanmar as "dangerous" for the country's inhabitants and called upon other nations to push for democratic reforms there. "We would encourage India and other countries to send a clear message to Burma that it needs to change its course," State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said last week. The Myanmar general's itinerary also includes tours of India's information-technology hub in Hyderabad and the industrial center of Jamshedpur. His visit is the second by a top junta administrator in a year.
highlights: India and Myanmar have long had a close relationship . The leader of Myanmar's military junta is on a five-day visit . The United States wants India and its neighbors to push Myanmar for reforms .
id: a9a39b65392a0923a68800523056fea3727c5f5f
chatgpt: India and Myanmar have a long-standing relationship that has only strengthened over the years. However, the recent visit of the leader of Myanmar's military junta to India has caused unease among human rights activists and democrats. General Min Aung Hlaing, the head of Myanmar's military junta, arrived in India on Friday for a five-day visit. This has raised eyebrows as the junta leader is facing international criticism for the coup that ousted Myanmar's democratically elected government in February this year. Many human rights activists have accused the junta of committing gross human rights violations against its citizens. The United States, in particular, has been urging India and its neighbors to push for reforms in Myanmar. The US administration has been vocal in its condemnation of the coup, imposing sanctions on the leaders of the junta, including General Min Aung Hlaing. India, however, has taken a more cautious approach towards Myanmar. India has always maintained a close relationship with Myanmar, owing to its strategic location and resources. India has invested heavily in Myanmar's infrastructure and human resource development, and both countries have a strong defense partnership. During his visit, General Min Aung Hlaing met with Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi and other senior officials. According to reports, the discussions centered around a wide range of issues, including defense cooperation, regional connectivity, and economic ties. However, General Min Aung Hlaing's visit has not gone down well with the pro-democracy activists in India. They have accused the Indian government of ignoring the human rights violations in Myanmar and supporting the junta's suppression of the people's voice. The visit has also sparked concerns among the Indian politicians who want the Indian government to take a tougher stance on the junta. Recently, India's External Affairs Minister S. Jaishankar had said that India supports the restoration of democracy in Myanmar and is closely watching the situation. As the world watches the developments in Myanmar, India's relationship with the country will be closely watched too. It remains to be seen what India's position will be in the coming days as the international pressure on Myanmar continues to mount.