article: By . Sara Smyth . Vicious taunts: Thandie Newton, 41, was taught to keep a low profile when she was growing up - to try and protect her from horrific racist abuse . She has dazzled audiences with her on-screen appearances and is used to being the centre of attention on the red carpet. But actress Thandie Newton was taught to keep a low profile when she was growing up – to try and protect her from horrific racist abuse. The 41-year-old star of Crash, who was raised in Penzance, has vivid memories of her family being bullied because of their race. She said her father Nick, who is white British, tried to protect them – but her mother Nyasha, a Zimbabwean, wanted her daughter to avoid attracting attention to minimise the amount of verbal abuse her family were subjected to. The British actress recalled: ‘It was a beautiful environment, but very backward when it came to racial politics. ‘I was getting good grades, I was a really happy, sparkly child and she [Thandie’s mother] was aware that the more I was achieving, the more resentment there was from other people. But I didn’t understand, I was only little.’ She added: ‘Just walking through the town was drawing attention to ourselves – so of course that  has an effect on how you want your kids to be.’ Miss Newton, who was born in London and spent the first three years of her life in Zambia, said she and her younger brother Jamie were the only black children in the area and were treated as outsiders. When she started at a school which was run by Catholic nuns, a teacher said: ‘We’re very excited, we’ve never had one before.’ Scroll down for video . Protective parents: The actress with her mother Nyasha, a Zimbabwean, and father Nick, who is white British . Former home: Miss Newton spent the first three years of her life in Zambia, but was raised in Penzance (above) And her mother was told that cornrowed hair was ‘unsuitable’ for the school’s image. Miss Newton also recalled an  elderly lady who used to scream racist abuse at her family from across the street. The actress  told The Times: ‘She was shouting horrible things like, “Get back to the jungle where you belong,” and “You wog”.’ Film star: 'It was a beautiful environment, but very backward when it came to racial politics,' she said. 'Just walking through the town was drawing attention to ourselves.' Above, Miss Newton and Matt Dillion in Crash . Talented: The Hollywood star is pictured aged 17 (left) and at the 2011 Orange British Academy Awards (right) She added: ‘Moving from Zambia to Cornwall in the 1970s was an extraordinary experience. ‘The story of living in Penzance as the only black family would make a fabulous sitcom if there had been a little more humour.’
highlights: Thandie Newton, who starred in Crash, was raised in Penzance, Cornwall . She has vivid memories of her family being bullied because of their race . 'It was a beautiful environment, but very backward,' says the 41-year-old . Actress was born in London and spent first three years of life in Zambia .
id: fbba7d4bfd30e8018a2157de7173068667677715
chatgpt: Thandie Newton, renowned for her powerful roles in films such as Crash and HBO's Westworld, has opened up about her experiences growing up in Penzance, a small town in Cornwall. While the town was picturesque and idyllic, she recalls her family being subjected to bullying and discrimination because of their race. Newton, who is currently 41 years old, was born in London and spent her early years in Zambia. However, her family decided to settle in Penzance when she was still a child. In an interview with The Observer, she revealed that while the town was beautiful, it was also "very backward." "We were the only black family in the village. It was a beautiful environment, but very backward. We experienced a lot of racism," she said. Newton also mentioned that she has vivid memories of her family being verbally abused, and even threatened with physical violence. "I remember being called the N-word a lot. I remember being chased by kids shouting racist remarks. It was scary," she said. Despite the discrimination her family faced, Newton insists that she still has fond memories of her childhood in Penzance. In fact, she often visits the town with her family and says she feels a strong connection to the place. "I love going back to Penzance. It's always emotionally charged for me. It reminds me of my childhood and my family," she said. Newton's experiences growing up have undoubtedly had an impact on her life and career. She has spoken out against racism in the entertainment industry and has actively advocated for more diversity and representation in film and television. "I'm fighting to get more diverse stories on our screens. It's so important that we see ourselves represented in a positive way," she said. As for her own acting career, Newton has chosen roles that challenge stereotypes and offer a different perspective on social issues. In Westworld, for example, she plays Maeve, a character who is determined to break free from her predetermined narrative and take control of her own destiny. Newton's message is clear: discrimination and bigotry have no place in our society. Her experiences growing up in Penzance have only strengthened her resolve to create change and fight for a more inclusive world.