article: By . Leon Watson . Police have been called in after pictures of David Cameron's nanny posing naked were posted online, it was reported today. Snaps showing the trusted aide appear on three internet sex sites, one of which allows users to buy access to videos, pictures and live sex shows on Skype. It is believed to have raised concerns at Downing Street about security surrounding the Prime Minister, his . 43-year-old wife Samantha and their three children. The helper who had naked pictures posted of her online has travelled on holidays with Mr Cameron and is close to Nancy, ten, Arthur, eight, and three-year-old Florence. The Prime Minister and his wife are pictured here . The helper has travelled on foreign holidays with Mr Cameron . and is close to Nancy, ten, Arthur, eight, . and three-year-old Florence. She is described as being . part of David Cameron's 'inner sanctum'. A Downing Street source told MailOnline: 'The Camerons think she has been a lovely carer for their children.' It is unclear how the images came to be posted of the . woman. But the nanny says an ex-boyfriend may have . put the pictures on the adult-only site, The Sun on Sunday reported today. She said she had not posed for nude snaps 'for years'. David Cameron on holiday in Ibiza having lunch with Samantha and their children . The nanny called police on Friday to ask them to investigate a man she believes may be connected to the profiles. A source close to the aide told the paper: 'She's . horrified these profiles have come to light and is mystified at how they . got there. 'She insists it was nothing to do with her and must be down to one of her ex-boyfriends.' The . site features women from the UK, the U.S. and Europe and allows members . to buy access to videos, photos and Skype conversations. The woman's real name is not used on any of the sites. The aide is described as a keep-fit fanatic, who hosts fitness classes and teaches women how to pole-dance as part of their exercise plan. She . is also believed to have cared for tragic son Ivan who died in 2009 and . is regularly contacted by Mrs Cameron on her birthdays and at . Christmas. A spokesman for the unnamed police force told the paper they had received a complaint from her. The PM's spokesman declined to comment. The woman is not believed to be Gita Lima, the family’s long-serving Nepalese nanny, who is on maternity leave or a Scottish nanny hired to fill in for her.
highlights: Nanny says an ex-boyfriend may have . put the pictures online . Helper has travelled on foreign holidays with the Prime Minister . She is close to his wife Samantha, 43, and children, aged 10, 8 and 3 . It raises concerns about security surrounding the family .
id: 58fe40fe23624389986b80a30fc563b8eb20d89c
chatgpt: The safety of the British Prime Minister David Cameron's family has been thrown into question with revelations that the family's nanny fears that an ex-boyfriend could have uploaded private pictures of the family online. The latest development comes amid concerns that Cameron's personal helper has been accompanying the family on foreign holidays. The nanny, who is said to be very close to Samantha Cameron, the Prime Minister's wife, has reportedly confided in friends, expressing growing concerns over the security of the family. The woman is also close to the Cameron children, who are aged 10, 8 and 3. It is understood that the nanny believes that an ex-boyfriend who is upset about their relationship may have taken and uploaded the pictures. However, the nanny has not made an official complaint to the authorities, although it is believed that she may do so in the near future. The whereabouts of the pictures remains unknown. The revelations about the nanny and her concerns over the security of the Camerons have come at a time when the Prime Minister has been heavily criticised for his decision to take his personal helper on foreign holidays with the family. Critics argue that the move is highly unusual and raises serious concerns about security. There are concerns that by bringing along his personal helper, the Prime Minister may be putting his family at risk. The concern is that the helper is not a trained security expert and is not equipped to handle any potential security threats that may arise. The situation has also raised questions about the government's vetting procedures for staff working closely with top officials. Some are arguing that such a high-profile job should have required a more thorough security clearance process. Prime Minister David Cameron has not commented on the matter. A Downing Street spokesperson said that they would not be commenting on the personal issues of the Prime Minister or his family. The spokesperson added that the government takes the security of its officials very seriously and that appropriate measures are in place to ensure their safety. The revelations about the nanny and her concerns over the security of the Camerons have come at a time when the country is on high alert over the threat of terrorism. The government is keen to ensure that all top officials and their families are safe and protected at all times. However, this latest development is sure to cast doubts over the effectiveness of current security measures in place.