article: By . Sean Poulter . PUBLISHED: . 18:00 EST, 11 April 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 18:00 EST, 11 April 2013 . Stores have been accused of fooling shoppers by selling copycat versions of big-brand favourites to boost profits. Several products, from breakfast cereals to biscuits and beauty creams, bearing an uncanny resemblance to famous names, have been identified. The tactic has been condemned by consumer champion Which?. It found packs with similar names, shapes, colours and designs that mimic popular products, which manufacturers have spent millions of pounds to develop. The examples include Boots anti-dandruff shampoo, where the white bottle and blue cap and lettering look remarkably similar to Head & Shoulders. Similarly, Boots’ vibrant pink bottle for its Fruit Essence shampoo is remarkably like the one for  Clairol’s popular Herbal Essences. Tesco’s tubes of Chipz look very much like the market leaders Pringles, and the pickled onion Beasty Bites from Asda appear to owe much to the look of packs of Monster Munch. The ruse appears to be designed to either fool busy shoppers into picking up the wrong product or piggy-backing on the reputation for quality of mainstream brands. Research among Which? members found one in five had accidentally bought a supermarket version of a product thinking it was a well-known brand. Of these, 38 per cent said they were annoyed by this and 30 per cent felt misled. The pack design of McVitie's Milk Chocolate Digestives has apparently been copied by Tower Gate digestives sold by Lidl . McVitie’s seems to be a particular target for the copycats. Its well-known Penguin chocolate biscuits found an imitator in the Puffin brand sold by Asda. And the pack design of its Milk Chocolate Digestives has apparently been copied by Tower Gate digestives sold by Lidl. The British Brands Group fights to protect the designs of mainstream products. Director John Noble said: ‘Brands survive by being distinctive and standing out, and retailers are free-riding on brands’ reputations.’ All the shops identified by  Which? insisted they were confident that consumers were not being misled and could tell the difference between branded and own-label products. Stores such as Boots and Aldi said certain colours were synonymous with particular products or active ingredients, helping shoppers find what they are looking for. A Which? spokesman said: ‘Retailers should make sure that people are under no illusions about what they are buying.’
highlights: Consumer champion Which? condemns lookalike tactic . McVitie's Milk Chocolate Digestives' pack design has apparently been copied by Tower Gate digestives sold by Lidl . One in five people mistakenly buy supermarket version of products thinking they're well-known brand, says Which?
id: 71263d41426edffe0463039686f3eeac9a9ce2df
chatgpt: Consumer watchdog, Which?, has condemned the use of lookalike packaging tactics by supermarket brands. In particular, the packaging used for Lidl's Tower Gate digestives has been criticised for its similarities to McVitie's Milk Chocolate Digestives. According to Which?, one in five shoppers are mistakenly buying supermarket versions of products, believing them to be the better-known brand. This is alarming because it suggests that packaging is a significant factor in consumer decision-making, and that shoppers may be being misled by inferior products. The use of similar packaging by supermarket brands is not a new tactic, but it has come under scrutiny in recent years as consumers become more conscious of the issue. Which? has long campaigned for clearer labelling and better regulation of packaging to help prevent consumers being confused. McVitie's has stated that it is exploring its legal options over the packaging similarities, and that it believes consumers are being deceived. The company has called on retailers to act responsibly and put an end to such practices. Lidl has responded to the criticism, saying that it has always acted in accordance with the law and regulations. The retailer has also launched an internal investigation into the packaging similarities to ensure that it is not misleading consumers. Many consumers have taken to social media to express their outrage at the use of lookalike packaging, with some calling for clearer labelling and stricter regulations. The issue has also sparked a wider debate about the ethics of supermarket branding and the role of packaging in consumer decision-making. In response to the criticism, Which? has called on the government to introduce more robust regulations around lookalike packaging, and to give consumers more information about the products they are purchasing. The watchdog argues that this would help to promote transparency and ensure that consumers are not being misled. Overall, the use of lookalike packaging by supermarket brands remains a contentious issue. While some may argue that it is a legitimate marketing tactic, others believe that it is misleading and unethical. As the debate continues, it is likely that we will see greater scrutiny of the practices used by supermarkets and clearer labelling to help consumers make informed choices.