article: The world's first space conversation between a robot and an astronaut is set to take place later this year. The talking robot called Kirobo - after 'kibo', which means hope in Japanese, and 'robot' - is set to join a Japanese astronaut into space in August. Its developers have gathered in Tokyo to demonstrate the . humanoid robot's ability to talk and it has been answering questions . from attending journalists. The robot called Kirobo, pictured, will be sent to the International Space Station in August to communicate with astronauts stationed on the station for long periods of time . Kirobo is a mix of 'kibo', which means hope in Japanese, and 'robot'. Its developers gathered in Tokyo to demonstrate the humanoid robot's ability to talk and it was able to answer questions from attending journalists . The experiment is a collaboration . between advertising and PR company Dentsu, the Research Center for . Advanced Science and Technology, the University of Tokyo, Robo Garage . and Toyota Motor Corp. 'Russia was the first to go outer space, . the U.S. was the first to go to the moon, we want Japan to be the first . to send a robot-astronaut to space that can communicate with humans,' said Yorichika Nishijima, the Kirobo project manager. Tomotaka Takahashi, CEO of Robo Garage and associate professor at the University of Tokyo, said he hopes robots like Kirobo that hold conversations will eventually be used to assist astronauts working in space. 'When people think of robots in outer space, they tend to seek ones that do things physically,' said Takahashi. 'But I think there is something that could come from focusing on humanoid robots that focus on communication.' Because Kirobo does not need to perform physical activities, it is smaller than most robots that go into space. Kirobo's creator Tomotaka Takahashi shows off his humanoid robot during its unveiling at a press event in Tokyo. Kirobo's design is based on the commercial Robi kit robot with modifications for operating safely in zero gravity, facial recognition and the ability to understand emotions . Weighing just 2.2 pounds and standing at 34cm tall, Kirobo has not been designed to carry out physical activities. Instead it is hoped similar robots will one day assist on space missions by answering astronauts' questions . Kirobo is about 34 centimeters tall (13 inches) and weighs about 1 kilogram (2.2 pounds). Its land-based counterpart Mirata looks almost identical but is not designed to go into outer space. Instead, it has the ability to learn through the conversations it has. During the demonstration, Fuminori Kataoka, project general manager from Toyota, asked Kirobo what its dream was. 'I want to create a future where humans and robots can live together and get along,' it answered. Kirobo is scheduled to be launched from the Tanegashima Space Center on August 4, 2013. Tomotaka Takahashi, pictured, is a roboticist at the University of Tokyo, unveils Kirobo, left, a small talking humanoid robot and a backup robot called Mirata, right .
highlights: Talking robot Kirobo is named after 'kibo' which means hope in Japanese . Kirobo is very small - measuring just 34cm in height - because it has not been designed to carry out physical activities . The robot is set to join a Japanese astronaut in August and it is hoped that robots like Kirobo will eventually provide assistance on space missions .
id: 212cd9add2153599e8185fdf0d9fa5e8b9ebd77f
chatgpt: In August, a tiny talking robot named Kirobo will embark on a mission to the International Space Station alongside a Japanese astronaut. Built by the University of Tokyo's Research Center for Advanced Science and Technology (RCAST) with collaborators Toyota Motor Corp. and other companies, Kirobo has been designed to have conversations with people – and potentially perform tasks – in space.  Named after the Japanese word 'kibo', which means hope, the robot is only 34cm tall, designed to be roughly the same height as a grapefruit because it doesn't need to perform any physical activities. The robot has a small screen in its chest that can display messages and images, as well as a camera that can make eye contact with its interlocutor. Its design has been optimized for operation in microgravity. The project's creators hope that Kirobo will alleviate loneliness and mental stress among astronauts during long space missions. According to Toshiyuki Isobe, PR manager at RCAST, "Loneliness is a major problem in outer space. Kirobo was created to combat this loneliness and provide psychological support." Kirobo is programmed to be able to recognize the tone of the person's voice and respond accordingly. The robot has already been tested in space-like conditions on board a zero-gravity aircraft, where it successfully conducted a conversation with a human.  This isn't Japan's first venture into sending robots to space. In 2002, the country deployed a solar-powered robot called Hayabusa to study an asteroid. However, Kirobo is unique in its conversational abilities. Its creators believe it could be the forerunner of robots that will be used to tackle more complex tasks in space, such as assisting in experiments or operating machinery. “In terms of intelligent conversationalist robots, Japan is ahead of other countries,” said Hirohisa Hirukawa, a project manager at the robot's developer, the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency.  The development of intelligent robots is seen as a key area for the future of space exploration. NASA has already developed a humanoid robot called Robonaut that can perform tasks on the International Space Station. This could free up more time for astronauts to focus on complex scientific experiments, but also presents challenges to engineers, as robots capable of manipulating objects in space need to be lightweight and have specialized grips that work in zero gravity. Some have raised concerns about the use of robots in space, arguing that they could potentially replace human astronauts, or that putting conversations in the hands of machines could further isolate humans. However, supporters of space robots say they have the potential to make space travel more accessible and less costly. Robots don't need to eat, breathe or sleep, so they can be more efficient than humans on long-duration missions.  Looking ahead, the creators of Kirobo hope that their robot could inspire the creation of more intelligent, task-assisting robots for space missions. “We want people to think about space in a whole new way. We want them to imagine robots helping humans expand into space and live there,” said Isobe. By providing support and companionship to astronauts, robots like Kirobo could help make long-term space travel more feasible and safe for human beings.