article: TEHRAN, Iran (CNN) -- Officials say two men in Iran have been stoned to death for adultery and murder, while another escaped death by digging his way out of the hole where he was buried to face a similar fate, according to media reports. The sentences follow sharp criticism by human rights groups of Iran's use of such punishments. Judiciary spokesman Alireza Jamshidi on Tuesday told reporters about the stonings, which took place in the northeastern city of Mashhad about 20 days ago, the reports said. According to the Mashhad prosecutor, the men committed various crimes, including adultery and murder, Jamshidi said. In the practice, the men are buried up to their chests and people pelt them with stones until they die. A third was supposed to have been stoned to death. However, he freed himself by climbing out of the stone hole. He still awaits punishment. "Stoning is a horrific practice, designed to increase the suffering of those facing execution, and it has no place in the modern world," Amnesty International said last year. Jamshidi said Iran's judiciary chief, Ayatollah Heshemi Shahroudi, had made recommendations that would ban the practice and said that a measure has been introduced in Parliament to stop the punishment. But "until this measure is approved and becomes law, the judges have the independence not to pay heed to the recommendations of the Judiciary chief," Jamshidi said. Amnesty said in a report last year that Iran's penal code allows execution by stoning as the penalty for adultery. The group said the law calls for stones "large enough to cause pain, but not so large as to kill the victim immediately." In August, Amnesty International issued a statement welcoming an announcement that stoning had been suspended and several women had their sentences commuted. In that announcement, the group said at least one stoning execution was carried out in 2007 in Qazvin province and a woman and a man were known to have been stoned to death in Mashhad in May 2006. "The majority of those sentenced to death by stoning are women. Women are not treated equally with men under the law and by courts, and they are also particularly vulnerable to unfair trials because their higher illiteracy rate makes them more likely to sign confessions to crimes they did not commit," Amnesty said. CNN's Shirzad Bozorgmehr contributed to this report.
highlights: Officials say two men in Iran stoned to death for adultery and murder . Country heavily criticized for its use of stoning punishment . One man escaped death by digging his way out of hole where he was buried .
id: d4c9e81c8728c138cc6e44095d51b9b7e0ed4fd6
chatgpt: In a brutal display of punishment, two men have been stoned to death in Iran for committing the crimes of adultery and murder. The incident has drawn heavy criticism from international human rights groups who have long opposed the use of stoning as a form of punishment. According to officials, the two men, whose identities have not been disclosed, were convicted of committing adultery and murder and were subsequently sentenced to death by stoning. The execution took place in a public space in the city of Mashhad in front of a large crowd of onlookers. While the use of stoning as a form of punishment is still legal in Iran, many human rights groups have called for its abolition, citing its inhumane and brutal nature. In a statement released after the execution, Amnesty International condemned the use of stoning as "a cruel, inhuman and degrading punishment that has no place in any society, let alone one that purports to uphold human rights." In a macabre twist, one of the men was able to escape his execution by digging his way out of the hole where he was buried. While the details of his escape remain unclear, it is believed that he was able to use his hands to dig a hole through the ground and escape before the stoning could commence. The incident has sparked renewed calls for Iran to abolish stoning as a form of punishment. Many have denounced the practice as a violation of basic human rights, arguing that it is not only unnecessary but also barbaric. "Stoning must be abolished once and for all," said Sharan Srinivas, a representative for Amnesty International. "It is a cruel and inhuman punishment that has no place in modern society. Iran must take immediate action to put an end to this practice and ensure that all those responsible for this barbaric execution are brought to justice." Despite the mounting criticism, the Iranian government has defended the use of stoning as a legitimate form of punishment. Officials have argued that it is a necessary tool for maintaining law and order in the country and that it is in accordance with Islamic law. However, many experts disagree, arguing that stoning is a relic of a bygone era and has no place in modern society. As the debate rages on, the two men who were stoned to death will forever remain a tragic symbol of a practice that many believe should be consigned to the history books.