article: A 20-year-old student has been charged with setting fire to a classmate in his dorm then singing as he filmed her waking up engulfed in flames. Jaime Castano is said to have admitted to police that he took a video on his phone showing his drunk victim asleep in his bed as flames licked across her body. According to court papers, the video showed Castano singing as the 19-year-old woke up in agony and desperately tried to put out the blaze which had spread across her body. Charges: Former New York University student Jaime Castano has been charged with setting fire to a fellow student who fell asleep in his dorm room, then filmed and sang along to the moment she woke up in flames . The teenager suffered 'painful burns and scarring to her torso', it was alleged in a criminal complaint seen by the New York Daily News. Castano was arraigned yesterday on charges of assault and reckless endangerment in connection with the incident last August. He was held on a bond of £50,000 or $25,000 cash bail. The victim, a fellow student of Castano's at New York University, claims she and a third person were with Castano at his dorm room on Lafayette Street when she fell asleep at about 11pm on August 23, CBS New York reported. At around 6am the following the morning she woke to find holes and burn marks on her bed and blankets, burns on her clothes, and painful burns on her body, prosecutors told the broadcaster. But she wasn't aware of what caused the fire until she saw Castano's video, which he had shared with the photo-messaging application Snapchat, it is claimed. The victim reported the attack to university officials but they did not alert police until October 27 - more than two months after it allegedly occurred. An NYU spokesman would not comment on the delay when asked by the the New York Daily News, but did tell the paper that Castano was expelled in September over the alleged attack. The victim's identity has not been made public. Castano is due back on court on Friday to learn if he has been indicted.
highlights: Jaime Castano said to have shared mobile phone clip on Snapchat . He allegedly set fire to the victim after she fell asleep drunk in his room . She told NYU officials but they did not contact police for two months . Castano has been expelled from the university over the alleged incident .
id: 950ff9788b1d941e7f5dafbb0595691968436d6b
chatgpt: Former NYU student Jaime Castano has been expelled from the university for allegedly setting fire to a fellow student while she was sleeping after consuming alcohol in his room. Castano, who reportedly shared a mobile phone clip of the incident on Snapchat, is now facing charges of assault and reckless endangerment. The victim, whose identity has not been disclosed, reported the incident to NYU officials, who failed to contact the police for two months. According to sources, the university conducted an internal investigation and took disciplinary action against Castano before the victim went to the police. The victim said she was asleep in Castano's room after partying with friends when he doused her with an accelerant and set her on fire. She alleged that she woke up in flames and was seriously injured. The victim said she reported the incident to NYU officials, but they did not take immediate action. Castano, who has not yet entered a plea, now faces criminal charges for the alleged incident. The former student’s lawyer has not responded to requests for comments on the matter. In a statement, NYU officials said they are taking the incident seriously and have taken necessary measures to ensure the safety and well-being of all students. The institution also confirmed that it has a zero-tolerance policy for sexual and physical assault on campus and regularly educates students on how to report such instances. The university also said it is working with law enforcement to ensure that justice is served in the Castano case. NYU has not commented on whether it will change its policies to ensure that such incidents are reported to the police immediately. The incident has raised questions about the culture of universities and their response to cases of sexual and physical assault. In recent years, universities across the United States have faced criticism for mishandling such cases, and some have been fined millions of dollars for failing to comply with federal guidelines. As the trial continues, it remains to be seen what implications the case will have for NYU and other universities across the country. Experts say the incident highlights the need for universities to create a safer environment for students, and to take stronger action against perpetrators of sexual and physical assault.