article: A high school science teacher is facing multiple sex charges after being accused of fondling a student and sending another sexually explicit texts and photos. Michelle Stabach Jensen was initially arrested on obscenity charges for sending the photos and texts to one of her students. The 'sexual explicit' material was discovered after another teacher at J.L. Mann High School in Greenville County, South Carolina, overheard other students talking about the teacher. Michelle Stabach Jensen, 40, faces up to 15 years in jail for 'sexual battery' When police seized the 17-year-old boy's cell phone they found lewd text messages and photographs that were sexual in nature. Jensen, 40, resigned immediately after she was confronted with the evidence by school chiefs a week ago. She faced obscenity charges but within 24 hours police said she facing further more serious charges of sexual battery. According to an arrest warrant a 17-year-old student said Jensen touched his genitals while she allowed him to fondler her breasts. Jensen was charged with two counts each of unlawful dissemination of obscene materials to persons under 18 years of age, and delinquency of a minor. Both charges are felonies. She also faces one count of sexual battery and could be jailed for up to 15 years if convicted of all charges. Jensen's misdemeanors were discovered after another teacher at J.L. Mann High School overheard students talking about the teacher . Greenville County Schools spokesman Oby . Lyles said J.L. Mann Principal Charles Mayfield was informed on Friday, . November 9 of allegations of inappropriate texts to students after a . teacher reported an alleged conversation overheard between students. 'The administration immediately began its investigation and contacted the school’s Resource Office with the Greenville City Police,' Lyles said via email Thursday. 'The principal met with the teacher that day and she resigned while the investigation continued. The charges will be communicated to the State Department of Education, which determines revocation of teaching certificates.' Jensen is being held at the Greenville County Detention Center on $13,000 bond. Video: New charges for former JL Mann Teacher, charged with sexual battery .
highlights: Michelle Stabach Jensen, 40, was initially arrested for sending sexually explicit texts and photos . She resigned, but within 24 hours was accused of fondling a 17-year-old boy . Currently being hold on a $13,000 bond, she faces up to 15 years in jail for 'sexual battery'
id: 007f4a3310324f2c3e7a201ae313733f2f1234ce
chatgpt: Michelle Stabach Jensen, a 40-year-old from Florida, has been arrested on charges of sexual battery involving a minor. The former assistant principal at Clay High School was taken into custody after a 17-year-old boy accused her of fondling him. This comes just days after she resigned from her position at the school amid allegations of sending sexually explicit texts and photos. The initial incident occurred just a few days ago, prompting an investigation into Ms. Jensen's conduct. Following the suspension of her employment, she promptly submitted her resignation. However, that wasn't the end of the story, as within 24 hours she was once again embroiled in controversy, this time for something much more serious. The victim is a male student at the high school where Ms. Jensen worked, although at this stage it is unclear whether or not she knew him prior to the incident. He has claimed that Ms. Jensen fondled him during a series of encounters at her home, which appeared to be consensual at first but soon turned physical. He has since informed the authorities and Ms. Jensen was taken into custody shortly thereafter. She is currently being held on a $13,000 bond, with preliminary charges of sexual battery of a minor. If convicted, she could face up to 15 years in prison. The case is still being investigated by local authorities, who are trying to determine whether or not there were other victims. Supporters of Ms. Jensen have expressed shock and disbelief at the allegations. They describe her as a kind and compassionate person who has always had the best interests of her students at heart. Others, however, are not surprised by the turn of events. They point to her previous behavior as an indication that she may have had a tendency toward inappropriate conduct. Regardless of what the investigation uncovers, this case is a stark reminder of the need for vigilance in our schools. Educators are given a position of trust and authority over our children, and they must be held to the highest standards of conduct. When they fail to live up to those standards, we have a duty to hold them accountable.