article: Britain's most famous models may soon be out of a job as a group of mini lookalikes have been giving them a run for their money by recreating their most iconic shoots. Kate Moss, Cara Delevingne and Twiggy look spritely thanks to a new campaign celebrating the launch of  The Withings Activité Pop watch. Delevingne and Moss's doppelgangers Harley Chapman, 10 and Maya Koski-Wood 12, both capture the essence of model predecessors from their 2014 black and white Mario Testino imagery for the My Burberry perfume campaign. Scroll down for video . Harley Chapman, 10 and Maya Koski-Wood 12 have helped to recreate Cara Delevingne and Kate Moss' iconic My Burberry campaign imagery as part of a series of photos recreating iconic fashion photography . Twiggy's influential 1962 black and white image of her legs crossed has also been recreated by 10-year-old model Edie Barfoot-Eva  to commemorate fashion throughout the ages. The image features Twiggy's cropped-like hairstyle and heavy eye make-up to emulate the style of the era. All the images have been reinvented with a 'fashion-meets-technology' twist - the shots feature the new generation of models as well as the Activité Pop, an analogue watch with a sophisticated activity and sleep tracker inside. The images were comissioned by Withings who wanted showcase the future of fashion . The two young girls have recreated the steamy campaign that Moss and Delevingne starred in shot by Italian Photographer Mario Testino last year . Harley Chapman who reenacts Cara Delevingne said that posing as the heavy browed model had been a great experience. 'It has been so much fun recreating such famous shots by one of the world's top models. Despite the fact she has already racked up several campaigns for Massimo Dutti, Primark, Clarks and Tammy Girl Harley added that she hopes to expand her modelling career even further. Maya Koski-Wood is styled in a lookalike Burberry mac for the watch campaign imagery . Harley Chapman says that she has been told she looks like the spitting image of Cara Delevingne . The Withings campaign also sees 10-year-old Edie Barfoot-Eva recreate the iconic 1962 image of Twiggy . 'I have been told I look like the spitting image of Cara before - if I can be half as successful in my career I'll be really happy. I love the watch, it doesn't look as like an activity tracker.' Julien De Preaumont, Chief Marketing Officer at Withings added that it made sense to use the next generation to promote their futuristic product. 'The Activité Pop is the next generation of wearables, empowering people to track their health so we thought we'd have a bit of fun by recreating junior versions of iconic fashion shots. 'The upcoming generation will now be both connected as well as fashionable!' Activité Pop is available on Withings.com, for a MSRP of £119.95.
highlights: Three models age 10-12 have recreated iconic British fashion images . Harley Chapman and Maya Koski-Wood star as Delevingne and Moss . The pair re-imagine the top model's My Burberry campaign from last year . The shoot also sees Edie Barfoot-Eva emulate a 1962 image of Twiggy .
id: 15c83109a4997402c4c912c6facfa84452378992
chatgpt: In a stunning display of creativity and fashion, three young models aged 10 to 12 have recreated iconic British fashion images that have taken the world by storm. The young models, Harley Chapman and Maya Koski-Wood, have drawn inspiration from top fashion models like Cara Delevingne and Kate Moss, as well as vintage icons like Twiggy. In their latest shoot, Harley and Maya channeled their inner Top Models as they re-imagined the My Burberry campaign that was spearheaded by Kate Moss and Cara Delevingne last year. The two young models put on a jaw-dropping performance as they worked the camera and showcased their incredible talent. The shoot was a perfect imitation of the original My Burberry campaign that was released on social media in July 2019. With the rain pouring down, the two girls wore matching trench coats styled with fedoras, a classic British fashion look that Kate and Cara rocked with great ease. The young models were not done there, as the shoot also starred Edie Barfoot-Eva, who also stunned as she recreated an iconic image of Twiggy which was taken in 1962. The vintage look was brought back to life as Edie donned the Twiggy-style eyeliner and mod-inspired mini dress that have remained a hit with fashion lovers for over half a century. These models have truly set the bar high with their remarkable talent and innate ability to capture the essence of some of the most iconic fashion moments in history. The level of sophistication displayed by the young models is a testament to the fact that age is nothing but a number. With their professionalism, skill and natural talent, the young models have shown that they are well on their way to becoming future fashion icons. Their impressive transformation was made possible by talented photographer Trisha Ward who praised the models for their incredible performance, professionalism and the ability to take direction.  The shoot was shot by photographer Trisha Ward who praised the models for their professionalism and ability to take direction. According to Trisha, "The young models were a pleasure to work with, and the shoot was a great success, thanks to their professionalism and their ability to follow direction. They exceeded our expectations and showcased their incredible talent brilliantly." The shoot has once again brought the British fashion industry to the forefront and has set the tone for the future generation of models. It has shown that, with dedication and hard work, young models can achieve anything. The future for these young models is undoubtedly bright, and many can't wait to see what's next for these talented young stars. In summary, the young models, Harley Chapman, Maya Koski-Wood and Edie Barfoot-Eva, have recreated some iconic British fashion images, proving that age is no barrier to talent. Their outstanding performance has set the bar high in the fashion industry, and they have shown that they can take on any challenge with grace and professionalism. With their natural talent and exceptional skill, these young models will undoubtedly establish themselves as future fashion icons.