article: By . Aaron Sharp . PUBLISHED: . 08:54 EST, 12 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 11:05 EST, 12 October 2013 . Paedophiles are blackmailing children into performing sex acts by secretly filming them and threatening to share the images if they don't take part in sex games, a charity has claimed. Abusers are using sites like Facebook, Skype and Chatroulette to help find youngsters who have access to webcams, before targeting hacking their PCs and laptops. They exploit computer viruses which can grant access to a victim's computer, enabling them to turn on the webcam of a bedroom computer and begin recording. Going online: Paedophiles are using computer viruses to get access to a victims webcam . (file picture) A charity has claimed that this type of crime is being reported to them more frequently as computers with in-built cameras become commonplace in homes. Anti-online bullying and harassment foundation, the Cybersmile Foundation, said that hackers can track down their victims using special search engines. Once a child has been identified, the attacker uses computer viruses known as trojans which rants them remote access to the targeted PC. When the connection is established, the hacker will turn on the webcam and begin secretly recording the victim. The only way for the webcam's owner to know their machine has been tampered with is if a small light or LED flashes when recording. Scott Freeman, the founder of Cybersmile, said the issue is 'one of the scariest things we have seen'. He said: '(The blackmailers) have this material, them getting dressed or undressed or whatever. 'They want them to do more, to do sexual stuff. I have got my daughter to put a plaster over her webcam, that is how real the worry is.' The charity confirmed that they have received five reports of this type of blackmail in the last three months. Only one in every 15 people caught viewing paedophile images online is arrested according to latest figures . Mr Freeman said: 'If we are getting people contacting us then the real number of victims is obviously much, much higher.' This year a hacker in America was jailed after for accessing the webcam of the current Miss Teen USA and taking pictures of her while she was naked. Internet safety expert Charles Conway, told The Daily Telegraph: 'Users will be tricked into downloading a virus, which may be embedded in a simple piece of software such as a screensaver, or included in a download of a popular music album or movie downloaded from a pirate website or file sharing service.' He said hackers have accessed cameras in children's bedrooms, daycare centres, living rooms and restaurants and have reported being able to take control of cameras, moving them and taking footage remotely. He added: 'Parents would never allow a stranger to take a photo of their child in the park or the swimming pool, but by not taking simple precautionary measures this could be happening in their child's bedroom.' Sorry we are unable to accept comments for legal reasons.
highlights: Charity The Cybersmile Foundation says problem is 'scariest we've seen' Abusers use computer viruses switch on victims' webcams . They threaten to post pictures online if child doesn't cooperate .
id: 501a933351e37fa2eeb68e7522c6a20e07de770b
chatgpt: In a world where technology is constantly advancing, so are the methods that abusers use to prey on children. The Cybersmile Foundation, a leading charity that focuses on promoting positive digital wellbeing, has made a shocking statement - the problem they are seeing with cyber abuse is the 'scariest we've seen'. According to the charity, abusers are no longer just using social media to communicate with children, but are now using more advanced methods, such as computer viruses, to switch on victims' webcams without their knowledge or consent. The abusers then use the footage they obtain to blackmail and threaten the child, with the ultimatum being that they must cooperate or else the pictures will be posted online. This is, without a doubt, a terrifying new development in the battle against online child abuse. The fact that abusers are now able to gain access to a victim's webcam without their knowledge is deeply unsettling. In the past, children were told to be mindful of the images they put online and who they spoke to, but now it seems that even if they are being careful, they can still fall victim to this heinous crime. The rise of cyber abuse has been a growing concern for many years, but with this latest method, it is clear that the problem is only getting worse. The Cybersmile Foundation is just one of the organizations working tirelessly to combat the issue, but it is clear that more needs to be done. Experts agree that parental vigilance is key when it comes to protecting children from online abuse. Parents should make sure that their child understands the dangers of talking to strangers online and should also have open and honest discussions with them about how to safely browse the internet. But even with the best intentions, it can be hard to keep up with all of the latest trends and technologies that abusers are using to target children. That's why it is important for schools to educate children on the dangers of cyber abuse and how to stay safe online. Despite these efforts, there will always be those who seek to exploit vulnerable children for their own gain. It is up to all of us to remain vigilant and report any suspicious behavior we encounter online. In conclusion, the issue of cyber abuse has taken a frightening turn with the use of computer viruses to access children's webcams. The fact that this method of abuse is becoming more prevalent should be cause for concern for all of us. We must all take the necessary steps to ensure that children are educated on the dangers of the internet and are given the tools they need to stay safe. Only by working together can we hope to put an end to this heinous crime once and for all.