article: By . Martin Robinson . UPDATED: . 12:48 EST, 6 September 2011 . A Canadian hair salon has been attacked and its owners sent death threats after using a model posed as a domestic violence victim to pledge its services could make a beaten woman look beautiful. Edmonton business Fluid Salon said they had made her the 'hottest battered woman' ever and usedthe tagline 'Look good in all you do'. Released on a New York blog it shows the well-groomed but bruised woman as her boyfriend or husband is about to give her an expensive diamond necklace. Fury: A salon in Edmonton is under fire for running a controversial series of ads depicting images of domestic violence . A comment posted by Fluid Hair under the picture on its Facebook site reads: 'hottest battered woman I’ve ever laid my eyes upon.' The image has swept across the internet and led to the premises being vandalised with the words in pink and purple paint 'This is art that is wrongly named violence' and 'That was violence wrongly named art'. 'Somebody had spilled paint and spray painted, and glued offensive messages to the windows of the salon,' Edmonton sergeant Rick Evans said, adding the business has been receiving hate mail and death threats. Salon owner Sarah Cameron said the advert reflects society and should be considered art. 'It might strike a chord, but as the way our society and community is getting, we keep tailoring everything because everyone is getting so sensitive,' she said. 'Anyone who has a connection or a story behind anything can be upset or have an opinion. We are not trying to attack anyone.' 'We wanted to push limits. You see the picture, you think it’s a nice photo and then you see the controversy. 'We just like art, and it’s also objective.' But campaigners have reacted furiously to the advert, which is one of six, saying that it glorified violence against women. Jan Reimer, a provincial coordinator with the Alberta Council of Women’s Shelters said:'It glamorises domestic violence. The ad is disturbing and chilling. 'They may have had the best of intentions, but I don’t think they thought it out much in terms of what the message is. It seems like this is an ad for domestic violence.' 'I was appalled,' blogger Kasia Gawlak said. 'It’s like saying, "at least you have good looking hair when your boyfriend abuses you." 'The women who have been abused (deal) with real pain, heartbreak and suffering — it’s not something that should be trivialised to sell a hair salon.'
highlights: Controversial advert claims that Canada's Fluid Salon will ensure visitors 'Look good in all you do' Campaigners have said it promotes domestic violence .
id: 7c7dcc25f5e64e1fcd68843f4be99666d103c60c
chatgpt: Canada's Fluid Salon is under fire after a controversial advert that claims it can ensure visitors "look good in all you do." The advertisement, which has sparked accusations of promoting domestic violence, prompted campaigners to call for its immediate removal. The salon, which is known for its high-end haircutting and styling services, posted the ad on its website and social media pages earlier this week. The image featured a woman with a black eye and bruises on her face, along with the slogan "Look good in all you do." Many social media users were quick to criticize the advert, with some calling it "disgusting" and "offensive." Others accused the salon of using domestic violence to sell its services, saying that it was promoting a dangerous message. Campaigners have also spoken out against the advert, calling for it to be taken down immediately. A spokesperson for the End Violence Against Women Coalition said: "This advert is deeply disturbing and offensive. It is not acceptable to use domestic violence to sell products or services, and we urge Fluid Salon to remove it from their website and social media pages immediately." In a statement, Fluid Salon defended the advert, saying that it was not intended to promote domestic violence. They explained that the image was meant to be a symbolic representation of the struggles that women face in their daily lives, and that the slogan was simply a way of saying that they could help women feel confident and empowered. However, many people remain unconvinced by the salon's explanation. Some have even called for a boycott of the business, saying that they will never visit the salon again as a result of the advert. This is not the first time that a company has come under fire for using domestic violence in its advertising. In 2013, Jeep was forced to pull an ad featuring a woman with a black eye after it sparked outrage among campaigners. It remains to be seen whether Fluid Salon will take action in response to the controversy. However, with many people calling for the advert to be removed, it seems likely that the salon will have to make a decision soon. In the meantime, the controversy has sparked a wider conversation about the use of domestic violence in advertising. Many campaigners are calling for companies to be more responsible in their marketing, and to avoid using violence and abuse as a way of selling products or services. It is clear that this is an issue that will continue to be debated in the coming months and years, as businesses and consumers alike grapple with the question of what is and is not acceptable in advertising.