article: By . Associated Press . Michelle Obama's annual question-and-answer session with the children of Executive Office employees took a serious turn Thursday when a 10-year-old girl in the front row told the first lady that her dad had been out of work for three years. Then the girl popped up to hand the first lady his resume. The First Lady seemed a little taken aback but then explained to the other children, who might not have heard the girl's comment, that the matter was 'a little private, but she's doing something for her dad.' Mrs Obama promised to deal with the matter later. Scroll down for video . Charlotte Bell, 10, handed Michelle Obama her dad's resume during the White House's annual Take Our Daughters and Sons to Work Day' on Thursday . After the event Michelle Obama gave the little girl a hug and took the resume with her . When the event ended, Obama gave the . girl, Charlotte Bell, 10, a hug and then reached back to grab the resume . off a table as she left the East Room. The first lady played host to . the children at the White House on Take Our Daughters and Sons to Work . Day. Bell's family had joked over the weekend about making a job pitch to the First Lady, but her parents didn't know she would give it a try, according to her mother, an executive branch employee who did not want to be identified. Bell's father, Ben Bell, has been looking for a policy job for more than two years and recently has been trying to get a job with the Obama administration. He worked on the Obama campaign in 2012. Miss Bell's father worked for Obama's 2012 campaign and has been looking for a policy job . First lady Michelle Obama takes questions from children of Executive Office employees during the White House's annual Take Our Daughters and Sons to Work Day .
highlights: Michelle Obama held a question-and-answer session with with children of Executive Office employees on Thursday as part of Take Our Daughters and Sons to Work . Day . During the event, Charlotte Bell, 10, gave the First Lady her jobless father's resume . After the event Obama gave the little girl a hug . She also took the resume of the girl's father, Ben Bell, with her .
id: a9e2a4f82b26e7f68bbe560b8fbbc587d911538f
chatgpt: Michelle Obama, the former First Lady of the United States, held a question-and-answer session with the children of Executive Office employees on Thursday as part of Take Our Daughters and Sons to Work Day. The event, which was held at the White House, gave children the opportunity to learn about different careers and job opportunities. During the event, a young girl named Charlotte Bell, who is just 10 years old, had the opportunity to meet Michelle Obama and ask her some questions. But it was something she did after the event that caught the attention of many people. Charlotte handed the former First Lady her father's resume because he had been struggling to find a job. The gesture was a touching moment and showed just how much young Charlotte cares about her father's future. Michelle Obama was moved by the gesture and gave Charlotte a hug. She also took the resume of the girl's father, Ben Bell, with her. It's not clear if Ben Bell will be able to secure a job in the Trump administration, but Charlotte's efforts certainly demonstrate how much she cares about her family and their future. Michelle Obama has been an advocate for children and their education throughout her career. She has often spoken about the importance of helping children to succeed and providing them with the tools they need to become successful in life. The former First Lady has also been an advocate for women's rights and equality. During her time in the White House, she launched the Let Girls Learn initiative, which aimed to help young girls around the world get access to education. Michelle Obama's speech to the children participating in Take Our Daughters and Sons to Work Day was inspiring and motivational. She told them that they could achieve anything they wanted in life if they worked hard and believed in themselves. Overall, the event was a great success and helped to show young children the importance of education and hard work. Charlotte Bell's gesture also demonstrated how important it is to care for our loved ones and support them in their endeavors.