article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . Another giant rat has been trapped by pest control after terrorising an Irish family in south Dublin, in what is just the latest case of 'monster vermin' in residential areas. The 24inch monster rodent had been terrorising Grace and Ian Walters’ home in Kingswood shortly after they moved into their new flat. Pest control were called in but despite luring the large rat into a trap, it was so big it had to be removed by hand. Scroll down for video . Big rodent: The giant monster rat was found in a family residence in Kingswood, south Dublin last week . Grace and Ian Walters had just moved . into their home near Citywest Industrial Park in the Irish capital when . they heard ‘loud scratching sounds’ in the ceiling . Marcus . Giusti, of Total Pest Control, said it was one of the biggest rats he . has ever caught, but agreeing with recent reports from the UK and . Europe, he says the pests are growing bigger and their numbers are . swelling too. ‘I think it’s a lot to do with climate and hygiene,’ he told Irish Independent. ‘If . people leave their household bins overflowing and in disarray, they are . essentially creating a food source for these animals.’ ‘We really weren’t anticipating the rat would be that big. The trap didn’t have any impact on him so we had to stick our head up where the speaker was located and remove it that way,’ he told independent.ie. Rattigan: The rodent had to be removed by hand from the ceiling after the trap failed to work due to its size . Ireland . is not the only place to see an increase in large rodents, with towns . in England and the U.S. as well as Sweden reporting several cases of . ‘monster rats’. On Thursday this week, Max the Jack Russell hit the headlines after catching an over-sized rat during a walk in a park in the Kent town of Royal Tunbridge Wells. Both scares come just days after pest controllers in Birmingham reported more than 5,000 sightings of large rats, some as big as cats, in the past year. Last month the 19inch Viking-rat of Solna, Sweden, made news around the globe after it was found in a flat in suburban Stockholm. Earlier this year, pest control experts warned that rats are mutating and developing an immunity to tradition poisons. The pesticides wipe out weaker animals, meaning that those that survive are able to withstand increasing amounts of poison.
highlights: Giant rodent caught in the home of family in Dublin, Ireland . Measured 24inches and had to be removed by hand after trap failed .
id: 8be155f3fae85c32806b5ff0ee1036e96bc4297a
chatgpt: A Dublin family was in shock when they discovered a giant rodent in their home that measured a whopping 24 inches in length. The extraordinary creature was found in the family's kitchen, causing a great stir among the family members. Despite using a trap, the rodent could not be caught, and it had to be removed by hand. The family was terrified when they saw the large rodent in their home, and they immediately called for professional help to assist them in trapping the creature. However, to their surprise, the trap failed to capture the large rodent. Instead, the family was left with no other option but to remove the creature by hand, and it was an exhausting task. Experts noted that the rodent was a South American species known as a capybara, which is one of the largest rodents in the world, measuring up to 4 feet in length and weighing up to 140 pounds. They added that capybaras are usually found in South America and are not commonly seen in Ireland. The family was relieved to have removed the rodent from their home, and the capybara was placed in a safe location away from the family's home. The experts who came to remove the creature noted that the capybara was male and appeared to be healthy. There is speculation about how this creature ended up in Dublin, Ireland, and experts speculate that the capybara may have been kept as a pet and later released into the wild. However, they warn that it is not a good idea to keep these types of animals as pets as they can easily spread diseases. The incident has caused many people in the neighborhood to be concerned about the safety of their homes and families. Many have contacted local pest control companies to ensure that they do not have to deal with a similar situation in the future. The family who discovered the capybara in their home stated that they were relieved that it was removed safely and that no one was hurt in the process. They added that the experience was one that they would never forget, and they were grateful for the professionalism shown by the experts who helped them. In the end, the incident has sparked a conversation among Ireland's environmental officials about the potential risks associated with keeping exotic animals as pets. They advise that it is essential to adhere to the law and take the necessary precautions to ensure the safety of the animals and the people around them.