article: Former Royal Bank of Scotland chief executive Stephen Hester received a £1million payout from the bailed-out bank earlier this year . Former Royal Bank of Scotland chief executive Stephen Hester faces a fresh political row over his pay after it emerged he received a £1million payout from the bailed-out bank earlier this year. The news came just days after the bank was fined £400 million for rigging foreign exchange markets between 2008 and 2013 – the period during which he was at the helm. The pay committee at RBS, which is 79 per cent owned by the Treasury, approved an award of around 250,000 shares in the bank in March as part of a long-term incentive plan. Although part of an existing scheme, it could have withheld the shares. RBS was one of five banks fined by the Financial Conduct Authority and US regulators after it was found a network of traders had colluded to manipulate currency markets. RBS and Hester are no strangers to political rows over pay. Earlier this year Chancellor George Osborne was forced to prevent the bank from paying its top bankers bonuses worth twice their salary, while in 2012 Hester was forced to give up a £963,000 bonus. Hester, whose mansion in Oxfordshire is thought to be worth more than £7 million, was ousted from his role in June 2013. He now runs insurance giant RSA, owners of MoreThan. Business Secretary Vince Cable said: ‘The banks have paid large fines, but people are fed up with the fact that the bankers who have caused so much damage to our economy through their reckless behaviour can break the law and get away scot-free. 'As well as the new management taking back the bonuses of those responsible, prosecutors must look hard at whether criminal action against former senior managers and directors can also be obtained, so wrongdoers can be brought to justice.’ There is no suggestion that Hester was aware of any wrongdoing until official investigations began. Shadow Chief Secretary to the Treasury, Chris Leslie, said: ‘It will take a lot to convince me this scale of awards is truly justified. The pay committee at RBS, which is 79 per cent owned by the Treasury, approved an award of around 250,000 shares . ‘If we have moved to long-term bonuses that can be clawed back then that has to bite if we discover misbehaviour.’ Mark Garnier, Conservative MP for Wyre Forest and a member of the Parliamentary Commission on Banking Standards, said: ‘We have to make these people get it that they are responsible for these organisations. 'They are in a position to set in place mechanisms and reporting lines that means if they can’t know every single transaction, they can make sure things have been done properly.’ It was unclear last night if the Chancellor was informed by RBS that it had made the award. RBS and Hester both declined to comment.
highlights: Former RBS executive Stephen Hester received £1million payout from bank . Royal Bank of Scotland has been fined £400million for rigging markets . Exchange rates targeted between 2008 and 2013, when he was at the helm . He was given  250,000 shares in the bank as part of an incentive plan .
id: 179d55b12fb41e5c9df3da9276b6e853c2982f8f
chatgpt: Former CEO of Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS), Stephen Hester, has received a £1million payout from the bank, despite the financial institution being fined £400million for rigging markets. The bank allegedly targeted exchange rates between 2008 and 2013, a period when Hester was in charge. As part of an incentive plan, he was awarded 250,000 shares in the bank. This news has been met with disgruntlement from a number of quarters. Critics argue that the fine sends a strong message against market manipulation, and the fact that Hester received such a large payout reflects poorly on the bank's commitment to tackling wrongdoing. Hester's payout also reignites debate surrounding excessive executive pay, particularly in the banking sector. It is not the first time RBS has found itself at the center of a scandal. In 2012, the bank was fined £390million for manipulating the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR), a critical benchmark for setting interest rates. The bank was also bailed out by the UK government in 2008, after it nearly collapsed due to reckless investments. In the wake of the latest scandal and following a change in management, RBS has pledged to reform its culture and avoid similar incidents in the future. Nonetheless, the bank still faces significant challenges over the next few years, particularly as it attempts to regain public trust in the wake of numerous scandals. The bank's abominable track record raises pressing questions about accountability and executive compensation. Critics argue that it is only through holding executives to account for their actions that real change can be achieved. Some have suggested that potential fines should be deducted from executive bonuses, ensuring that wrongdoers, rather than shareholders or taxpayers, bear the costs of misconduct. Others point to the fact that, despite ongoing reforms, banks like RBS continue to be mired in scandal. This is evidence, they argue, of deeper, systemic problems within the banking sector, which require far-reaching reforms if they are to be fully addressed. Despite these criticisms, RBS maintains that it is committed to rooting out wrongdoing and promoting accountability. In a statement, a spokesperson for the bank said: "We take these matters very seriously, and have taken extensive steps to address the issues raised. We are committed to ensuring that our employees at all levels conduct themselves with the utmost professionalism, and that our customers can rely on us to uphold high standards of integrity and transparency." The bank will now hope that it can draw a line under the latest scandal, and work towards regaining the trust of the public and its investors. However, this may prove difficult, given the extent of past wrongdoing and the long-standing culture of impunity that has characterized the banking sector.