article: (CNN) -- Ferrari president Luca Di Montezemelo has launched an end of season salvo at F1 supremo Bernie Ecclestone, saying "the era of the one man show cannot continue" if the sport is to move forward. "We are approaching the time when we need to think about the future," said Di Montezemolo, who was unhappy about the role Ecclestone played in the controversy surrounding the last race in Brazil where Sebastian Vettel clinched the title from Ferrari No.1 Fernando Alonso. Ferrari believed Vettel may have made an illegal overtaking move under a yellow flag which, should he have been punished, would have meant Alonso took the title instead. "Every so often, Bernie likes to play the boss and gets involved in matters that don't concern him: godfathers no longer exist, at least not in Formula 1," Di Montezemolo was quoted on the official Ferrari website. "Interpretation of flags, be they yellow or blue is nothing to do with him and he used expressions that I do not accept. "Our behavior in this instance was not only transparent, but perfect and maybe he would do better to think about attracting bigger crowds and more youngsters, and to discuss more with the television stations and the media." Di Montezemolo conceded that Ecclestone had achieved "significant things" but that at 82 years of age questions should be asked about his continued stewardship of the sport. "It's not a case of replacing Bernie and in fact I do not like doing to others what I would not want to happen to myself. "The future should be in the hands of a team that will look after all the different areas. "We are slowly approaching the end of a period characterized by the style of one man who has done significant things." Ecclestone recently said he would only quit when he felt he was not doing a good job. "I hope that's what I can do; when I feel I can't deliver, I will certainly say goodbye," he was quoted on the official F1 website. Di Montezemolo again reiterated his opposition to the ban on testing during the F1 grand prix season and said he would be putting across his arguments when he meets Ecclestone and FIA president Jean Todt. "As for testing, it's getting close to ridiculous," he said. "The FIA is not opposed to it, we are not and so what is the reason for it, " he added. He also congratulated Red Bull and Vettel on their double victory in the drivers' and constructors' championship. Vettel, who clinched a title hat-trick in Brazil, "had an amazing car and is a great driver," said Di Montezemolo. "If for whatever reason, Alonso was to retire, then I'd like Vettel, a driver who has his feet on the ground and a great will to win." Ferrari has been strongly linked with a move for Germany's Vettel, but will field Alonso and Brazilian Felipe Massa for the 2013 season.
highlights: Ferrari chief Luca Di Montezemolo criticizes F1 chief Bernie Ecclestone . 'Era of one man show cannot continue' says Di Montezemolo . Ferrari unhappy with role Ecclestone played in final race controversy in Brazil . Di Montezemolo also hints at move for triple world champion Sebastian Vettel .
id: efea03fb9346592f890afe155b636aff0ccf498c
chatgpt: Ferrari's chief Luca di Montezemolo has launched a scathing attack on Formula One's boss, Bernie Ecclestone. In a speech made on a recent trip to Abu Dhabi, di Montezemolo criticised Ecclestone's management style, suggesting the "era of one-man shows" had to come to an end. The attack came amid controversy surrounding the final race of the Formula One season in Brazil, which saw eventual champion Sebastian Vettel win his third world title. Speaking to reporters, di Montezemolo accused Ecclestone of playing an unwanted role in the controversy that had surrounded the race. "It is not acceptable that one individual can have so much power," he said. "Formula One is bigger than any one man and it's time for things to change." Di Montezemolo also hinted that Ferrari was considering an approach to triple world champion Sebastian Vettel, who revealed last week that he would leave Red Bull Racing at the end of the season. "We are always interested in drivers of his calibre," he said. "We will have to wait and see what happens over the coming weeks." His comments have raised eyebrows in the paddock, with many wondering whether he is simply posturing to get a better deal from Ecclestone. However, it is clear that di Montezemolo is unhappy with the current state of Formula One and believes that changes need to be made. The Italian businessman has long been a vocal critic of the sport's governing body, the FIA, and has often commented on the need for a more level playing field. He has also been outspoken about the need for more spectacular racing, pointing out that the current technical regulations often make it hard for drivers to overtake. "We need to create more excitement for the fans," he said. "F1 needs to be a sport that people want to watch, not just a technical exercise for engineers." Di Montezemolo's comments have been met with mixed reactions in the paddock, with some seeing them as a genuine call for change, and others as a power-play ahead of the upcoming negotiations over the sport's new commercial rights deal. Some have also questioned the wisdom of Ferrari making such comments at a time when the team faces mounting pressure to improve its on-track performance. Ferrari is currently without a win this season and has struggled to keep pace with rivals Mercedes and Red Bull. Despite these concerns, di Montezemolo remains bullish about Ferrari's future. Speaking after the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix, he said that the team had "a lot of work to do" but that he remained confident in their ability to bounce back. "We have a great team and we will continue to push hard," he said. It remains to be seen whether di Montezemolo's words will have any real impact on the sport, but one thing is clear: Formula One is facing a period of uncertainty and change. With new regulations due to come into force next year, and the ongoing negotiations over the sport's commercial future, the next few months are likely to see a flurry of activity in the paddock as teams jostle for position and try to adapt to the changing landscape of Formula One. For now, at least, one thing is certain: the sport's future rests in the hands of its leaders, and it remains to be seen whether they are up to the task.