article: Manchester United striker Robin van Persie has warned that recent injury problems will not stop him having a World Cup to remember. Van Persie has disappointed at recent major tournaments and heads in to tomorrow night’s opening Group B game defending champions Spain having recently suffered a groin problem and having escaped with minor cuts following a collision with a kite surfer on a Brazilian beach. But the Old Trafford star claimed today he is ready to go, saying: 'I shouldn't even mention my groin injury, frankly. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Van Persie preparing for Holland's Group B opener with Spain . Ready: Robin van Persie (right) insists he is fit and can fire Holland far at the World Cup in Brazil . Familiar: Van Persie and Dutch manager Louis van Gaal (right) will work together at Manchester United too . 'The last few days I have trained fully and I therefore have no more problems. 'I'm ready for it. Besides, I've been playing six years with aches. There is always something. I've had to learn to do that. 'I'm positive for everything that lies ahead and have faith in our team.' The Dutch are preparing for their final games under coach Louis van Gaal before he leaves to join Van Persie as his new manager at United. Playmaker Wesley Sneijder suggested this week that the Oranje are more together under Van Gaal than they were under Bert van Marwijk when they lost the last World Cup Final to Spain in 2010. And Van Persie struck a similar note ahead of Holland’s official pre-match press conference later today. He said: 'Do not underestimate us, even though Spain are a great team. All smiles: Spain should beware according to van Persie who says he feels it will be a good tournament . Frustrating: Van Persie (left) endured a difficult season at Old Trafford under David Moyes (centre) 'In my view they are the best team in the world. But we are also very good. Don't forget that. 'Of course, we have to prove ourselves again, but it is also a great challenge. We will therefore give it everything. 'Our focus is good and it has to be. What you saw in the past often, is that in the beginning, many jokes were being made. I think that's less the case now. 'We are looking forward to it and are really eager to get started. 'And if we - and I mean not only the players but also the staff and the press - can say that we've had a good tournament, whatever the outcome, that for us will be a success.' Celebrate: Van Persie hopes to be celebrating with van Gaal (right) after the World Cup finals .
highlights: Van Persie has been suffering from groin problems before Brazil . He was also involved in bizarre kite surfing collision that left him with cuts . The Dutch striker says he is 'confident' of upsetting Spain this week . He says Holland must 'prove' themselves and it will be a 'great challenge'
id: bc1996810e5991b492f46a3ed6e0670c3b1355f6
chatgpt: Dutch striker, Robin van Persie, has been struggling with groin problems ahead of the team's opener against Spain in the World Cup. Despite the fitness concerns, Van Persie remains confident that the Netherlands can upset the defending champions. The 30-year-old forward missed a training session recently due to the injury and has been receiving treatment from the team's medical staff. However, he insists that he will be ready to take on Spain when the match kicks-off later this week. Van Persie has also had to contend with an unusual injury after being involved in a kite surfing accident that left him with cuts. The incident occurred during his off-time, but has still caused some concern for the team. "I'm feeling confident ahead of the Spain match," said Van Persie in a recent press interview. "We know that they are a strong team, but we have a great squad and we're determined to prove ourselves in this tournament." The Netherlands have always been a competitive team in international soccer, but have yet to lift the World Cup trophy. Van Persie believes that this could be their year, but knows they will have to put in a strong performance against Spain. "It's going to be a great challenge for us, but we have to prove ourselves in this tournament," he added. "We know that we have the ability to win games and we're going to go out there and give it our all." The Dutch forward has been a key player for the national team in recent years, scoring 50 goals in 102 appearances. He will be hoping to continue his impressive goal-scoring form in the World Cup, but will need to stay injury-free and focused to make an impact. The Netherlands will face Spain in their opening game of the tournament on Friday. The match promises to be an exciting encounter, with both teams possessing a wealth of talent and experience. Van Persie's fitness will be closely monitored by the Dutch camp, but there is no doubt that he will play a crucial role in the team's quest for glory. If he can stay fit and continue his impressive goal-scoring form, he could prove to be the difference-maker for the Netherlands in this tournament.