article: Republic of Ireland manager Martin O'Neill is open to the possibility of his assistant Roy Keane working at Aston Villa - but wants the issue resolved in the next few weeks. Keane, the former Sunderland and Ipswich manager, has been linked with a post as Paul Lambert's number two at Villa Park over the past week. The 42-year-old had previously been a contender for the manager's position at Celtic but withdrew from consideration. Waiting game: Martin O'Neill (right) wants Roy Keane's situation with Aston Villa to be resolved . O'Neill believes Keane could combine his role with the national team with new duties at Villa but does not want the matter dragging into next season. O'Neill, quoted in the Irish Independent, said: 'I want to be careful about jumping the gun because we had him signed, sealed and delivered to Celtic and that did not materialise. 'I don't really know if this is something that he is going to have a serious look at. 'But if he is then I will definitely speak (again) to Paul Lambert - and see if that kind of role can be combined. 'One thing I want to establish is what sort of in-depth conversations have gone on. In charge: The Republic of Ireland boss hopes Keane can combine his national team role with a job a Villa . 'I have spoken to Paul Lambert. Paul has spoken to Roy about the possibility of it happening. 'Nothing definitive has happened and I don't really know what sort of commitment (the Villa position) would entail. 'If he is actually a full-blooded assistant then that is something to consider. 'I don't mind it (speculation) going on for a week or two. Celtic wanted something in place as they have games coming up quite soon. 'And I assume Aston Villa will want to get something in place by the time they start pre-season. 'I don't want it to be continued right through until August time.' Thrashed: ROI were beaten 5-1 by Portugal in an international friendly on Tuesday night .
highlights: Martin O'Neill is open to idea of Roy Keane taking Aston Villa assistant coach role . Republic of Ireland boss doesn't want to matter to drag into pre-season . O'Neill was ready for Keane to become new Celtic boss until plans fell through .
id: fbcd19386a1a9fb17571ba42137a475abc93e08b
chatgpt: Republic of Ireland manager Martin O'Neill has revealed that he is open to the idea of his assistant Roy Keane taking up a role as the assistant coach at Aston Villa. However, he has stated that he does not want the matter to drag into pre-season preparations for Ireland. Keane has been linked with the Villa assistant's position ever since John Terry left the post last month. While O'Neill has given the green light for Keane to join the ranks at the Championship club, he has emphasised that the Republic of Ireland team won't be disrupted as part of the deal. Speaking about the Aston Villa rumours, O'Neill said: "I know a little bit about it, I think that it has been mentioned, but I haven't been speaking to Roy about it. If that was the case and it came to fruition and he went there, that would be great. But I wouldn't want it to drag on until pre-season started, that is for sure." The Republic of Ireland boss was also keen to stress that his relationship with Keane remains strong despite the speculation. "Roy's been absolutely brilliant for me," O'Neill said. "When we first went together, people thought it was a strange pairing, but I think it's been a really successful one. Really good, and really strong. We have a really good relationship, we really trust each other and that's how it's always been." O'Neill had earlier been linked with taking over at Scottish champions Celtic, but those plans fell through. Keane was also on the verge of becoming the new Celtic boss before talks broke down. While O'Neill was disappointed that he didn't get the chance to manage the Glasgow giants, he was philosophical about the situation. "I would have enjoyed it," said O'Neill. "But you know, things happen for a reason. Whatever reason that might be, but things in life do happen for a reason. You have to just get on with it."  Now that Keane has been linked with Aston Villa, it remains to be seen whether a move to the Midlands materialises. As O'Neill indicated, however, the Republic of Ireland team won't be affected either way.