article: By . Steve Hopkins for MailOnline . An epilepsy sufferer was left with a fractured skull after a group of teenagers attacked him with a brick in an attempt to make suffer a seizure. Tony Cartlidge was walking through Northwood Park in Stoke-on-Trent, Staffordshire, when he was set upon earlier this month. The 23-year-old claims the group had launched a bullying campaign against him in an an attempt to make him suffer a seizure, and said this was the second they had attacked him. Tony Cartlidge, who has epilepsy, had a brick thrown at his head by a group of teenagers who he claims were trying to make him suffer a seizure . The 23-year-old spent two nights in hospital after the brick struck him on the head leaving him with a nasty gash to his forehead that required stitches . In the latest incident, on August 15, Mr Cartlidge was chased by a man wielding a machete, before being struck on the head with a brick which one of the group had hurled over a fence. Mr Cartlidge said: 'I felt something hit my head and when I looked down a brick was on the floor. 'There was blood all over me. They want me to have a fit. 'I’m constantly getting called a ‘smackhead’ because I shake on the floor when I have a fit. 'They found out that epileptic people can wet themselves when they have fits and that’s what they’ve been trying to do.' Mr Cartlidge spent two nights in hospital following the attack. He is constantly reminded of the trauma of the assault every time he puts on his trainers, 'because they're still covered in my blood'. Mr Cartlidge crouches down next to a brick at Northwood Park in Stoke-on-Trent where the assault took place . Northwood Park in Stoke-on-Trent where Mr Cartlidge was walking on August 15 when the attack happened . The unemployed man, who lives in Northwood, Stoke-on-Trent, said he has been targeted by the same group of neighbourhood youths before. Two weeks ago he said he was hit in the back of the head with a pair of knuckle dusters and challenged to a fight. Treasurer of the Northwood Residents’ Association, Alan Wrench, said 'it is a surprise to hear about something like this'.  Other local residents called for urgent police action. Pensioner Madge Morris, 81, said: 'There are people knocking about and I have seen youngsters coming down here late at night when they should be in bed. 'If they are old enough to do the crime, they are old enough to be disciplined.' Peter Johnson, 80, said: 'I think it is terrible. It makes you wonder what the law is doing about it. 'You wouldn’t expect that to happen round here. I think teenagers now have nothing else to do.' Staffordshire Police confirmed one man was arrested following the ordeal on suspicion of affray. He has since been bailed as officers continue their investigation.
highlights: Tony Cartlidge claims he is the victim of a campaign of bullying . And was attacked by teenagers who wanted to make him suffer a seizure . He suffered a nasty gash to his head and was in hospital for two days .
id: dfc3bd500ca60d42854ee945566109b340e16059
chatgpt: In a shocking incident of bullying, Tony Cartlidge, a resident of Clifton, has claimed that he has been the target of an ongoing campaign of harassment and violence. According to Mr. Cartlidge, he was attacked by a group of teenagers who were intent on causing him to suffer a seizure. The incident took place last Saturday evening, as Mr. Cartlidge was walking home from a local convenience store. He was approached by a group of youths who began taunting him and hurling insults. Mr. Cartlidge says that the situation quickly escalated, with the teenagers violently shoving him to the ground. "They were shouting at me, calling me names, saying horrible things," recalls Mr. Cartlidge. "Then one of them punched me in the head, and I fell to the ground. I remember feeling this awful pain in my head, and then everything went black." When Mr. Cartlidge regained consciousness, he was lying in a pool of his own blood. He had suffered a nasty gash to his head and was in considerable pain. His wife, who had been searching for him when he failed to return home, immediately called an ambulance. Mr. Cartlidge was rushed to the local hospital, where he was treated for his injuries. He remained in the hospital for two days, receiving multiple stitches and undergoing a battery of tests to ensure that he had not suffered any permanent damage as a result of the attack. According to Mr. Cartlidge, the attack was not an isolated incident. He claims that he has been the victim of an ongoing campaign of harassment and intimidation by a group of teenagers in the area. He says that he has repeatedly reported the incidents to the police, but that no action has been taken. "I feel like I'm living in fear," says Mr. Cartlidge. "I'm constantly looking over my shoulder, wondering when the next attack is going to come. I don't feel safe in my own community." The police have issued a statement regarding the incident, saying that they are investigating the matter and taking it very seriously. They have urged anyone with information about the attack to come forward and speak to the authorities. Meanwhile, the community is rallying around Mr. Cartlidge, offering their support and condemning the actions of the teenage attackers. A GoFundMe campaign has been launched to help cover the medical expenses incurred as a result of the attack. "This is a terrible situation, and no one should have to go through what Tony has experienced," says local resident Sarah Johnson, who started the fundraiser. "We want to show him that he is not alone, and that we care about him and his wellbeing." The incident has sparked a wider debate about the issue of bullying, and what can be done to prevent such incidents from happening. Some have called for greater education and awareness campaigns in schools, while others are advocating for stricter laws and penalties for those who engage in such behavior. Regardless of the outcome, one thing is clear - the community is standing with Mr. Cartlidge, and is determined to ensure that he gets the justice and support he deserves.