article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 11:18 EST, 20 July 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 11:47 EST, 20 July 2012 . The Newsroom's Jeff Daniels has giving a stinging assessment of America's attitude to important current affairs. The 57-year-old actor plays the anchorman in the new HBO Aaron Sorkin drama series. He told CBS News today: 'I think there are many [messages on the . show.] However, one of them, specific to that, is that I don’t think . we’re informed anymore as a country.' Uninformed: Actor Jeff Daniels thinks the American electorate need to pay more attention to the news . 'I think we have the attention span of a . gnat. You know, with cell phones and Twitter.... we don’t know as much . as we need to know.' The controversial show, dubbed a 'lefty gas-cloud' by Fox News, has been a lightning rod for conservative critics since it debuted June 24. He continued: 'Especially in a presidential election, when there’s a lot more marketing of political candidates going on than actual stances on issues, it seems. 'I think the American electorate should work a little harder at getting informed. That includes hearing, truly listening, to what the other side is saying. Whether you’re left or right....start paying attention.' All star cast: The show also stars big names from film and television . The series, which chronicles the behind-the-scenes events at the fictional Atlantis Cable News channel, also stars Sam Waterston and British actors Emily Mortimer and Dev Patel. Daniels, who has starred in cult films like Terms of Endearment, Something Wild and Dumb and Dumber, plays news anchor Will McAvoy who rejects the industry's ratings-driven norms to reclaim journalism. Despite fair ratings, the show has been labelled a flop by critics leading to show creator Sorkin has reportedly fired the entirety of the show's writing staff last week in anticipation of season two. Lightening rod: The show has been heavily criticised since it debuted . But in a May interview with Vanity Fair, Sorkin admitted that his eight-person writing staff didn't actually do much writing in the first season. 'I create these shows so that I can write them,' he said. 'I’m not an empire builder. I’m not interested in just producing. All I want to do is write. I came up as a playwright - writing is something you do by yourself in a room' 'That said, I couldn’t possibly write the show without that room full of people. I go in there, and we kick around ideas. I’m writing about all kinds of things I don’t know anything about. So they do research for me.' Dumbing down: Daniels also starred in cult movie Dumb and Dumber .
highlights: The Newsroom creator Aaron Sorkin sacks 'writing staff for season two'
id: 60caa8e63453ec49092a982571a9e6171ccd173e
chatgpt: In a shocking move, Aaron Sorkin, the creator of hit TV show The Newsroom, has reportedly sacked the entire writing staff for the show's upcoming second season. The news emerged earlier this week and has been met with surprise and concern by fans of the show. According to sources close to the production, Sorkin informed the writers of his decision last week. It's unclear why he made the decision to let them go, but some have speculated that it could be due to creative differences or a desire to take the show in a different direction. The Newsroom premiered in 2012 and quickly became a critical and commercial success. The show, which is set in a fictional cable news station, follows the struggles and ethical dilemmas faced by its anchors and staff as they report on the day's events. The show's first season was praised for its intelligent writing and strong performances by its cast, which includes Jeff Daniels as the lead anchor and Emily Mortimer as his executive producer. With filming for the second season scheduled to begin in the coming weeks, the decision to dismiss the entire writing staff has left many wondering what direction the show will take. Some fear that the second season could be rushed or suffer from a lack of consistency without the input of the original writers. Others remain optimistic, however, pointing out that Sorkin has a reputation for being a meticulous and talented writer who may have a clear vision for where he wants the show to go. Sorkin has yet to comment on the reports, leaving fans and industry insiders clamoring for more details. Some are hoping that the decision to dismiss the writers will ultimately result in a better show with more focused and consistent writing. Despite the uncertainty surrounding the show's future, many fans are eagerly anticipating the return of The Newsroom for its second season. With a strong cast and devoted following, the show has the potential to continue its success, even in the absence of the original writing team. As the show enters its second season, it remains to be seen whether Sorkin's decision will ultimately be viewed as a bold and necessary move or a misstep that has damaged the show's creative integrity. One thing is for sure - The Newsroom will continue to be one of the most closely watched and talked-about shows on television.