article: (CNN) -- Control of Tripoli International Airport changed hands Saturday evening, after an alliance of Islamist militias from around Libya seized the reins from a rival group. Fighting was intense and spread from around the airport to other parts of Tripoli. Unknown fighter jets struck locations used by the alliance -- known as the Libya Dawn forces -- killing at least 12 Misrata militiamen, according to the Libyan state news agency, LANA. Air traffic has been interrupted since the fighting began, with most international carriers suspending flights in and out of Libya. The airport had previously been under the control of moderate militias from the western city of Zintan, who took control of it three years ago during the Libyan revolution, which toppled longtime dictator Moammar Gadhafi. The takeover of the airport followed a more than a monthlong offensive dubbed "Libya Dawn," the alliance said on social media. Nearly three years after a revolution and NATO military intervention, Libya continues to be beset by instability -- politically, militarily and otherwise. That has included extensive violence, much of it involving increasingly powerful militias that have outgunned the North African nation's central government. Late last month, the U.S. Embassy in Tripoli, the United Nations and other international organizations and businesses evacuated their staffs due to the unrest. U.S. Embassy in Libya evacuates personnel . The airport in Tripoli has long been a focal point of this fighting, as fighters tried to wrest control of it from the Zintan militia. The head of Libya's U.N. mission, Tarek Mitri, said in July that the stakes were high for all sides. "As the number of military actors mobilizing and consolidating their presence within the capital continues to grow, there is a mounting sense of a probable imminent and significant escalation in the conflict," Mitri said. Fighting intensifies in Libya, airport control at stake . CNN's Greg Botelho contributed to this report.
highlights: Rival militias have been fighting for weeks in and around Tripoli's airport . An alliance of militias claims that it has taken the airport from a rival militia . Militias are increasingly powerful, outgunning the central government .
id: 091be4cb81a9963009f087c7d9545ac6d03190c7
chatgpt: After weeks of intense fighting in and around Tripoli's airport, an alliance of militias has claimed to have taken control of the airport from a rival militia. The violence between the two groups has left the surrounding areas in chaos, with thousands of civilians caught in the crossfire. The alliance that now controls the airport is made up of various militias that have come together to fight against their rivals. These groups have grown increasingly powerful in recent years, outgunning the central government and challenging its authority. The situation at the airport is just one example of the growing influence of militias in Libya. The airport has been a key target for both sides in the conflict, as it provides a strategic advantage in controlling the airspace over the city. The rival militias have been using the airport as a base of operations, launching attacks on each other and on nearby civilian areas. The international community has expressed concerns over the situation in Libya, with calls for an end to the violence and a return to stability in the country. The United Nations has called for a ceasefire and the resumption of political dialogue to resolve the conflict. However, the rival militias have shown no signs of backing down, and the situation continues to escalate. The fighting has also created a humanitarian crisis, with thousands of civilians forced to flee their homes in search of safety. The United Nations Refugee Agency (UNHCR) has reported that over 10,000 people have been displaced by the conflict, with many living in makeshift camps in the surrounding areas. The international community has not been able to intervene effectively in the conflict due to the complex political and security situation in Libya. The country has been in a state of chaos since the overthrow of long-time dictator Muammar Gaddafi in 2011. The situation at the airport is just one example of how the power vacuum created by his removal has led to the rise of rival militias and instability in the country. For now, the situation at the airport remains tense, with the alliance of militias claiming control. The future of Libya remains uncertain, with the central government struggling to assert its authority over the powerful militias that continue to hold sway over the country.