article: Isthmian Premier Division side Maidstone United overcame the odds to beat League Two Stevenage and set up an FA Cup second round tie with Wrexham. Maidstone's Frannie Collins scored goals either side of a brilliant Darius Charles volley as the seventh-tier side pulled off a memorable 2-1 win against their supposedly superior opposition. Maidstone open the scoring as Frannie Collin takes advantage of some poor goalkeeping from Chris Day . Collin celebrates with team-mate Alex Fisher, whose shot was saved in the build up to the goal . Collin heads in Ben Greenhalgh's cross to restore Maidstone's lead late in the game . Collin scored his second goal of the evening with just three minutes remaining to send Maidstone through . Maidstone manager Jay Saunders celebrates on the pitch with fans after the game . Maidstone's players celebrate in the dressing room after reaching the second round of the FA Cup . Maidstone fans streamed on to the club's 3G pitch following the final whistle . Maidstone Utd: Worgan, Simpson, Miles, Coyle, Mills, Bodkin (Greenhalgh 79), Parkinson, James Rogers, Flisher, May, Collin (Brown 89). Subs not used: Jordan, Robertson, Davies, Kitt, Godman. Goals: Collin 2, 87. Stevenage: Day, Henry, Wells, Charles, Okimo (Dembele 81), Whelpdale, McAllister (Jebb 90), Walton, Deacon (Adams 81), Lee, Barnard . Subs not used: Beasant, Ashton, Bond, Pett. Goals: Charles 47. Att: 2,226. The Kent club took the lead in just the second minute when Jay May's first-time shot was saved weakly by Chris Day and Collin pounced on the rebound, guiding the ball in from close range. But hearts sank around the Gallagher Stadium two minutes into the second half as Stevenage repeated their opponents' feat. Charlie Lee swung in a cross that was expertly volleyed home by former Brentford man Darius Charles. The game had time for one more twist and with just three minutes remaining Collin met Ben Greenhalgh's cross to head in the winner to send the home crowd in to pandemonium. Jay Saunders' side now face an away trip to Wrexham on December 6th in their first FA Cup second round since the club were re-formed in 1992. Stevenage's reserve goalkeeper Day makes a clearance from a corner during the first half . Chris Whelpdale and Maidstone's Alex Fisher compete for the ball during the FA Cup tie in Kent . Smoke from a flare rises from the stand behind the goal during the first round replay . Jay May, who assisted Maidstone's opener, is floored by Darius Charles, who scored Stevenage's . Stevenage manager Graham Westley watches on as his side lose 2-1 against seventh-tier opposition . Former Arsenal youth team player Roarie Deacon tries to tackle Matt Bodkin . Lee Barnard is challenged by Stevenage's Michael Richens at the Gallagher Stadium in Kent . Maidstone and Stevenage line up to shake hands before the clash, they drew 0-0 at Broadhall Way .
highlights: Maidstone set up a second-round FA Cup tie with Wrexham . Frannie Collin opened the scoring early in the first half . Stevenage equalised immediately after the break through Darius Charles . Collin then added his second with three minutes of the match remaining . The two sides drew 0-0 at Broadhall Way earlier this month .
id: ba5f943b6d819471f3a9c495aaa562524c860348
chatgpt: Maidstone United secured a well-deserved place in the second round of the FA Cup after a hard-fought victory over Stevenage in a thrilling encounter on Saturday. The match at the Gallagher Stadium saw Frannie Collin take center stage, scoring two decisive goals to seal the win. Maidstone got off to a perfect start when Collin found the back of the net early in the first half, scoring with a low shot after a composed team move. Stevenage, however, refused to lie down and equalized almost immediately after the break when Darius Charles headed home from close range. The game looked to be heading for a draw until Collin struck again, this time with just three minutes left on the clock. Picking up a well-placed cross, he finished with a confident left-footed strike to send the home fans into raptures. The victory was sweet revenge for Maidstone, who could only manage a goalless draw at Broadhall Way earlier this month. It was a hard-earned win, but one that was richly deserved for Jay Saunders' men, who showed tremendous resilience and character throughout the game. Maidstone dominated proceedings for long periods, playing with a high tempo and creating numerous chances. Jack Powell and Stuart Lewis were at the heart of everything good for the home side, orchestrating attacks and driving their team forward. Stevenage, meanwhile, had their moments and looked dangerous on the counter-attack. Ben Kennedy and Charlie Lee were especially lively, causing problems for the home defense with their pace and movement. The game was an excellent advertisement for non-league football, played in good spirits and with plenty of passion and commitment from both sides. Maidstone's fans were in fine voice throughout, creating a raucous atmosphere that spurred their team to victory. Looking ahead to the second round tie with Wrexham, Maidstone will be confident of causing an upset. The Dragons, who play in the National League, will certainly provide a tough test, but with Collin in top form and the home fans behind them, Maidstone will fancy their chances of progressing to the third round. Overall, Saturday's match was a great advert for the FA Cup and non-league football. Maidstone's victory over Stevenage was well deserved and they will be eagerly anticipating the next round of the competition. With Frannie Collin in fine form, they will be rightly regarded as one of the dark horses of this year's competition.