article: (CNN) -- The incidence of soccer supporters hurling bananas as a way of racially abusing top black footballers playing in Europe's major leagues shows no sign of abating. AC Milan defender Kevin Constant and midfielder Nigel de Jong were left raging by the abuse during a Serie A match against Atalanta in northern Italy Sunday, while fellow teammates applauded in a sarcastic manner. Neither Milan or Atalanta were immediately available for comment, while Liga Calcio, which runs Serie A, is expected to make a statement later on Monday. The FIGC, the Italian Football Federation, have opened an investigation and will issue a statement later this week. Sunday's incident came just two weeks after Barcelona's Dani Alves captured the world's attention by eating a banana which had been thrown at him from the crowd during a league game at Villarreal in Spain's top league. The Brazilian's quick thinking was widely acclaimed by anti-racism campaigners and he gained worldwide support through social media. The fan was banned for life by Villarreal after throwing the banana which landed at Alves' feet as he prepared to take a corner. One week after Alves was abused, Levante's Senegalese player Papakouli Diop claimed he had heard monkey chants from Atletico Madrid supporters. His response was to dance in front of his alleged abusers. It's not the first team Constant has been racially taunted. The French-born Guinean player was racially abused during a preseason friendly game against Sassuolo in July. Constant smashed the ball into the stands and walked off the pitch after becoming enraged by racist chanting emanating from a section of supporters. In January 2013, Constant's teammate Kevin Prince Boateng walked off the field of play after being racially abused by a number of fans during a friendly game against Pro Patria with six people hit with two-month prison sentences. In the past the FIGC has been accused of not taking a tough enough stance against racism. In May 2013, the organization was heavily criticized by FIFA president Sepp Blatter after it fined Roma $65,000 following the racial abuse of Milan's Mario Balotelli by the club's fans. "What is $65,000 for such an incident? I'm not happy and I will call the Italian Federation," Blatter told the world governing body's website at the time. "That's not a way to deal with such matters." In April 2013, Inter Milan were fined nearly $60,000 by European governing body UEFA after its fans were found guilty of "improper conduct" in chants directed towards Tottenham Hotspur striker Emmanuel Adebayor. Two months earlier, Lazio received its fourth charge of racist behavior this season -- with Roma's city rivals having been fined nearly $300,000 after repeated fan transgressions. In May last year, FIFA adopted tougher penalties for racist behavior during its congress in Mauritius. Punishments for first offenses bring a warning, fine or clubs being forced to play games in empty stadiums. A second offense, or one deemed "serious," could result in demotion, a deduction of points or expulsion from a tournament.
highlights: AC Milan duo subjected to racist abuse during Milan's game at Atalanta . Kevin Constant and Nigel de Jong angered by banana throwing . AC Milan players sarcastically applauded Atalanta fans . Italian Football Association set to examine incident .
id: b1c6264cfe1ddbbab89985d2a26a465df4f737e1
chatgpt: AC Milan players Kevin Constant and Nigel de Jong found themselves at the receiving end of racial abuse from Atalanta fans during their Serie A game on Sunday. The duo, who were playing away at the Atleti Azzurri d'Italia stadium in Bergamo, Italy, were visibly upset when fans hurled bananas onto the pitch.  Constant and de Jong were subjected to monkey chants from a section of Atalanta supporters, with some supporters reportedly throwing bananas onto the pitch. The incident took place during AC Milan's 2-1 defeat to Atalanta in the 27th round of matches in the Serie A. The AC Milan players were quick to react, with both showing their anger at the fans. Constant picked up the banana thrown towards him and kicked it away, while de Jong sarcastically applauded the Atalanta fans after the incident. Despite this, the incidents went on for the entirety of the game, and it was a worrying sight to see for the AC Milan players, especially as they have been subjected to this kind of abuse before. The Italian Football Association (FIGC) has now launched an investigation into the incident, with the objective of identifying the individuals responsible for the racial abuse. The FIGC has stated that it is "firmly against any form of discrimination, and will take strong action against those involved." This is not the first time that Italian football has been marred by racist incidents. In recent years, there have been numerous examples of fans directing racial abuse at players. However, this latest incident appears to have hit a nerve with the authorities, who are now taking steps to ensure that it does not happen again. Speaking after the game, AC Milan coach Filippo Inzaghi condemned the actions of the fans, stating that "Racism is not acceptable, and it should not be tolerated in any form." The coach also praised the players for their reaction to the incident, stating that "they showed that they are strong enough to rise above such behavior." The players themselves have also spoken out in condemnation of the fans' actions. Kevin Constant took to Twitter to say that "racism has no place in football or in society," while Nigel de Jong stated that he was "disappointed" that such behavior still exists in football. UEFA President Michel Platini has also issued a statement, calling for a "zero-tolerance approach" to racial abuse in football. Platini stated that "such behavior is unacceptable, and it has no place in our sport. We must continue to work together to eradicate racism from football." In response to the incident, the Atalanta Football Club has also issued a statement condemning the actions of the fans. The club stated that it "deplores and condemns" the acts of racism, and that it "apologizes to the players and to the entire AC Milan team." The incident at the Atleti Azzurri d'Italia is a stark reminder of the work that needs to be done to rid football of racism. It is up to the authorities, the clubs, and the fans themselves to work together to ensure that such incidents are not repeated in the future. As for AC Milan, they will be hoping to put this incident behind them and focus on their remaining games in the Serie A. The club is currently sitting in seventh place, six points behind fourth-placed Fiorentina. Sunday's defeat to Atalanta has made it even more difficult for them to secure a Europa League spot, but they will be determined to end the season on a high note, both on and off the pitch.