article: (CNN) -- Andy Johns, the engineer and producer who worked on albums by Led Zeppelin, the Rolling Stones, Television and Van Halen, has died, according to guitarist Stacey Blades, who was collaborating on a project with him. Johns, who died Sunday, was 61. Blades noted that Johns had entered the hospital about 10 days ago. "Andy's health wasn't all that great over the last six months or so, but he was still Andy," he told CNN. "When I got the call yesterday I was shocked." Johns, the younger brother of famed producer Glyn Johns, was the engineer for most of Led Zeppelin's output, including "Led Zeppelin II," "Led Zeppelin IV," "Houses of the Holy" and "Physical Graffiti." He was known for his skill at recording a range of guitar sounds and, especially, John Bonham's room-shaking drums. He also had a hand in the Rolling Stones' "Sticky Fingers," "Exile on Main Street" and "Goats Head Soup," Van Halen's "For Unlawful Carnal Knowledge" (which he produced) and two albums by guitarist Joe Satriani. "Lovely guy -- patient, skilled, funny, encouraging, sharp ... all the qualities you want in someone who is getting your music on to tape," wrote Queen's Brian May on his website. Queen recorded at London's Olympic Studios, where Johns also worked. "1 of the great engineer/producers of our time," tweeted guitarist Slash. Johns also co-produced New York punk band Television's seminal "Marquee Moon," though the result wasn't quite what the band was looking for. Johns went for a booming drum sound with the sharper-edged New Yorkers, but it didn't fit, Television's Richard Lloyd told CNN in 2003. "If the drums were that big, it wouldn't be us," Lloyd said. Johns did, however, grab Television's wiry, entangled guitar sound -- which Lloyd described as "two gears in a clock" -- perfectly. The album, like many of Johns' recordings, has since become a classic. Johns' more recent recordings included albums by the Steve Miller Band, Chickenfoot and Sabyrtooth. Blades, a former member of L.A. Guns, called Johns "amazing." "It was just amazing to watch him work, and how he would place mics in the recording room, and his ideas while you're tracking. I learned a lot from him, he was inspiring and taught me so much about sound and thinking outside of the box," he said. "You always took his suggestions, because how can you argue with a guy who produced the Stones?" Blades and other musicians who have worked with Johns are organizing a memorial concert for him next month. The producer and engineer leaves behind a wife and two children. "Andy will be sorely missed," said Blades. "He was a good friend, a great producer, and a great guy. The industry will definitely mourn his loss." People we lost in 2013: The lives they lived .
highlights: Andy Johns was engineer on several classic albums . He worked on Led Zeppelin's "Led Zeppelin IV," Rolling Stones' "Exile on Main Street" "1 of the great engineer/producers of our time," tweeted Slash .
id: 6c60677c6ebf53248fc817c4d4b38a25d7c90c9d
chatgpt: Legendary music engineer and producer Andy Johns, known for his work on several classic albums, has passed away at the age of 61. The news of his death was announced by his brother and fellow producer Glyn Johns on his Facebook page on April 7, 2013. Andy Johns began his career as an engineer in the late 1960s, working with some of the greatest names in rock music. He rose to fame as the engineer on the iconic Led Zeppelin album "Led Zeppelin IV," which features some of the band's most well-known songs, including "Stairway to Heaven." Johns went on to work with the Rolling Stones, contributing to their seminal album "Exile on Main Street," which is widely regarded as one of the greatest rock albums of all time. His work on the album is often praised for the raw and authentic sound he captured in the recordings. During his career, Johns worked with a wide variety of other artists, including Jimi Hendrix, Free, Eric Clapton, Van Halen, and the Eagles. His contributions to the music industry were celebrated by many within the business, with Guns N' Roses guitarist Slash taking to Twitter to describe Johns as "one of the great engineer/producers of our time" in the wake of his passing. Johns was known for his attention to detail, his ability to capture the essence of a recording, and his willingness to experiment with different sounds and techniques in order to achieve the desired effect. He was widely respected within the industry for his technical expertise, and his ability to work with artists in a collaborative and creative way. In addition to his engineering work, Johns produced a number of albums over the course of his career. His production credits include work with Classic Rock bands such as Humble Pie and Bad Company, as well as with newer artists such as Godsmack and Buckcherry. Despite his success in the music industry, Johns faced struggles with addiction throughout his life. In a statement released following his passing, his family described him as "a gentle and kind man, a loving husband and father, and a creative spirit who will be sorely missed." The death of Andy Johns has been met with an outpouring of grief and tributes from those within the music industry. His contributions to the development of the rock sound and his work on some of the most iconic albums in history will guarantee his legacy and continued influence for generations to come.