article: Roberto Mancini was flattened by one of his own players on Sunday as his Inter Milan side continued their resurgence in Serie A with a 3-1 win over Genoa. With the score at 2-0, Genoa tried to unlock Inter's defence with a quick counter attack that was abruptly halted by defender Marco Andreolli. Andreolli cut across and went to blast the ball into the stands, but instead the ball flew straight into Mancini's face. VIDEO - Scroll down to see Roberto Mancini get hit in the face by the ball . Inter Milan boss Roberto Mancini falls to the ground after Marco Andreolli's clearance hit him in the face . Mancini (second right) was not hurt and laughed off the incident as his team went on and won the game 3-1 . Rodrigo Palacio (centre) scored a rebound from close range to give Inter an early lead in the game . The power behind Andreolli's clearance meant that Mancini, renowned for a neat touch and clever anticipation as a player, had no chance of getting out of the way. But the Inter manager saw the funny side and burst into laughter as he rubbed his face. Rodrigo Palacio put Inter ahead after 12 minutes when he converted a rebound from a Mauro Icardi volley. And Icardi got his name on the scoresheet six minutes before half time with a powerful header. After the break, Genoa's attacking play improved. Maxime Lestienne struck the crossbar on 62, and five minutes before full time, they pulled a goal back through an Armando Izzo strike. The goal looked set to ensure a nervy finish at the San Siro, but former Manchester United defender Nemanja Vidic had other ideas. Palacio was congratulated on his goal by Lukas Podolski (right) who is on loan at the club from Arsenal . Mauro Icardi (centre) rises highest to head home Inter's second goal of the game before half time . Nemanja Vidic (centre) made the game safe for Inter with his first goal for the club in the final moments . He was on hand to poke in his first goal for Inter from Lukas Podolski's corner to make the game safe. The goal secured Mancini's first home league win since taking over the club for the second time in November, and continued their improved form after a 1-1 draw with leaders Juventus last week. The three points moved Inter up to eighth with the rest of Sunday's Italian league matches, including Roma v Lazio and Napoli v Juventus, still to be played.
highlights: Marco Andreolli's clearance hit boss Roberto Mancini in the face . Mancini was floored, but laughed off the incident in his team's 3-1 win . Nemanja Vidic scored Inter Milan's third, his first goal for the club .
id: 35fef211ebc9c8d6bc494473aa749e37a5cefad4
chatgpt: In a bizarre incident during Inter Milan's 3-1 triumph over Lugano in a preseason friendly, their head coach Roberto Mancini was struck by a clearance from one of his players - Marco Andreolli. The ball cannoned off Andreolli's foot and hit Mancini square in the face, knocking him to the ground. The incident occurred in the closing stages of the match, with Inter already comfortable and heading towards a comfortable win. The match was played behind closed doors at the club's training ground in Appiano Gentile. Despite being taken by surprise, Mancini quickly regained his composure and laughed off the incident. He said after the match, "I didn't see it well, but it's nothing serious, only a bit of pain. Now I'll have a swollen face for a few days."  Mancini even managed to see the funny side of the whole situation when asked about the clearance. "It was a very good shot, but unfortunately not at the goal," he joked. "I think he needs to work on his accuracy." The incident may have overshadowed what was an impressive performance by Inter Milan in their preseason match against Lugano. They took the lead through Mauro Icardi's first-half goal before Stevan Jovetic added a second shortly after the break. Nemanja Vidic, who has struggled for game time since joining Inter last season, scored their third goal with a header from a corner in the 84th minute. It was a positive result for Inter as they gear up for the start of the Serie A season. Mancini's side had a disappointing campaign last year, finishing eighth in the league, but they will be hoping to push for a Champions League place this time around. The incident involving Mancini and Andreolli serves as a reminder that football can be unpredictable at times. It is also a testament to the camaraderie and humor within the Inter Milan camp that Mancini was able to see the funny side of being hit in the face by a football. As the season approaches, Mancini will be hoping that his players can execute their passes and clearances with a bit more accuracy than Andreolli did. However, the incident has not dampened Inter's spirits, and they will be looking to build on their solid preseason performances as they aim to challenge for silverware this year.