article: By . Alex Greig . PUBLISHED: . 10:21 EST, 24 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 11:05 EST, 24 October 2013 . A grandfather from Louisville, Kentucky is in the best shape he's ever been in his life - but just a few years ago he was overweight and couldn't walk without a cane. Fitness group BarStarzz introduced Robert, 64, to the world on its YouTube channel. The buff senior says he only began exercising when he was 56 years old and was introduced to his latest fitness obsession, calisthenics, less than two years ago. SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . Before and after: At 56, Robert was overweight and had difficulty working, and now he feels like a teenager . Fitness friends: Robert (center) with some of his Barstarzz buddies . Waving the flag: Robert says everyone can get fit if they devote an hour or two to exercise every day . 'I discovered calisthenics watching BarStarzz on YouTube about a year and a half ago and I decided I would give it a whirl and fell in love with it,' he says. In the video, Robert performs exercises a man half his age would have difficulty with, such as the 'flag', where he holds himself horizontally from a pole. 'Stuff people says I can't do, I'm proving them wrong, that I can do this stuff,' he says. Robert explains how in his mid-fifties, he was badly out of shape. Unhappy: Robert was unfit and wanted to change his life when he began going to the gym . Better than ever: Now, the grandfather feels healthier and happier than ever . 'At 56 years old, I was overweight, couldn't really walk, had braces and was walking on canes and walkers. I wasn't really happy with my life and the way things was going,' he says. He couldn't keep up with his children or grandchildren and he wasn't in good health. After watching fitness videos on YouTube, Robert decided to go to the gym. He was undeterred by people who questioned his abilities because of his age and now, he's fitter and stronger than he's ever been before. 'I feel better now than I did when I was 18 years old,' he says. 'My advice to other people is to take an hour or two a day and get started on the calisthenics, cardio, weight-lifting - whatever you can do. It pays off in the long run, you feel a lot better.'
highlights: Kentucky grandfather Robert, 64, was overweight and couldn't walk without a cane eight years ago . He's now extremely fit and strong and says he feels better than he did at 18 .
id: 41f62cddba47c3615568e8d40c9b836c10ae9837
chatgpt: Robert, a 64-year-old grandfather from Kentucky, has amazed his friends and family by completely transforming his health and lifestyle over the past eight years. At 56 years old, Robert was overweight, out of shape, and could barely walk without a cane. He felt tired and unwell most of the time, and was worried that he might not be around to see his grandchildren grow up. However, something changed in Robert's mindset in 2013 when he decided that he had enough of feeling tired and sluggish. He started reading up on nutrition and exercise, determined to make a change in his life. Robert began by gradually cutting down on processed foods and sugary drinks, and replacing them with healthier options like whole grains, fruits, and vegetables. He also started going for short walks every day, even if it was just around the block. Over time, Robert's body started to respond positively to these changes. He felt more energetic, more alert, and more optimistic about his health and future. In fact, he started feeling better than he had in decades. Encouraged by his progress, Robert decided to take things to the next level. He joined a gym and started working out regularly, with a focus on weight lifting and cardio. At first, it was tough going, but Robert was determined to push through the discomfort. Years of dedication and hard work paid off for Robert. Today, he is in the best shape of his life. He has lost about 60 pounds and has gained lean muscle mass. He can now walk without a cane and has also become an inspiration for many others who are looking to turn their health around. Robert says that he feels better than he did when he was 18 years old. He believes that his transformation is a testament to what anyone can achieve with the right mindset and support. "I never thought I could do this, but I did. If I can do it, anyone can do it," Robert says. Robert's story is a reminder that it's never too late to start taking care of our health. With the right attitude and commitment, anyone can turn their life around and achieve their dreams.