article: By . Mark Prigg . PUBLISHED: . 08:44 EST, 2 April 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 12:21 EST, 2 April 2013 . The first details of Facebook's mobile phone have revealed a new 'home' app - and it could turn any Android handset into a 'Facebook Phone'. According to website Android Police, the software will be unveiled alongside a handset developed by the social networking giant and phone maker HTC at a special event on Thursday. Codenamed Myst, the handset is expected to feature dedicated Facebook menus and screens. The first screenshots of the app reveal it looks remarkably similar to the existing app - but is expected to be integrated into the phone's menus and home screen as well. The new app is expected to be called Facebook home, according to one site . Android Police said it had been unable to sign in to the new app as only Facebook employees had access to it. however, they managed to find the rough specs of the HTC phone, and also believe the software will be made available from Google for other Android handsets - although these versions may only have limited features. 'According to this rom, the Facebook Phone looks to be a mostly stock, mid-range Sense 4.5 phone that was attacked by a mutant Facebook app,' the site said. 'Everything seems to be focused on the Facebook app - they haven't made their own Android Skin, or anything like that. Facebook founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg at Facebook headquarters, where he is expected to unveil a phone and app on Thursday . 'Sadly, we can't get too many more details, because just about everything requires that you have special access to Facebook.' The software is believed to also act as a 'launcher', so can take over the user's home screen to show their Facebook friends and updates. The leaked information also reveals a chat app that can place windows on any other app. HTC One, the firm's latest Android handset. It is expected to launch a handset with Facebook on Thursday .
highlights: Handset believed to have been developed with HTC and codenamed Myst . Set to be announced on Thursday afternoon at Facebook's Silicon Valley HQ .
id: bb8a5ae87b948451c6b3883d0acd4a37439086e5
chatgpt: Facebook is set to announce a new mobile phone in a partnership with HTC. The handset, reportedly codenamed Myst, is believed to be heavily integrated with Facebook and its features. The announcement is set to take place on Thursday afternoon at Facebook's Silicon Valley headquarters. Rumors of a Facebook phone have been circulating for years, but this is the first time the social media giant has partnered with a major phone manufacturer to release a device. The Myst is expected to run on Android and feature pre-installed Facebook apps, including the Facebook Messenger app and possibly even a dedicated Facebook camera app. The Myst is also expected to have deep integration with Facebook Home, the social network's Android launcher. Facebook Home puts Facebook front and center on a user's Android device, allowing them to access their Facebook News Feed, messages, and other features without having to launch a separate app. According to leaks and reports, the Myst will have a 4.3-inch display and a 5-megapixel rear camera. It's unknown whether the device will have a front-facing camera or if it will support LTE connectivity. Some have speculated that the Myst will be targeted towards younger users who are heavy Facebook users. The announcement comes at a time when Facebook has been stepping up its mobile efforts. In recent years, the company has been putting a stronger focus on mobile development, releasing several mobile apps and initiatives, including Facebook Home and the acquisition of Instagram. It's unclear how the Myst will be marketed and sold. Some reports suggest that the device will be exclusive to AT&T in the US, while others speculate that it will be sold unlocked or through partnerships with other carriers around the world. The news of the announcement has generated a buzz among technology enthusiasts and Facebook users alike. Whether the Myst will be a success remains to be seen, but it's clear that Facebook is continuing to explore new avenues for growth and expansion beyond its traditional social networking roots.