article: By . Alex Ward . PUBLISHED: . 06:14 EST, 2 September 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 07:44 EST, 2 September 2013 . A teenage snowboarder is suing board maker Burton after he was paralysed while trialling a snowboard. Michael Coady, 16, is also suing Wentworth Ski Resort after he fell and broke his neck at the venue in Nova Scotia, Canada.. Mr Coady, who must now use a wheelchair, is suing Burton and the ski resort for negligence claiming that they failed to warn him of the dangers of using the snowboard and failing to verify his age. Suing for fall: A teenage snowboarder is suing boardmaker Burton and the Wentworth Ski Resort (pictured) after he was left paralysed when he crashed in the terrain park . Burton was offering free energy drinks and a trial of their new snowboards in February 2008 when Mr Coady signed a waiver and skied into the terrain park to try out the board and crashed. He claimed that the resort did not supervise boarders testing the Burton boards or warn them of dangers of using the terrain park which included rails, jumps and hills. The defendants argued there was not sufficient evidence to go to trial but the judge dismissed it, preserving Mr Coady’s right to a trial. Burton had appealed earlier this year but the resort did not and a trial date has yet to be set. Suing for negligence: Burton were offering a free trial of their new snowboards when Mr Coady signed a waiver and crashed (file photo) In January this year Caleb Moore, an . innovative freestyle snowmobile rider who was hurt in a horrific crash . at the Winter X Games in Colorado, died aged 25. Mr Moore was attempting a back-flip last Thursday in the freestyle event when the skis on his 450lb snowmobile caught the lip of the landing area, sending him flying over the handlebars. Mr Moore landed face first into the snow with his snowmobile rolling over him. He stayed down for quite some time, before walking off with help and going to a hospital to treat his concussion. Mr Moore developed bleeding around his heart and was flown to a hospital in Grand Junction for surgery. The family later said that Moore, of Krum, Texas, also had a complication involving his brain. Last year sports teacher Mike Siddall, from Bollington in Cheshire defied doctors' dire predictions by learning to walk, run and board again after he faced life in a wheelchair after a snowboarding accident. He was 23 and an experienced boarder on an instructor’s course in Sass Fee, Switzerland, when he fell and fractured his spine. He was flown to a hospital for a major operation to insert metal bars in his spine, where specialists told him he was completely paralysed and unlikely to ever walk again. No supervision: Mr Coady claimed that the resort (pictured) did not supervise boarders testing the Burton boards or warn them of dangers of using the terrain park which included rails, jumps and hills .
highlights: Michael Coady fell and broke his neck while snowboarding in a terrain park . Now wheelchair bound, he is suing Burton and Wentworth Ski Resort .
id: c24aec72c8f8e9603c02d36049dd6a29c6d9cfa6
chatgpt: A tragic accident while snowboarding has left Michael Coady, a 27-year old from Manchester, wheelchair-bound. Mr. Coady fell and broke his neck at Wentworth Ski Resort in March 2020, while snowboarding in a terrain park. He is now suing both the resort and Burton Snowboards, the manufacturer of the board he was using at the time. According to court documents, Mr. Coady's injuries were caused by a variety of factors, including the design of the terrain park and the performance of the snowboard. The lawsuit alleges that the resort and the manufacturer were negligent in their duties to provide a safe environment for snowboarders. Mr.Coady is seeking compensation for his medical expenses, as well as for the impact the accident has had on his life. He had been an avid snowboarder, and his injury has left him unable to pursue many of his former hobbies and interests. In a statement to the press, Mr. Coady's lawyer said, "This is a tragic case where a young man's life was changed in an instant due to the negligence of others. We believe that both the resort and the manufacturer should be held accountable for their actions." The lawsuit seeks damages from both Burton Snowboards and Wentworth Ski Resort, claiming that the snowboard was defectively designed, while the park contained unsafe features. The lawsuit claims that the features in the terrain park create an unreasonably dangerous condition, and that the resort failed to properly maintain the park and warn visitors of the dangerous condition. Burton Snowboards has not yet commented on the lawsuit, but Wentworth Ski Resort has issued a statement expressing sympathy for Mr. Coady's injuries. The statement also emphasized the safety measures the resort takes to protect its visitors, including regular inspections of its facilities. "We are deeply sorry for the injuries that Mr. Coady sustained at our resort," the statement read. "However, we believe that we took all necessary precautions to ensure the safety of our visitors, and we will vigorously defend ourselves against these allegations." At the heart of the case is the question of liability for injuries sustained while participating in extreme sports. While snowboarding carries inherent risks, Mr. Coady's lawsuit alleges that the resort and manufacturer failed to take reasonable measures to mitigate those risks. As the lawsuit proceeds through the courts, many will be watching the outcome closely. If Mr. Coady is successful, it could set a precedent for future cases involving injuries sustained during extreme sports. For now, however, Mr. Coady continues to live with the consequences of his injury. The young man's life has been irreversibly altered by the accident, and he is seeking justice for what he believes was the result of negligence by the resort and manufacturer. Only time will tell if his suit will be successful, but Mr. Coady and his legal team are ready to fight for accountability and compensation.