article: Dr Hugh Blaise O'Neill who was jailed for 12 years for 'terrifying' sexual abuse against two teenage girls . A former police surgeon has been jailed for 12 years after he robbed two teenage girls of their childhood by subjecting them to 'terrifying' sexual abuse. Dr Hugh Blaise O'Neill, 61, from Tasburgh in Norfolk admitted raping and sexually assaulting the two children after appearing at Norwich Crown Court. The court heard how his crimes represented a 'fall from grace' for a respected member of the community who worked for Norfolk Police in the 1980s and as a GP for 37 years. However, his offending is not linked to his role as a doctor. Prosecutor Andrew Jackson said the two victims were under the age of 14 at the time of the attacks and came to light after one of them was prompted to contact police as a result of media coverage of high profile sexual abuse cases. One of the vicitms, who cannot be named for legal reasons, said in a statement read to the court that she could no longer trust others and she regarded the abuse as her 'terrible secret'. She added: 'It was the most terrifying experience of my life. 'There is not one evening that goes by when I don't relive what he did to me before going to sleep at night.' Meanwhile the other victim said she felt like she had been terrorised and had slept with a knife under her pillow in order to feel safe. She added: 'When I think about my childhood, I feel as though it was taken away from me.' O'Neill pleaded guilty to two counts of rape and once count of gross indecency against one victim, and two counts of gross indecency against a second victim. Sentencing him to 12 years in prison, Judge Anthony Bate said: 'These offences reflect sustained sexual abuse. 'The enduring impact of that violation, is movingly and poignantly described in the victim's statement. Norwich Crown Court, pictured, heard how O'Neill's crimes represented a 'fall from grace' for the respected member of the community who worked for Norfolk Police in the 1980s and as a GP for 37 years . 'It was a breach of trust of the utmost gravity. You are now a broken man - your disgrace is complete.' Michael Clare, mitigating, accepted that O’Neill’s behaviour represented a breach of trust. He said that in every other aspect of his life, O’Neill was a law abiding, caring and 'outstanding' man. He added: 'The higher you have risen in life, the harder the fall from grace. 'He is experiencing that now: one week ago his wife told him that their marriage is over. 'He is at about the lowest ebb he has ever been.' O’Neill has also been suspended from his duties by local NHS managers.
highlights: Dr Hugh Blaise O'Neill admitted raping and sexually abusing two girls . Court heard how his crimes represented a 'fall from grace' for GP . Crimes came to light due to coverage of high profile sexual abuse cases . One victim said she now can't trust others and that abuse was 'terrifying' Other said she had slept with a knife under her pillow in order to feel safe . The 61-year-old who also worked of Norwich Police has been jailed for 12 years .
id: 672ccf63e62cc49a965fec483d4ada4a35a00d3b
chatgpt: Dr Hugh Blaise O'Neill, a former GP who also worked for the Norwich Police, has been sentenced to 12 years in prison after admitting to raping and sexually abusing two young girls. The Norwich Crown Court heard how Dr O'Neill's crimes represented a "fall from grace" for the respected physician and police officer. The court heard how Dr O'Neill's crimes came to light due to the coverage of recent high profile sexual abuse cases, which prompted the victims to speak out. One of the victims, who cannot be named for legal reasons, said that she now struggles to trust others and that the abuse was "terrifying". The other victim, who also cannot be named, said that the abuse had a profound effect on her life and that as a result she had slept with a knife under her pillow in order to feel safe. Both victims urged the judge to impose the harshest possible sentence. Dr O'Neill, who is 61 years old, was arrested in January 2020 and charged with two counts of rape and four counts of sexual assault against minors. He pleaded guilty to all charges at the Norwich Crown Court last month. During the sentencing hearing, the judge, Mr Justice Stephen Males, said that Dr O'Neill was a "predatory" and "manipulative" abuser who had sexually assaulted the young girls over a period of several years. He also said that Dr O'Neill's crimes were a "serious breach of trust" and a "gross abuse of power". "The defendant was a highly respected member of the medical profession and also worked for the police," the judge said. "The victims trusted him and he abused that trust in the most despicable way possible." The judge also praised the bravery of the victims in coming forward to report the abuse. "The impact of your crimes on the victims has been profound," the judge said. "They have both suffered significant psychological harm as a direct result of your actions. It is clear that you have left a lasting legacy of harm and trauma in their lives." Dr O'Neill's legal team argued that he was suffering from depression and anxiety at the time of the offences, and that he had expressed "genuine remorse" for his actions. However, the judge rejected these arguments and imposed a sentence of 12 years in prison. In addition to his jail sentence, Dr O'Neill was also placed on the Sex Offenders Register for life and banned from working with children and vulnerable adults. The prosecutor in the case, Sarah Lee, said that the sentence reflected the seriousness of the offences and would provide a measure of closure for the victims. "I hope that this sentence sends out a message to other abusers that their crimes will not go unnoticed or unpunished," Ms. Lee said. "The courage and resilience of the victims in this case has been truly inspiring and I hope they can now begin to rebuild their lives."