article: By . Jack Doyle . PUBLISHED: . 21:02 EST, 22 January 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 21:28 EST, 22 January 2013 . 'Snooping' powers have risen and include the power to gain entry to check for house plant pests . Public officials have around 1,400 separate powers to enter homes – including the right to inspect fridges and even pot plants. The number of ‘snooping’ powers available to town halls and public bodies has risen despite Coalition pledges to rein them in. Among those which remain are powers to enter a home ‘to see if pot plants have plant pests or do not have a plant passport’ under the Plant Health Order 2005. Another power allows officials to check the energy ratings on refrigerators under the Energy Information Household Refrigerators and Freezers Regulations 2004. Officials can also use the Anti-Social Behaviour Act 2003 to see if a garden hedge is too high. Government departments have been given until next year to identify which powers should be repealed. Even then it may take months or years for them to be scrapped. The Tory manifesto included a commitment to cut back on ‘the intrusive powers  of entry into homes’. Only 15 such laws  have so far been repealed, including the power to enter a home and search for and seize German enemy property dating back  to the 1950s, or to carry out checks on whether illegal hypnotism displays were  taking place. Details of the snooping powers emerged as the Home Office published new rules designed to stop public officials abusing them. The code of practice suggests 48 hours’ notice should be given before a property is raided if that is considered appropriate and that officials should ‘be considerate’ over the time of day homes are entered. Breach of the code will not be a criminal offence. Civil liberties campaigners accused ministers of failing to tackle the issue. Nick Pickles, director of Big Brother Watch, said: ‘It beggars belief that even after six months of working on this issue, some departments still have no idea what powers of entry they are able to use.’ Lord Taylor, minister for criminal information, said: ‘Powers of entry will always be vital for the investigation of crime, but this new code of practice will ensure they are used proportionately and not abused.’ Lord Taylor, minister for criminal information, said powers of entry are 'vital for the investigation of crime'
highlights: Number of 'snooping' powers rose despite Coalition pledge to rein them in . Officials have power to enter home and check for plant pests under 2005 Act . Also have power to check energy ratings on refrigerators under regulations . Minister for criminal information said powers of entry 'vital for investigation of crime' but said a new code of practice will ensure proportionate use .
id: f9436a10e0de77ab58e1fd132ae2602749ea3614
chatgpt: The number of 'snooping' powers has increased despite the Coalition pledge to rein them in. Officials now have the power to enter homes and check for plant pests under the 2005 Act. Additionally, they have the power to check energy ratings on refrigerators under regulations. The Minister for criminal information has said that the powers of entry are vital for the investigation of crime. However, the same Minister also stated that a new code of practice will ensure the proportionate use of these powers. The increase in these powers has been met with concern from the public, who fear that their privacy is being impinged upon. Many are worried that these powers give officials too much latitude, and that their use could be easily abused. The increase in surveillance powers is particularly troubling, as it demonstrates that the government is willing to compromise the privacy of individuals for the sake of public safety. It is important to remember that while officials are granted these powers of entry, they are not without limits. Officials must still obtain a warrant in order to enter a home, and their actions must be proportionate and justifiable. The new code of practice will aim to ensure that these limits are respected and that the powers of entry are used proportionately. While many are concerned about the increase in these powers, others argue that they are necessary in order to ensure public safety. Those who support the powers argue that they provide the government with valuable tools for detecting and preventing crime. They also point out that these powers are often used in conjunction with other measures, such as surveillance cameras and CCTV systems. Despite these differing opinions, it is clear that the use of these powers is a contentious issue. The government's new code of practice will hopefully alleviate some of the concerns that have been raised. It is important that officials continue to use these powers in a proportionate and justifiable manner, in order to protect both the safety and the privacy of individuals in the UK.