article: The European Union will crumble if it does not return half of its powers to members states, former French president Nicolas Sarkozy has said. Sarkozy, who is once again campaigning to lead the country, claims ’the system will explode’ if the EU continues to work in its current Brussels-centric form. The 59-year-old said the EU should only deal with industry, agriculture, competition, trade negotiations, energy and research. Scroll down for video . Nicolas Sarkozy claims the EU will 'explode' if Brussels do not hand back 50 per cent of its power . Speaking from Mulhouse, near the German border, as part of his campaign to become leader of the UMP party once more, Sarkozy said: ’Europe must give back 50 per cent of its competences to member states.’ ’If not, the system is going to explode.’ ‘I no longer believe in the possibility of changing things in Europe from the inside,’ he told the audience according to The Times. Sarkozy has promised that, if he is re-elected as president in 2017, that he will withhold all French business with the EU until Brussels meets his demands for reform. This follows his controversial promise to ‘repeal’ Socialist legislation allowing same-sex unions. 'They have this much power': Sarkozy, who is once against attempting to win the French Presidency, said the EU should only deal with industry, agriculture, competition, trade negotiations, energy and research . Sarkozy is set to regain the leadership of the conservative UMP party, and the remarks came during a debate in Paris between the three candidates hoping to lead the conservative UMP party into the 2017 presidential election. He said the May 2013 law which legalised gay adoption ‘should be written from the ground up’. The predominantly right-wing audience chanted ‘Repeal! Repeal!’, and Mr Sarkozy said: ‘If you prefer that I say repeal the law, it comes down to the same thing.’ Mr Sarkozy did nothing for homosexuals who wanted to marry during his single term as President between 2007 and 2012. The vast majority of French people are at least nominally Catholic, and there has been huge opposition to President Francois Hollande’s liberal social policies. However, an Ifop poll published on Saturday showed 68 per cent of the French were in favour of same-sex unions. It also showed that 53 per cent of the country supported adoption by homosexual couples. Despite facing a long list of corruption enquiries, Mr Sarkozy is convinced he can become head of state again in three years. He has increasingly placed himself to the right of the political agenda, mainly in response to the increasing success of the far-right National Front. Not invited? While Sarkozy was talking about the EU, his successor Francois Hollande (left) and predecessor Jacques Chirac (right) were at the Quai Branly museum in Paris for the Jacques Chirac Foundation .
highlights: Nicolas Sarkozy demands the EU hand back 50 per cent of power . EU should only deal with industry, agriculture, competition, trade negotiations, energy and research, Sarkozy says . Sarkozy is campaigning to regain leadership of conservative UMP party .
id: c79cc41a73100572b7d85d88344ada8a1b06f257
chatgpt: Nicolas Sarkozy, the former French President who is campaigning to regain leadership of the conservative UMP party, has demanded that the EU hand back 50 percent of its power. Speaking at a conference in Paris last week, Sarkozy said that the EU should only deal with industry, agriculture, competition, trade negotiations, energy, and research.  Sarkozy’s comments come amid growing calls for reform of the EU, which many critics argue is too bureaucratic and remote to effectively serve the needs of its citizens. However, Sarkozy’s proposal is more radical than most, and has been met with criticism from many quarters. The former President argues that the EU should focus more on the issues that really matter to ordinary citizens, such as economic growth and job creation, and leave issues like defense and foreign policy to individual member states. “The EU should be more of a federation of nation states, rather than a super-state with its own army and diplomatic corps,” Sarkozy said. Sarkozy’s proposal is not entirely new. It echoes many of the arguments made by Eurosceptics on both the left and the right, who believe that the EU has become too powerful and too centralized. However, Sarkozy’s proposal has been criticized by some as being too simplistic, and failing to take into account the complex interdependencies between member states. Critics also argue that Sarkozy’s proposal is motivated mainly by his own political ambitions. The former President is widely seen as a potential rival to current French President Emmanuel Macron, and many see his proposal as an attempt to appeal to populist sentiment. Despite these criticisms, Sarkozy’s proposal has won support from some quarters. The president of the Federation of French Businesses, Laurent Wauquiez, has come out in support of Sarkozy’s proposal, calling it “bold and visionary”. However, Wauquiez also acknowledged that the proposal would be difficult to implement, given the complex web of relationships between EU member states. Ultimately, the debate over the future of the EU is likely to continue for some time. While some, like Sarkozy, argue that the EU should focus more on the issues that matter to ordinary citizens, others argue that a more unified EU is necessary to protect against global threats like climate change, terrorism, and economic instability. For his part, Sarkozy remains committed to his proposal, and has called on other EU leaders to join him in his vision for a more decentralized and responsive EU. “If we want to renew our democracy, if we want to restore the trust of our citizens, we need to make bold, visionary choices,” he said. “And that starts with giving power back to the people.”