article: Alex Salmond has boasted that a Tory attack poster featuring him and Ed Miliband outside Number 10 will backfire because he is more popular than David Cameron – even in England. The former First Minister said he was 'definitely less unpopular' than the Prime Minister south of the border and predicted the SNP would hold the balance of power after the election. The remarks come after Mr Salmond's successor as First Minister, Nicola Sturgeon, said having the SNP in power would be good for the whole of Britain – and boasted that she would order Scottish MPs to vote on laws which only apply in England. Former First Minister said he was 'definitely less unpopular' than the Prime Minister south of the border . Mr Salmond, who is standing for Parliament in the Aberdeenshire seat of Gordon, said his 'part in history' was yet to be written – but insisted Ms Sturgeon would be in charge of any Coalition negotiations with Labour. 'Anyone who knows Nicola knows she won't let me be a backseat driver,' he told Buzzfeed News. Mr Salmond insisted he was happy in his new role as the 'bogeyman of the British establishment'. But he said: 'There's every chance of the SNP becoming the third biggest party in the UK in May. 'The political stars are aligning for a balanced parliament. Neither Cameron or Miliband are capable or deserve a majority, and that leaves space for a hugely substantial SNP influence. The Conservative Party last week released an election poster raising the 'nightmare' prospect of Mr Salmond propping up a Labour Government in Coalition. But the SNP heavyweight said: 'The problem for the Tories, and Labour for that matter, is that I'm certainly more popular than David Cameron and Ed Miliband in England. 'Definitely less unpopular, anyway, let's put it that way.' He said Mr Cameron had let the Chancellor George Osborne become too powerful and dismissed the Labour leader as a 'less than outstanding politician'. The Tories released an election poster last week showing Alex Salmond and Ed Miliband outside Number 10 with Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams . Mr Salmond also revealed that he is still unable to shake hands with members of the public because he seriously damaged his elbow greeting so many people during the referendum campaign. He became so downhearted after losing the referendum he gave up his 5:2 diet – where you fast on just 600 calories two days a week. He told Buzzfeed: 'I'm back on it now. I had a break – that diet and losing the referendum would have been a bit much.' But the Scottish nationalist is also telling disappointed 'yes' voters that there will still be 'another chance' of winning independence.
highlights: Former First Minister said he was 'definitely less unpopular' than the PM . He predicted the SNP would hold the balance of power after the election . Nicola Sturgeon said having the SNP in power was good for whole of UK . SNP have ruled out a Coalition with the Tories but not with Labour . It raises the prospect of Alex Salmond becoming Deputy Prime Minister .
id: 6be3bcb6f7727a853228cfdfa1be0214742003bb
chatgpt: Former First Minister, Alex Salmond, has made a bold prediction ahead of the general election, stating that the Scottish National Party (SNP) will hold the balance of power. In an interview with the BBC, Salmond cited the SNP's strong position in the polls as evidence that they will hold considerable sway in Westminster. Salmond, who was the First Minister of Scotland from 2007 to 2014, also took the opportunity to take a swipe at current Prime Minister Theresa May, saying that he was "definitely less unpopular" than her. He added that the SNP's success in the election would be good for the whole of the UK. These comments were echoed by SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon, who has previously stated that having her party in power at Westminster would be beneficial for everyone, regardless of where they live in the country. However, Sturgeon has ruled out the possibility of a coalition with the Conservative Party, should they fall short of a majority, and instead has said that she would be willing to work with Labour. This raises the prospect of Salmond becoming Deputy Prime Minister, should Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn become Prime Minister. This, of course, is a hypothetical scenario, but it highlights the potential influence that the SNP could have in the event of a hung parliament. The SNP has been riding high in the polls in recent weeks, with some predictions suggesting that they could win as many as 50 seats in the election. This would mark a significant increase on their performance in 2015, when they won 56 out of 59 seats in Scotland. However, the SNP's position in the polls has been affected by the presence of the Scottish Conservative Party, which has been making significant gains in recent months. The Tories have been campaigning on a platform of opposing another independence referendum and have been successful in convincing some Scottish voters to switch their allegiances. Despite this, the SNP remains the strongest political force in Scotland and is likely to play a key role in the next parliament, especially if there is a hung parliament. The idea of an SNP-Labour coalition may be seen as controversial by some, given the historic enmity between the two parties. However, Corbyn has previously expressed his willingness to work with the SNP and has even indicated that he might be open to another independence referendum. Salmond's prediction that the SNP will hold the balance of power may therefore prove to be accurate. Whether this will lead to him becoming Deputy Prime Minister remains to be seen, but it is clear that the SNP is likely to be a significant player in British politics for the foreseeable future.