article: Washington (CNN) -- In another public embarrassment for the Air Force's nuclear missile program, two crew members were disciplined earlier this year for leaving silo blast doors open while they were on duty in an underground facility housing nuclear missiles. The incidents, first reported by the Associated Press, were confirmed Wednesday by the Air Force. Under Air Force regulations, a two-man missile launch crew is required to keep the underground blast door shut when one crew member is asleep during the 24-hour shift. In April a crew member was found "derelict in his duties in that he left the blast door open in order to receive a food delivery from the onsite chef" while the other crew member was on an authorized sleep break, Air Force spokesman Lt. Col. John Sheets said in a statement. The crew member who was found "derelict" received a punishment of forfeiting $2,246 in pay for each of two months. The other crew member admitted to similar misconduct "on a few occasions" and received a letter of admonishment. The April incident occurred at Minot Air Force Base in North Dakota . In May, at Malmstrom Air Force Base in Montana, a maintenance team was allowed into an underground launch control center while one crew member was sleeping, in violation of rules. In this case, the commander of the crew, when questioned about the incident, told the deputy to lie about being asleep, which she initially did, according to officials. The incident was investigated, and both crew members were disciplined. The commander is forfeiting $3,045 in pay for each of two months and facing a discharge board. The silo blast doors are at the bottom of a shaft that leads to the launch control center. The heavy-duty blast doors are meant to protect the launch control center in event of a nuclear blast. That center controls up to 10 missile silos. Air Force officials insist security was not compromised in these incidents because there are multiple layers of security above ground that would keep unauthorized personnel from gaining access to a launch control center. The centers are generally 40 feet to 100 feet underground, and the two-man crew controls as many as 10 missile silos. There also are multiple layers of security surrounding nuclear launch codes. But the disclosures come on the heels of the firing of the two-star general in charge of the Air Force's three nuclear wings. Earlier this month, Maj. Gen. Michael Carey was "relieved" of command "due to a loss of trust and confidence in his leadership and judgment," the Air Force said at the time. Carey's removal had to do with reports of alleged misbehavior on a business trip. In August, one of the Air Force's nuclear wings failed a safety and security inspection and a separate wing did poorly in an inspection earlier in the year, which resulted in 17 military personnel being decertified from their jobs. They have since undergone retraining and are back at work.
highlights: Two disciplined for leaving silo blast doors open . Air Force says security was not compromised . Disclosure follows firing of two-star general .
id: 6d449786f3c0e41b55717f85d824136e45d57fbb
chatgpt: The US Air Force has disciplined two personnel for allegedly leaving the silo blast doors open at a nuclear missile base in an unapproved manner. The incident occurred during a routine inspection earlier this year. The Air Force has stated that there was no security compromise and that the mishap was corrected immediately. This incident comes after two high-ranking officials were fired from their positions due to improper conduct. The firing of the two-star general in charge of the entire nuclear weapons unit and his replacement have sent shockwaves throughout the Air Force. The Air Force has emphasized that the discipline in this case is unrelated to the firing of the two-star general. The Air Force also has made clear that the discipline does not relate to the handling of nuclear material or to the security of personnel, equipment or the communities surrounding the missile facility. Air Force officials have not released details on the identity and rank of those disciplined in this latest incident. However, they have stated that the individuals were found to have violated security protocols and that they will be subject to administrative action. Air Force officials are also reviewing security protocols at missile bases nationwide to prevent any future mishaps. The US Air Force has been under scrutiny after several incidents occurred involving subpar leadership and security failures in the handling of nuclear weapons. The firing of the two-star general is seen as part of a broader effort to improve the leadership and culture of the nuclear weapons unit. In addition to disciplinary action, the Air Force is also implementing new procedures to enhance the security of the nuclear weapon program. This includes additional training for personnel and a tightening of security protocols. The Air Force has stated that the safety and security of the US nuclear arsenal is a top priority, and it will take any and all necessary measures to ensure that this priority is met. The incident has raised concerns amongst some critics, who question the ability of the Air Force to properly handle and secure the nation's nuclear arsenal. They argue that the Air Force has a history of security breaches and that more needs to be done to ensure the safety of the public. In response to these concerns, the Air Force has stated that it takes all incidents involving nuclear weapons very seriously and will continue to improve its training and procedures. The Air Force is committed to ensuring the safety and security of the US nuclear program, and will work diligently to maintain the trust of the public. Overall, the incident at the missile base is a reminder that security breaches can occur even in the most secured of environments. It also highlights the importance of proper training and protocols to ensure the safety of personnel, equipment and the surrounding community. The Air Force has taken corrective action and is committed to improving the culture and leadership of the nuclear weapons unit.