article: The stars were out in force at Wimbledon on Saturday afternoon to watch Petra Kvitova claim her second women's title with a 6-3, 6-0 win against Eugenie Bouchard. Former Chelsea midfielder Frank Lampard looked to have put his disappointing World Cup campaign with England behind him as he posed for pictures with his fiancee, TV presenter Christine Bleakley, before heading inside to watch the action. Lampard wasn't the only famous sporting face down at SW19, with golf legend Jack Nicklaus spotted greeting a fellow spectator before taking his seat on Centre Court. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Eugenie Bouchard dazzle during Sportsmail photo shoot . All smiles: Former Chelsea midfielder Frank Lampard and his fiancee Christine Bleakley arrive at Wimbledon . Happy couple: Lampard and Bleakley take their seats to watch Petra Kvitova's second Wimbledon win . Taking a break: Golf legend Jack Nicklaus (right) shakes hands with another Wimbledon visitor . Watching on: Nicklaus wears a pair of sunglasses to watch the action on Centre Court . Day off: Actress Keira Knightley and her husband James Righton of The Klaxons look on from the Royal Box . Looking good: Dame Kelly Holmes (left) and Marion Bartoli (right) were both in attendance on Saturday . Double Olympic champion Dame Kelly . Holmes was also seen making her way to Wimbledon's main court, along . with last year's women's champion Marion Bartoli, who has been working . as a pundit for BBC Radio 5 Live. Hollywood actress Keira Knightley found time in her busy schedule to attend with her husband, James Righton, who is a keyboardist in the band The Klaxons. The pair took their seats in the Royal Box, while a number of other stars of stage and screen took time out to go and watch Saturday's showpiece event. Regular . Wimbledon attendee Sir Cliff Richard was pictured signing . autographs for fans before shooting off to take his seat, while newsreader Sir Trevor McDonald and popstar Peter Andre were also . in attendance as Bouchard fell in her first Grand Slam final. Actor Chiwetel Ejiofor, star of hit film 12 Years A Slave, and The Big Bang Theory's Jim Parsons were two more recognisable faces in the crowd as Kvitova completed her straight sets victory. Princess Eugenie, who Bouchard was named after, took her seat in the Royal Box ahead of meeting the 20-year-old Canadian star for the first time. Inspiration: Princess Eugenie and her boyfriend Jack Brooksbank sit at the front of the Royal box to watch Bouchard . Stars come out: Actor Chiwetel Ejiofor (centre) and his partner Sari Mercer (left) sit alongside Keira Knightley . Big bang: American actor Jim Parsons (centre) watches the action in south west London . Mysterious girl: Popstar Peter Andre poses with his fiancee Emily MacDonagh after arriving at SW19 . Ready for action: Sir Cliff Richard (left) and Sir Trevor McDonald (right) make their way to Centre Court .
highlights: Keira Knightley and husband James Righton sit in the Royal Box . Frank Lampard and his fiancee Christine Bleakley in attendance . Former sports stars Dame Kelly Holmes and Jack Nicklaus watch on Centre Court . Princess Eugenie watches her namesake in action . Marion Bartoli, Sir Trevor McDonald and Sir Cliff Richard all pictured at SW19 on Saturday . Petra Kvitova beat Eugenie Bouchard 6-3, 6-0 to win her second title .
id: 0c519168d7dd080ed804248a96125e6bced3c675
chatgpt: Wimbledon, London - It was a star-studded day at Wimbledon on Saturday as former champions, celebrities, and royals made their way to the coveted event. Among those who were present were actress Keira Knightley, who watched the match sitting in the Royal Box alongside husband James Righton.  Also in attendance were retired footballer Frank Lampard and his fiancee Christine Bleakley, who enjoyed the match from the stands. Legendary sports stars Dame Kelly Holmes and Jack Nicklaus were also seen watching the match on Centre Court. Princess Eugenie, whose name was taken from Eugenie Bouchard, one of the finalists, was also present to watch the Canadian tennis player in action. But it wasn't just celebrities who showed up to the event. Tennis fans from all around the world were present, hoping to catch a glimpse of their favorite players as they battled it out on the court.  The final match of the tournament was contested between Petra Kvitova and Eugenie Bouchard in a highly anticipated match. Kvitova, who had won the Wimbledon title in 2011, was hoping to secure her second championship crown, while Bouchard, who had made it to the final in only her third appearance, was seeking her first major title. In the end, it was Kvitova who emerged victorious, beating Bouchard in straight sets (6-3, 6-0) to claim her second Wimbledon title. The 24-year-old Czech player was in top form throughout the match, displaying her trademark powerful shots and playing some clinical tennis.  The Centre Court crowd erupted as Kvitova lifted the trophy, with fans cheering and applauding her remarkable performance. Kvitova's win was a testament to her perseverance and hard work, as she had battled back from injury and illness over the past few years to regain her top form. Aside from the exciting match, the event was also a social affair, with many celebrities and VIPs mingling and enjoying themselves in the sun. Among those spotted were former Wimbledon champions Marion Bartoli, Sir Trevor McDonald, and Sir Cliff Richard. All in all, it was a fantastic day at Wimbledon, filled with thrilling tennis, celebrity sightings, and plenty of excitement. Fans can look forward to next year's tournament, where they will once again get to witness some of the world's best tennis players competing for the coveted Wimbledon title.