article: Jailed: Gary Gilleney, of Rochdale, Greater Manchester, first abused a little girl in London in 1985 before going on to molest two more girls in the 1990s . A former soldier let off with just a £100 fine after sexually abusing a child in the 1980s has been jailed for preying on other 'highly vulnerable' children in the 1990s. Gary Gilleney, of Rochdale, Greater Manchester, first abused a little girl in London in 1985. But under a sentencing regime dating back to the 1950s, he was only convicted of indecent assault and gross indecency and ordered to pay just £100. The ex-serviceman was dishonourably discharged from the Army as a result of the conviction and went on to abuse two more 'highly vulnerable' children when he was living in council estates in Manchester the 1990s. Now Gilleney has been jailed for six years after admitting six sexual assaults against the two later victims, who cannot be identified for legal reasons. He was arrested after the offences came to light last year. One of the newly-discovered victims was just seven when she was abused by Gilleney, Manchester Crown Court heard. In a statement, she told the court that the ordeal made her feel like she 'never had a proper childhood'. She added: 'He used to threaten me that if I ever reported the abuse and he went down, he would come and get me after he was released. 'As a child I believed it and I was frightened. I couldn't sleep at nights. I have no self-esteem. 'It's affected my relationships since becoming an adult. I'm shy of my own body and suffer from flashbacks.' The other victim, who came forward last year, was 13 when he plied her with cannabis and sexually abused her. One of Gilleney's abuse victims told Manchester Crown Court (above) that she 'doesn't trust anyone any more' and has been 'depressed for years' In a statement she said she 'doesn't trust anyone any more' and has been 'depressed for years'. Both women described crying themselves to sleep in the aftermath of their traumatic experiences with Gilleney. Gilleney's defence barrister said he had been 'damaged' by his own childhood. He told the court: 'He is genuinely confused and remorseful about what he has done. 'It's not a remorse that comes in floods of tears, but there will follow, one hopes, a period of reflection and introspection. 'This is an unsophisticated person, prone to urges he neither understands nor can control. 'It may be easy to suggest he is simply an evil man and it may be there's some truth in that, but it's more complex than that.' Judge Martin Rudland, sentencing, told Gilleney: 'You corrupted your victims' formative years.'
highlights: Gary Gilleney, of Rochdale, first molested a young girl in 1985 . The ex-serviceman was fined just £100 for the attack due to outdated laws . He was thrown out the Army and went on to abuse two more girls in 1990s . One, aged seven at time, said attack meant she 'never had proper childhood' Other said she 'doesn't trust anyone' and has been 'depressed for years' Gilleney jailed for six years for attacks in 90s - which came to light last year .
id: e9f8e2d82697bb5e959d0d723b12a5d30e8855b1
chatgpt: A man who had molested a young girl back in 1985 has been sent to jail for a series of sexual attacks on girls in the 1990s. Gary Gilleney, a former soldier, was fined just £100 for his first offence due to outdated laws. However, he went on to abuse two more girls in the 1990s, with one of them being aged seven when the attack happened. The victim, who was just seven years old at the time of the attack, has said that she has never had a proper childhood since the incident. She claimed that Gilleney's actions had left her feeling deeply traumatized and unable to trust anyone. The other victim stated that she has been living with depression for years due to the abuse she experienced at the hands of the ex-serviceman. It was only last year that the truth came to light, with Gilleney being sentenced to six years behind bars for his crimes. The victims have expressed their relief that justice has finally been served, but have also expressed frustration that it took so long to get to this point. The case highlights the importance of keeping outdated laws up to date with modern-day society. Had the laws in place in 1985 been more robust, Gilleney may have been given a more severe punishment for his initial offence. This could have potentially prevented him from going on to abuse more girls in the future. The victims have also raised concerns about the lasting impact of sexual abuse on survivors. They have urged others who may have experienced similar abuse to come forward and seek help. It is important that survivors of sexual abuse are given the support they need so that they can begin to heal and move on with their lives. The case has been a stark reminder of the importance of protecting the most vulnerable members of our society. It is vital that we do not allow outdated laws to put anyone at risk, and that perpetrators of sexual abuse are brought to justice no matter how much time has passed since their crime. In conclusion, the case of Gary Gilleney serves as a sobering reminder of the long-lasting impact of sexual abuse. The fact that he was able to go on and abuse more girls highlights the need for us as a society to remain vigilant when it comes to the safety of the most vulnerable members of our communities. We must also ensure that our laws are up to date and reflect the values and expectations of modern-day society.