article: Alberto Moreno is close to completing his £16million switch to Liverpool from Sevilla as the Reds continue to bolster their squad ahead of the new season. As Brendan Rodgers homes in on finalising a deal for the highly rated left-back, Sportsmail gives you a rundown on the 22-year-old in demand. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Pile on! Moreno celebrates with Spain team-mates in training . Running the line: Alberto Moreno is close to sealing a £16m switch to Liverpool from Sevilla . So tell me a little about Alberto Moreno... He is a 22-year-old left back that plays for Sevilla, after emerging through the club’s youth system. He has played three times for Spain and is rated as one of the most talented players in his position in Europe. Moreno made 40 appearances last season and was part of the Sevilla side that won the Europa League. Have Liverpool been watching him for long? Yes, they have had their eye on Moreno for some time now. A deal looked close at the beginning of the summer but Liverpool baulked at Sevilla’s £20m asking price, valuing the player in the region of £14m. Competition: Spain defender Moreno (left) is expected to vie with Jon Flanagan for Liverpool's left-back spot . So why have they gone back in for Moreno? Ryan Bertrand emerged as the prime target but Chelsea were reluctant to do business with a potential title rival and the player also wanted to be guaranteed first-team football, as he will be on loan at Southampton this season. Can we expect the deal to be wrapped up soon? Liverpool chief executive Ian Ayre is understood to be travelling to Spain this weekend to seal the deal. A compromise of around £16m is thought to have been reached between Liverpool and Sevilla. Why have Liverpool been so keen to draft in a left back? It has emerged as a problem position for Reds boss Brendan Rodgers. Jose Enrique suffered a long-term injury last season but some had already questioned his credentials as an elite-level full back. Aly Cissokho’s loan spell was erratic and he has returned to Valencia. Jon Flanagan, 21, will provide stiff competition for Moreno though. Unconvincing: Jose Enrique's (left) credentials have been called into question .
highlights: Spain international close to sealing £16million switch to Anfield . Jon Flanagan expected to compete with Moreno for left-back starting role . Jose Enrique future in doubt as Brendan Rodgers continues to strengthen Merseyside club .
id: 6f4c1610cf57f28dc2b4d41f2ae0e7fc151ede0f
chatgpt: In a bid to continue their resurgence, Liverpool are close to sealing a £16million switch for a proven left-back. Reports indicate that an unnamed player from Spain could become the latest addition to Brendan Rodgers’ squad. Currently, Liverpool’s left-back situation is a bit of a mess. Alberto Moreno was an erratic performer for them last season, while Jose Enrique has struggled with injuries and form. Jon Flanagan, the young English talent, has impressed in patches but is yet to become a regular starter. It appears that Rodgers has now decided to invest in a reliable left-back, who can provide some much-needed stability in that position. It is said that Liverpool have identified a Spanish international as their top target for this role. The player, who is yet to be named, is believed to be valued at around £16million. Although he has not been mentioned by the club, reports suggest that the player in question is Alberto Moreno’s compatriot, Sergio Reguilon. Reguilon has had a decent season for Sevilla, where he played on loan from Real Madrid. He is known for his pace and attacking instincts, which would make him a good fit for Liverpool’s style of play. If Reguilon joins Liverpool, he will have some competition for the left-back role. Moreno, despite his shortcomings, is likely to remain at the club and will be determined to fight for his place. Flanagan, too, will have aspirations of making that position his own. The emergence of Reguilon will cast doubts over the future of Jose Enrique. The Spaniard was not included in Liverpool’s squad for the Champions League last season and has struggled for form and fitness over the past two years. Overall, this is another sign that Rodgers is determined to strengthen his squad ahead of the new season. Liverpool have already signed Danny Ings, James Milner, Roberto Firmino and Adam Bogdan, and are now looking to add more quality to their ranks. Reguilon, if signed, will be a good addition to Liverpool’s squad. He will add pace and tenacity to their backline, and could help solidify their defence. However, it remains to be seen how he will adapt to the rigours of the Premier League, and how Rodgers will incorporate him into his team.