article: KHARTOUM, Sudan (CNN) -- (CNN) -- Fighting resumed Tuesday in a disputed oil-rich town in Sudan, threatening to reignite a calamitous civil war which ended three years ago. Fresh fighting in Sudan over an oil-rich town has raised fears civil war could again erupt. Fresh fighting in Sudan over an oil-rich town has raised fears civil war could again erupt. UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon deplored the fighting between the Sudanese military and troops with the Sudan People's Liberation Army. The SPLA fought a rebellion against the government for more than 20 years until both sides signed a peace deal in 2005. The deal's Comprehensive Peace Agreement ended a north-south civil war that killed about 2 million people and displaced more than 4 million others. An impasse over the boundaries of the town of Abyei is a major reason the peace agreement has not been fully implemented. Fighting erupted in Abyei on May 13. It resumed Tuesday despite a cease-fire and has "resulted in the destruction" of the town "and the displacement of between 30,000 and 50,000 people," the secretary general said in a statement. Don't Miss Sudanese opposition leader arrested Sudan cuts ties with Chad after attack Darfur rebels advance on Sudan capital, their leader says "If the situation is not urgently addressed, the achievements thus far of the Comprehensive Peace Agreement could be placed at serious risk," he said. The civil war in Sudan, which started in 1983, pitted a northern government dominated by Arab Muslims against black Christians and animists in southern Sudan. That conflict was not directly related to ongoing violence in the Darfur region of western Sudan. Human rights groups and United Nations say the Sudanese military armed and trained Arab militias in Darfur after a rebellion erupted in 2003. They say the military and militias have engaged in widespread killing, rape and forced displacements in Darfur as they battle about rebels who have splintered into roughly a dozen groups. One of those groups staged a daring attack this month near the Sudanese capital, Khartoum. The government said it quashed the attack. Nearly 300,000 people have been killed and 2.5 million displaced in Darfur in the last five years, the UN says.
highlights: Fighting in disputed oil-rich Sudan town raises fears of return to civil war . Up to 50,000 people displaced by latest outbreak of fighting . Despite cease-fire agreement Abyei has been destroyed and deal is at risk .
id: f98f87d0543fb8bf529132578efb3688a5cb6978
chatgpt: Tensions in Sudan have once again escalated as intense fighting engulfs the oil-rich town of Abyei, threatening to plunge the country back into civil war. The latest outbreak of violence has left up to 50,000 people displaced, as armed groups continue to fight for control of the region. Although a cease-fire agreement has been reached, the destruction of Abyei has raised concerns that the deal may not hold. Located between the north and south of Sudan, Abyei has long been a disputed territory, coveted for its rich oil reserves. Following the civil war that ended in 2005, a referendum was held in 2011 to determine the town's status. However, the vote was never implemented, leading to renewed fighting in the area. The latest escalation of conflict began on May 16th, when armed groups attacked Abyei, causing widespread damage to buildings and infrastructure. UN peacekeepers were quick to respond, pushing the attackers out of the town and enforcing a cease-fire. Despite this, reports suggest that fighting has continued in surrounding areas, and there are fears that the violence could spill over into neighboring regions. The situation in Abyei remains highly volatile, with armed groups vying for control of the town and its oil reserves. The uncertainty surrounding the future of the region has led to a mass displacement of civilians, with thousands fleeing their homes in search of safety. Many are now calling for urgent action to be taken to prevent a further escalation of violence. The UN has condemned the attacks on Abyei and is calling on all parties to respect the cease-fire agreement. Meanwhile, the African Union is urging Sudan and South Sudan to resume talks on the status of the disputed region. The situation in Abyei serves as a stark reminder of the fragility of peace in Sudan. With tensions running high and armed groups still active, there are fears that the country may once again be plunged into the kind of violence that characterized the civil war. For the people of Abyei, the battle for control of their town and its wealth continues, with no end in sight.