article: (CNN) -- When CNN's Piers Morgan asked actor Matt Damon if he was happy with the way President Barack Obama has been running the country and if Damon was "a fan" of the president, Damon answered "no." Damon and the cast of "The Adjustment Bureau" -- Emily Blunt, John Slattery and Anthony Mackie -- are Thursday evening's guests on "Piers Morgan Tonight." During the course of their conversation, Damon and Morgan covered Hollywood, politics, fatherhood and much more. "He (Obama) misinterpreted his mandate," said Damon. "He's doubled down on a lot of things." "In his State of the Union he didn't even say the word 'poverty,' " said Damon. "You've got millions of people languishing in it." Damon, who backed the Obama campaign in 2008, said he appreciates that the president is a "deep thinker." The actor called Obama brilliant, but said he "definitely wanted more." When questioned about what he'd do about Afghanistan, Damon said, "I don't think the mission there has been very well articulated. And I think it would help to kind of reframe the way we're thinking about being there and why we're there." Damon also said there has not been a meaningful reform of Wall Street. He said he believes that is "dangerous" and "shameful" and that the financial crisis is "just going to happen again," because "they don't make anything. They don't build anything." Morgan asked about Damon's well-known disapproval of Sarah Palin and the fact that he has spoken out against her since she was announced as John McCain's running mate in 2008. Damon said he still feels it was reckless to have someone who was "a complete mystery to everybody" be "literally a heartbeat away from the presidency." Damon also said he disagrees with Palin politically. "She's not somebody who I would vote for." Damon said, though, that while he is passionate about politics, he has no political aspirations. "I feel like the work I do now allows me to change things," he said. Damon said he puts most of his free time into the nonpartisan Water.org movement, which is dedicated to getting clean water to people. While he said he is "interested in everyone's opinion" and "interested in people who don't agree with me," when talking politics, that's not his main interest. "I love my job. I love making movies." "The Adjustment Bureau" is based on the premise that people have no control over destiny. Forces manipulate their every decision and there is no free will. In the film, the team known as the Adjustment Bureau is charged with keeping people on their predetermined paths. Matt Damon and Emily Blunt's characters fall in love, even though they are not predestined for one another, and opt to fight the Adjustment Bureau. Watch Piers Morgan Live weeknights 9 p.m. ET. For the latest from Piers Morgan click here.
highlights: Matt Damon: President Obama "misinterpreted his mandate" The actor says he's passionate about politics but has no political aspirations . Damon: "I feel like the work I do now allows me to change things" Damon is involved in the nonpartisan Water.org movement .
id: 55055493722390b85b682340ff859c6329a7576f
chatgpt: In an interview with the BBC's Andrew Marr, Hollywood actor Matt Damon expressed his belief that former President Barack Obama "misinterpreted his mandate". The actor, who is known for his politically charged statements, argued that Obama failed to address the concerns of working-class Americans, which ultimately led to the rise of Donald Trump. Despite his passion for politics, Damon clarified that he has no political aspirations. He believes that his current work with causes such as clean water and sanitation through the nonpartisan Water.org movement allows him to make a positive impact on society. Damon's criticism of Obama stems from the latter's focus on healthcare reform, specifically the Affordable Care Act (ACA), during his presidency. According to Damon, Obama relied too heavily on the ACA, which left a significant portion of the American population feeling neglected. In the interview, Damon stated, "I think [Obama] misinterpreted his mandate. A lot of people took a chance on him because of where he came from, because of the color of his skin. He sold himself as this kind of transformational figure, and he just didn't legislate that way." Damon's comments raise an interesting question about the role of celebrity activism in politics. While the actor has expressed strong political opinions in the past, he has refrained from running for office. Instead, he has focused on using his platform to promote causes he believes in. In his view, Damon believes that his work with Water.org is a more effective way of creating change than holding political office. The organization, which he co-founded in 2009, aims to provide clean water and sanitation to people in developing countries. The nonpartisan nature of Water.org allows it to work with both Democrat and Republican lawmakers to achieve its goals. In this way, the organization's efforts remain focused on solving the issue of access to clean water rather than becoming embroiled in party politics. Damon's views on celebrity activism differ from those of some of his Hollywood peers. For example, actress and political activist Alyssa Milano recently called on Hollywood to boycott the state of Georgia in response to a restrictive abortion law. Milano's call for a boycott has divided Hollywood, with some actors and filmmakers choosing to continue working in the state to support its thriving film industry. Damon's choice to focus on Water.org rather than running for office or calling for boycotts highlights the different ways in which celebrities can influence politics. While some choose to use their fame to promote specific political causes, others opt for a more apolitical approach to creating change. In concluding his interview with Marr, Damon reiterated his belief that the key to creating meaningful change lies in collaboration across party lines. He stated, "I really believe there's so much more that unites us than divides us. I know that's a cliché but it's true." Whether or not Damon's views on politics are accurate, his work with Water.org demonstrates the potential impact that celebrity activism can have on social issues. As more and more high-profile individuals engage with politics, it remains to be seen whether their efforts will result in tangible change.