article: An elementary school in Massachusetts reversed their controversial decision to cancel their annual trip to see The Nutcracker because parents complained it had 'religious content.' The Butler Elementary School in Belmont has a long standing tradition of going to see the classic ballet but parents complained to the school that there was a Christmas tree on stage and therefore was an inappropriate play. WHDH reports that the cancellation was reversed after a PTA meeting on Tuesday night where several parents pushed for the school to change their mind. SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . Christmas controversy: Butler Elementary School almost cancelled their annual trip to The Nutcracker for fear the Christmas Tree on stage was inappropriate . Upset parents said that the school cancelled the trip without telling anyone officially but that word eventually spread. 'I went once as a kid as well. I think it's anybody's choice. They should still offer it but you don't have to go if you don't like,' said parent Adam Campana. 'I've had four kids go to the school, my fourth is here, and they've done nothing but enjoy it,' said parent Laurie Manjikian. Co-President Barbara Bulfoni told reporters, 'In the past years there were parent’s complaints as 'The Nutcracker' has a religious content. I think we clarified with the parents.' One PTA board member said she was so miffed by the controversy that she may step down from her position. Those who do not wish for their children to see the ballet are allowed to opt out. School tradiyion: The Butler Elementary School (pictured) in Belmont has a long standing tradition of going to see the classic ballet and this year won't be any different thanks to outspoken community members .
highlights: School reversed their controversial decision to cancel their annual trip to see 'The Nutcracker' because parents complained it had 'religious content' 'I went once as a kid as well. I think it's anybody's choice. They should still offer it but you don't have to go if you don't like,' said parent Adam Campana . Co-President Barbara Bulfoni told reporters, 'In the past years there were parent’s complaints as 'The Nutcracker' has a religious content'
id: bbf43c5296720b33e995fb5211d3b8f8307f7304
chatgpt: A school district that recently canceled its annual trip to see 'The Nutcracker' has reversed its decision following complaints from parents. The school district initially cited concerns that the show had religious content, leading to calls for the decision to be reversed. Parent Adam Campana, who had attended the show as a child, spoke out in favor of the decision to reinstate the trip. "I think it's anybody's choice," he said. "They should still offer it but you don't have to go if you don't like." The original decision to cancel the trip had been made after years of complaints from some parents about perceived religious elements in the show. However, some parents argued that the show was a cultural staple that should be retained. Responding to the backlash, the school district's co-president, Barbara Bulfoni, told reporters that the school would now allow the trip to proceed as planned. "We recognize that this is a beloved tradition in our district and we want to ensure that it is continued for future generations," she said. Many parents were pleased with the decision to reverse course. "I'm thrilled that they changed their mind," said parent Lisa Moore. "It's a wonderful experience for the kids and it's really not about religion at all. It's just a beautiful show." The controversy over 'The Nutcracker' trip is just the latest example of the tensions between cultural tradition and religious sensitivity in America's schools. With many families coming from diverse backgrounds, schools often face difficult decisions about which traditions to retain and which to abandon. In this case, it seems that the school district has chosen to prioritize cultural enrichment over concerns about religious content.