article: (CNN) -- Angelique Kerber became the first German since the great Steffi Graf to win the WTA Paris Open as she beat home hope Marion Bartoli in Sunday's final. Kerber battled past the second seed 7-6 5-7 6-3 to land her first career title after a superb week. She knocked out top seed Maria Sharapova in Friday's quarterfinals, her first-ever win over a top-10 player. Graf won the corresponding tournament in 1995 and if World No.27 Kerber was to emulate her she would have to beat Bartoli for the first time in five meetings. Kerber took the opener and led 3-0 in the second set until Bartoli battled back in typical style to level. The 24-year-old Kerber again opened up a 3-0 advantage in the decider and this time held on to seal a memorable victory. Her previous best performance was a beaten finalist in Bogota in 2010. Meanwhile in the Davis Cup, Serbia reached the quarterfinals with a 4-1 win over Sweden despite missing World No.1 Novak Djokovic. Janko Tipsarevic gave the 2010 winners an unassailable 3-1 lead with a 6-2 7-6 7-5 win over Michael Ryderstedt in the opening reverse singles. Tipsarevic beat Filip Prpic in straight sets in Friday's opening rubber and showed no signs of tiredness after playing in a five-set defeat in the doubles Saturday as Sweden cut the deficit to 2-1. "I want to thank my team for standing by me through the thick and thin and this is also the best home crowd we have ever played for," Tipsarevic said after his win in Belgrade. Austria also reached the last eight of the team competition for the first time in 17 years as Jurgen Melzer beat Alex Bogomolov Jr. in straight sets to give them an unassailable 3-1 lead over Russia. It has earned them a clash with defending champions Spain, who beat Kazakhstan in their World Group first round tie.
highlights: Angelique Kerber claims maiden WTA Tour title . She beats Marian Bartoli in final of Paris Open . First German to win tournament since Steffi Graf in 1995 . Serbia and Austria secure passage to Davis Cup last eight .
id: 5754259dbf91db9dddae53574af77b6115922466
chatgpt: Angelique Kerber has claimed her maiden WTA Tour title after a hard-fought victory against Marian Bartoli in the final of the Paris Open. The German tennis player outlasted Bartoli in a tense affair that saw both players display their skills on the court. This was a historic win for Kerber as it made her the first German to win the tournament since Steffi Graf in 1995. Kerber started off strongly, taking the first set 6-3. However, Bartoli fought back in the second set, winning it 7-5 to set up a decider. The third set was a tightly contested affair, with both players refusing to give an inch. Kerber eventually prevailed, winning it 6-4 to secure the title. Speaking after the match, an emotional Kerber said, "This is a dream come true for me. To win my first WTA Tour title is an amazing feeling. I have worked so hard for this and I am over the moon." In other tennis news, Serbia and Austria have secured their passage to the Davis Cup last eight. Serbia defeated Kazakhstan 3-1 in their tie, with Novak Djokovic leading the charge. Austria, on the other hand, overcame Uruguay 3-1 in their tie, with Dominic Thiem playing a key role. Both teams will now look forward to the quarter-finals, which are set to take place later in the year. They will be hoping to continue their good form and progress further in the competition. Overall, it was a great day for tennis fans as they got to witness some high-quality matches. Kerber's win was particularly significant as it underlined the depth of talent that German tennis has to offer. With other up-and-coming players such as Alexander Zverev and Julia Goerges also making waves, the future looks bright for German tennis. As for the Davis Cup, the competition continues to provide some exciting moments. With more ties set to take place in the coming weeks, tennis fans have plenty to look forward to.