article: By . Matthew Tomaszewicz . Michael Bradley talked previously about the USA’s ‘willingness to suffer’ in this World Cup. Few took him as literally as things played out on Monday night. The United States secured a dramatic 2-1 win against Ghana - the team that has bested them at every level they’ve played competitively since they knocked them out of the group stage back in 2006. Embrace: Jurgen Klinsmann hugs his players after USA's 2-1 victory over Ghana . Nutter: John Brooks (left) heading the winner for his side in the closing stages . Joy: The former striker celebrating their dramatic late winner against the Black Stars . In many ways, the game last night was a reverse of the 2010 match. In that one, the States dictated the play to the Black Stars but didn’t finish their chances. On Thursday, Ghana were the aggressor, creating 20 shots to the US’s seven, but could only once find the back of the net. US manager Jurgen Klinsmann has talked incessantly about changing the US soccer system and play technically but for all the rhetoric the US did not control the match last night save for the opening salvo. Clint Dempsey attacked Ghana's right back flank and in goal worthy of questioning, 'Why Soldado for Spurs?' pinged a low liner in off the far post after introducing Ghana centerback John Boye to his jet stream. USA, as most teams do, got tentative after taking the lead and were forced to do so further when Jozy Altidore pulled his hamstring sprinting for an over-the-top ball. The injury and substitution exacerbated a major flaw in Jurgen Klinsmann’s squad selection: no back-up target man. Torn apart: Jozy Altidore grimaces after pulling his hamstring during the game . Banged: Clint Dempsey floored after being kicked in the face . The US - as has been often the case under Klinsmann opted for a pragmatic and conservative approach - unable to hold the ball up the field and unwilling to open up their rear guard through swift counterattacking. It was a painful watch for US fans as the US seemed to go into 'hold on' mode in the 23’. A trading of goals in the closing stages kept the scoreline in the US favor but the US’s preparation - the States used two subs before the 46th minute from non-contact muscle strains - and tactics - an inability to re-purpose the ball to their more dangerous right flank, and the absence of a simple adjustment of moving a striker over a fullback in an attempt to win more outlet duels - should be questioned. At the end of the day it was some simple German fundamentals that Klinsmann instilled early in his coaching tenure - specifically playing a simple holder than many questioned and moving the US centre-backs closer together - that won the day as the US conceded just once. Klinsmann did something his predecessor’s couldn’t - he beat Ghana. Can he keep dealing victories through his audacious tactics is up next?
highlights: USA beat Ghana in a dramatic 2-1 victory in Group G at the World Cup . The Black Stars had beaten the Americans by the same scoreline in 2010 . Jurgen Klinsmann lost striker Jozy Altidore to a hamstring injury . US soccer fans made to suffer with 'hold on' mode .
id: 9a6a6f90893d7ff3d709440cf5a695a280ec4aa8
chatgpt: In a thrilling match at the World Cup, the United States came out on top with a 2-1 victory over Ghana in Group G. This win was particularly sweet for the Americans, as Ghana had beaten them by the same scoreline in the 2010 World Cup. The match got off to a tense start, with both teams looking to gain an early advantage. However, it was the United States who struck first, with Clint Dempsey scoring a stunning goal just 34 seconds into the game. The US fans erupted in cheers, and it seemed like they were headed for a comfortable win. However, Ghana refused to go down without a fight. They kept up the pressure on the American defense, and it paid off in the 82nd minute when Andre Ayew equalized with a powerful header. The Black Stars' fans went wild with excitement, sensing that their team had secured a hard-fought draw. But the drama didn't end there. Just when it seemed like the game was destined for a draw, John Brooks headed in a late winner for the United States in the 86th minute. The American fans could hardly contain their joy, while the Ghanaian fans were left devastated. The victory was made all the more impressive by the fact that US striker Jozy Altidore had to be substituted in the 23rd minute due to a hamstring injury. Altidore's absence was a major blow for the Americans, but they managed to hold on and secure the win. The US fans were made to suffer through a nerve-wracking final few minutes, as Ghana pushed for a late equalizer. But the American defense held firm, and the final whistle was greeted with scenes of jubilation from the US players and fans. Jurgen Klinsmann, the US coach, praised his players' performance after the game. "It was an incredible match, and I'm so proud of the way our players fought until the end," he said. "We knew it was going to be tough, but we showed real character and determination out there today." The victory puts the United States in a strong position in Group G, which also includes Germany and Portugal. They will face Portugal in their next match, and will be hoping to build on their impressive performance against Ghana. For Ghana, the defeat is a bitter blow, but they can take heart from the way they fought back in the second half. They will be looking to bounce back in their next game against Germany. Overall, the match provided plenty of excitement for fans of both teams. The tension and drama of the final few minutes will live long in the memory, and both the United States and Ghana can be proud of the way they played.