article: Paterson, New Jersey (CNN) -- President Barack Obama reviewed damage inflicted by Hurricane Irene in northern New Jersey on Sunday, promising residents, "We'll be there to help." Obama visited the towns of Paterson and Wayne, where residents showed the high-water marks from the flooding spawned by last week's hurricane. The Passaic River and one of its tributaries, the Pompton, overflowed their banks through the area after Irene dumped heavy rains across the Northeast. "I know it's a tough time right now," Obama told people whose homes had flooded in Wayne, on the banks of the Pompton. "You guys hang in there. We're going to do everything we can to help." Irene inflicted at least $1 billion in wind damage alone from North Carolina to New England, according to federal government estimates. Private-sector analysts have put the total expected losses as high as $6 billion. Get the latest news on Tropical Storm Lee . The federal government's tab for the storm could exhaust the $800 million left in the Federal Emergency Management Agency's disaster relief fund before the fiscal year ends September 30. Some conservative House Republicans, led by Rep. Eric Cantor, R-Virginia, have called for spending cuts to offset any increase in emergency funds. But Obama told reporters Sunday that he would not let "Washington politics" affect recovery efforts. "We're going to make sure resources are here," he said. Irene dumped torrential rain across the Eastern Seaboard from Florida to Vermont, where more flooding cut off small towns in the New England hills. A total of 43 people died in the storm, which hit North Carolina's Outer Banks as a hurricane with 85 mph winds, bounced off the Jersey Shore as a minimal hurricane and finally came ashore as a tropical storm over the city of New York. About 1,700 people in the Wayne, Paterson, Little Falls, Totowa and Woodland Park areas were forced to evacuate when the Passaic and other nearby waterways flooded. Some of the people Obama met had dragged their waterlogged belongings out to the curb. During Sunday's visit, Obama hugged several people, including one woman who was overcome with tears, and at one point he theatrically rummaged through his pockets for change. "I know it could have been worse, but we should not underestimate the heartache that's going through these communities and affecting a lot of these families," the president said. Obama viewed the Passaic, which had crested Tuesday at seven feet over its flood stage, from a bridge in downtown Paterson and visited a relief center set up in the parking lot of a home-improvement store. About 600 utility customers remained without power in the Paterson area, out of about 6,600 remaining outages statewide. The president was accompanied by various officials, including New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, a Republican, and the state's two Democratic U.S. senators, Frank Lautenberg and Robert Menendez. FEMA Director Craig Fugate and the agency's coordinating officer, Bill Vogel, also appeared with the president. CNN's Nina Raja contributed to this report.
highlights: "We're going to do everything we can to help," Obama says . Obama views flood damage in Paterson and Wayne, New Jersey . Damage estimates from Hurricane Irene run as high as $6 billion .
id: 9bc161c85d9276b98a46eee02049277b8ad56f8e
chatgpt: Former President Barack Obama visited the flood-damaged areas of Paterson and Wayne, New Jersey on Sunday, promising help for those afflicted by Hurricane Irene. The damage estimates from the massive hurricane run as high as $6 billion across the eastern seaboard. Obama personally viewed the devastation in the affected areas, and reassured residents that the government would do everything possible to aid their recovery. Speaking at a news conference with Governor Chris Christie, Obama expressed the federal government's readiness to provide assistance to the affected states in their recovery effort. He acknowledged that it would be a long-term effort and that help would be needed for a considerable period. Obama stressed that he was in constant touch with Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) Director Craig Fugate, adding that "We're going to do everything we can to help." After declaring a state of emergency in New York, Maryland, and Virginia on Saturday, President Obama signed a similar declaration for New Jersey on Sunday. These declarations free up government resources, as well as providing relief from federal regulations that could inhibit the timely recovery of afflicted areas. With the death toll from the hurricane now standing at 38, the authorities are urging people to exercise caution as they return to their homes and businesses.  The National Weather Service has warned that high water levels may persist in some areas that were affected by the hurricane, and people could face health risks from contaminated water supplies. Authorities have also cautioned that some areas may not have access to electricity for days. While power has been restored to some areas, others have reported prolonged outages, exacerbating the plight of residents affected by flooding. The damage inflicted by the hurricane across the Atlantic coast is expected to be costly, and it is feared that the overall bill for rebuilding could come to as much as $10 billion. Unsurprisingly, among the hardest-hit states are those which were already experiencing fiscal difficulties. In New Jersey, the damage caused by floods is expected to be particularly severe, given the state's already perilous fiscal position. The State, which is contending with a debt crisis and growing budget deficit, is under intense pressure from creditors seeking to cut budgets further. However, with the State's emergency funds already depleted owing to the cost of fighting wildfires earlier in the year, Governor Chris Christie has appealed for urgent assistance from the Federal Government. In the meantime, as residents face the daunting task of rebuilding their homes and businesses in the wake of Hurricane Irene, President Obama has made it clear that Federal help will be available. He has also made it clear that the process of recovery will take time, and that he'll stay in touch with governors of the affected states to provide the necessary support for their constituents to ensure that the affected communities emerge stronger in the aftermath of the Hurricane.