article: (CNN) -- It's already capable of carrying more passengers than any other commercial aircraft, but the Airbus A380 could be about to squeeze in a few extra. In a move that adds a dose of economic reality to airline dreams of luxuriously pimped superjumbos, the plane's manufacturer says that next week it will unveil a new 11-seat-row economy-class configuration. By raising the three seats next to each window a few inches to take advantage of extra fuselage space, Airbus says it will create enough room to accommodate five people in the middle of the plane. While the prospect of spending a long haul flight stuck in the middle seat might be unappealing for passengers, Airbus says it makes sense for airline revenues. "Several customers are saying they are interested in looking at ways of making the aircraft more productive," Airbus spokesman Justin Dubon tells CNN. Murdo Morrison, editor of Flightglobal magazine, says the new configuration indicates that financial realities are catching up with airlines, which once promised to fill their A380s with casinos and double beds. He says sales of the European manufacturer's flagship have been disappointing since the plane was launched in October 2007. "With the price of fuel going up so much, the focus for airlines is economizing and trying to get as many passengers as possible into an aircraft," he tells CNN. Raised capacity . Dubon says the extra seats, which won't compromise on the existing 18-inch width of current chairs, would raise economy-class capacity by 7%. This would mean 30 more seats in a standard cabin layout, but even when full would put the A380 well short of its maximum load capacity. "The middle seats will be the last ones filled," he says, adding that the center seats could prove popular with families. Airbus declined to reveal which airlines were pushing for increased capacity, but says 11-seat mockups will go on display at the Aircraft Interiors Expo in Hamburg, Germany, from April 8-10. Morrison says that while few passengers will rush to claim the center seats, there will be no significant increase in discomfort. "The drawback of any five-seat block is, if you are in the middle, you've always got two people to climb over, but you've already got that if you're in the window seat of a block of three," he says. "Ultimately it is the airline's decision -- they have to get the balance between adding seat capacity and what the passengers will put up with. "If you pack in too many it becomes claustrophobic and that could have a detrimental affect on the airline."
highlights: Airbus says it will unveil new economy class seating configuration that puts 11 seats in a row of its A380 superjumbo . Extra seats will be added by partially raising the floor of the cabin to maximize fuselage width . Analyst says extra seats show economic realities have caught up with luxury plans for the huge aircraft .
id: fc159b8db47c50d929c02cedf278e22f58618f4d
chatgpt: Airbus has announced plans to reconfigure the economy class seating arrangement on its A380 superjumbo, with a new layout that will fit 11 seats in a row. The company stated that the changes will be brought about by partially raising the floor of the cabin, enabling them to make full use of the aircraft's fuselage width. The modifications are expected to allow the airline to seat 34 extra passengers on the aircraft, boosting overall capacity from 497 to 531 seats. Unfortunately, some analysts predict that the added seating could signal difficulties for the Airbus A380. Luxury plans for the superjumbo have been a priority in the past, however, economic realities appear to have caught up to the massive aircraft. The shift towards a more economic configuration may indicate that the A380 is struggling to compete in a market that increasingly favors smaller, more efficient planes. Air travel remains a booming industry, with more people than ever before using air transportation. However, the market for superjumbos such as the A380 has declined as airlines have opted for more flexible planes that can be used on a wider range of routes. For many airlines, the ability to transport smaller numbers of passengers on a more regular basis has become more important than being able to transport large groups on an intermittent basis. Airbus has long promoted the A380 as the ultimate in luxury air travel, but over the years, the company has struggled to attract as many customers as it hoped. After facing significant delays during the development of the aircraft, the A380 has also had to compete with the Boeing 747, which remains a popular choice among airlines for long-haul flights. On the other hand, the A380 has been a hit with passengers, who appreciate the added comfort and space that the superjumbo provides. However, with the new seating configuration planned by Airbus, it remains to be seen whether the A380 will remain a leader in comfort or be relegated to simply being a people-mover. Airbus plans to implement the new seating configuration on A380s that will be delivered in 2019, and the company is already working with several airlines who have expressed interest in adopting the new layout. While the changes may meet with some resistance from passengers who value comfort over economy, the new configuration will allow airlines to remain competitive in a rapidly changing industry. Overall, the new seating configuration shows that Airbus is taking steps to adapt to a changing market. Despite mixed reviews for the A380, it remains a formidable aircraft with a loyal following among passengers. By making the necessary adjustments to remain competitive, Airbus may be able to ensure that the A380 remains a viable option for airlines worldwide.