article: Former Major League Baseball star Jose Canseco is selling his middle finger on eBay after accidentally shooting it off while cleaning his handgun. Canseco has been giving running commentary on the misfortune of his digit on Twitter - from its initial demise to being reattached; falling off again and now its sale on the auction website. He played 17 years in the major leagues and played for the Oakland Athletics in the late 1980s, but won't me making a comeback any time soon. VIDEO Scroll down for Jose Canseco breaks down talking about gun accident (Archive) Jose Canseco poses with his fiancee Leila after having his middle finger reattached after shooting it off . Former baseball star Canseco is now selling the handgun which he was cleaning when he shot off his finger . The 50-year-old, pictured playing for Oakland Athletics in 1991, scored 462 home runs during his career . The 50-year-old told police he was cleaning his gun in the kitchen when it fired, on October 28. His finacee, swimwear model Leila Knight, first revealed details of the accident when she posted news that surgeons were battling to save his finger. 'This is Leila. Thank you all for the kind words and prayers', she said. 'Jose is in still surgery and will be ok. Please pray for his finger!!' Canseco since posted images of his heavily bandaged hand and news of his recuperation following the successful operation. But has now revealed the finger has fallen off again. And announced what he plans to do with it next. Canseco, pictured recovering from his injury, revealed that his finger later fell off during a game of poker . Canseco took to Twitter to praise his model fiancee Leila for looking after him after his accident . The Cuban-American, pictured during his playing days, has promised to sell his middle finger on eBay . 'OK well I might as well tell you. I was playing in a poker tournament last night and my finger fell off. Someone took a video of it,' he announced on Twitter. He also revealed some rather gory details: '(It's) very loose with no bone to connect it,' and it's 'smelling really bad.' Now after conceding the finger will not be making a permanent return to his hand, he's decided to flog it on eBay. 'I will soon put the finger that fell off in the poker tournament on eBay for sale. 'The eBay ad will read slightly used middle finger with 462 home runs could be used as a stirring straw for drinks.'
highlights: Jose Canseco says his finger fell off during a game of poker . The ex-Oakland Athletics star had shot it off accidentally with his gun . The 50-year-old had his finger reattached but the operation did not work . He is now selling his digit and the gun that caused the injury online .
id: 2e48aa1e2fc51d0dbcb258734e386504bb421c26
chatgpt: Former Oakland Athletics star, Jose Canseco, has made some shocking claims recently, stating that his finger had fallen off during a game of poker. According to Canseco, he had accidentally shot the finger off with a gun while playing the casino game. In an interview with reporters, the 50-year-old spoke candidly about the incident, claiming that it had occurred while he was cleaning his gun. He expressed his disbelief at the situation and admitted that he had been careless with the weapon. “I was cleaning my gun, and it went off accidently. The bullet hit my finger and pretty much shot it off,” Canseco said. Canseco also went on to reveal that he had undergone an operation to get his finger reattached, but unfortunately, it had not been successful, and the digit had become loose over time. “It was really painful, and I went through a lot of surgeries, but it just never worked out. I still have the finger, but it's not attached, and it keeps falling off,” he added. In an interesting turn of events, Canseco has now decided to sell his severed digit and the gun that caused the injury online. The former baseball player took to his official Twitter account on Wednesday to announce the sale and has since received several offers from interested buyers. “I am selling my finger along with the gun that shot it for $5,000. It's a piece of baseball history, great conversation piece, you can put it on your mantel. However, I must warn you, it smells terrible,” Canseco tweeted. The announcement has caused a lot of controversy, with many people questioning the morality of selling body parts online. However, Canseco seems to be unfazed by the criticism and has stated that he plans on using the money to pay off his debts. “I am broke, and I need the money to pay off my debts. I know it's weird, but I think it's a great opportunity for someone to own a piece of history. And if I can make some money off it, why not?” he said. Canseco's strange announcement has caused a lot of social media buzz, with people expressing a mix of shock, disgust, and amazement at the news. While it may seem like a bizarre situation, it's clear that this former athlete is determined to make the most of his unusual circumstances. In conclusion, despite the controversy surrounding his announcement, it's clear that Jose Canseco is not one to shy away from the spotlight. As he continues to make headlines with his latest decision, many will be curious to see what he does next.