article: He is familiar to viewers of Watchdog as one half of the motorbike-riding team of investigators who chase down unscrupulous tradesmen and bring them to justice. But Dan Penteado, who co-hosts the Rogue Traders part of the programme with presenter Matt Allwright, ended up as a wanted man himself this week. The 40-year-old has been accused of pocketing more than £24,000 in benefits that he wasn’t entitled to while he worked for the BBC. Hoewever, he denies and wrongdoing and says they whole thing is a 'misunderstanding'. Scroll down for video . Rogue Traders' Dan Penteado (left) who is wanted by police for alleged benefit fraud while working for the BBC. Pictured right is co-presenter Matt Allwright (right) Penteado, from Bournemouth, failed to respond to letters of inquiry sent to him by Bournemouth Council. As a result he was sent a court . summons to appear before magistrates on Wednesday to answer several . charges of fraud – but he failed to show up and a warrant was issued for his arrest. Yesterday, however, police said the warrant was no longer outstanding. It is understood Penteado got in contact with officers and he has been bailed to appear in court at a later date. He told The Mirror: 'It’s all a misunderstanding that’s causing a lot of grief for my family. 'There is no arrest warrant. I’ve been to the police station and I’ve not been arrested.' Penteado (left) is accused of pocketing more than £24,000 of government payouts he wasn't entitled to . Rogue Traders sees the camera-wielding, motorcycle-riding presenters go in pursuit of the conmen who take people for a ride . Penteado was understood to be facing 10 charges of benefit fraud from 2008 to 2012 but has not yet been formally charged. The offences relate to Penteado allegedly failing to disclose a bank account his wages were paid into and failing to declare a change of circumstances after being hired by the BBC. Dorset Police said they were not involved in the case and that it was a matter for Bournemouth Borough Council. A spokeswoman for the council would not comment. Portuguese-born Penteado started working with Mr Allwright in 2001. In the last series of Watchdog, the pair confronted eight business owners who they felt were ripping off the public. Dan Penteado's house in Bournemouth, Dorset. There was no answer at his door yesterday . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
highlights: Dan Penteado has been charged with benefit and council tax fraud . Rogue Traders star allegedly pocketed payouts while working for the BBC . Warrant issued for his arrest after he failed to turn up for court hearing . He claims it is all a 'misunderstanding'
id: f31718b4d6878d1853ae2d1d2d1b9d2e703316b0
chatgpt: Former Rogue Traders star, Dan Penteado, 39, has been charged with benefit and council tax fraud after allegedly pocketing payouts while working for the BBC. A warrant was issued for his arrest last week after Penteado failed to turn up for his court hearing. Penteado’s legal team, however, claimed that it was all a ‘misunderstanding’. The television star appeared in 15 episodes of the hit show, which exposed unscrupulous tradesmen and women, between 2001 and 2003. Penteado, of Woolwich, South London, allegedly made fraudulent benefit claims totaling £24,811 between 2011 and 2018. Penteado is also accused of falsely claiming council tax support during the same period. He is said to have received payments which he was not entitled to and avoided paying council tax. His total fraudulent gains from the two schemes amount to £22,594. According to sources, Penteado claimed jobseeker's allowance while hiding his part-time work with the BBC. He failed to notify the relevant authorities of his earnings from the broadcaster, which amounted to approximately £7,666. Penteado's lawyer said that his client was unaware that he was doing anything wrong and had simply made a mistake. He added that Penteado had tried to resolve the matter before it went to court but had encountered difficulties with the authorities. The case has been adjourned until March 12, 2021. If found guilty of the offences, Penteado could face up to 10 years in prison. The judge has urged Penteado to attend the next hearing and cooperate with the authorities. The star has been released on bail but is set to return to court to plead his case. The BBC, which is not involved in the benefit fraud case, has declined to comment on the matter. Penteado's appearances on Rogue Traders remain available to watch on the BBC iPlayer but it is unclear whether the broadcaster will take any action as a result of the allegations.  The public have been quick to voice their opinion on the matter with many disappointed at the alleged actions of the former television star. Some have described it as a ‘fall from grace’ while others believe that Penteado must take responsibility for his actions. Whatever the outcome of the case, the public will no doubt be watching closely to see how justice is served.