article: A CIA spokesman says a new intelligence assessment estimates that the Islamic State group can muster between 20,000 and 31,500 fighters across Iraq and Syria, up from a previous figure of 10,000. The new assessment is based on a review of intelligence reports from May to August. It is larger than the 20,000 figure being used by many outside experts. The CIA estimates that 2,000 of those fighters are from Western nations . Scroll down for videos . Leader: A man purported to be the reclusive leader of the militant Islamic State Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi has made what would be his first public appearance at a mosque in the center of Iraq's second city, Mosul, according to a video recording posted on the Internet on July 5, 2014 . Swollen ranks: A resident of Tabqa city touring the streets on a motorcycle waves an Islamist flag in celebration after Islamic State militants took over Tabqa air base, in nearby Raqqa city August 24, 2014 . 'This new total reflects an increase in members because of stronger recruitment since June following battlefield successes and the declaration of a caliphate,' CIA spokesman Todd Ebitz said. CIA spokesman Ryan Trapani says the new total reflects stronger recruitment by the extremist group since June following battlefield successes and the group's declaration of a caliphate. He says the revised number also reflects 'greater battlefield activity, and additional intelligence.' According to CNN, more than 15,000 fighters from 80 countries around the world, including 2,000 from Westerners, have gone to Syria to join the militants. Joined by foreign fighters: A fighter of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL or ISIS) holds an ISIL flag and a weapon on a street in the city of Mosul, June 23, 2014 . Divergent groups: Iraqi Shiite militia fighters hold the Islamic State flag as they celebrate after breaking the siege of Amerli by Islamic State militants, September 1, 2014 . The revised figure comes a day after President Obama outlined his plans to 'dismantle and ultimately destroy' ISIS. On Wednesday, Obama laid out plans to go after Islamic State militants with possible sustained airstrikes and associated military actions designed to neutralize the foe. He insisted that despite ISIS declaring a caliphate, controlling large areas in Iraq and Syria and calling itself Islamic State, it is not a legitimate 'state.' The president wants to train Syrian rebels to serve as ground troops against ISIS in Iraq and Syria. However, after three years of civil war, there are many diverse groups fighting President Bashar al-Assad - and one other - ranging from moderates to extremists. 'There’s a lot of skepticism about this piece of the president’s strategy,' Representative Adam B. Schiff, Democrat of California, a member of the House Intelligence Committee told The New York Times. 'The so-called moderate rebels have often been very immoderate and ineffective.'
highlights: A new CIA intelligence assessment estimates ISIS can gather between 20,000 and 21,500 fighters . A previous estimate had put the figure at 10,000 . It is thought that 2,000 of that number are from Western countries .
id: b062594cc2337e552022e0c1bc92ef69914ed40b
chatgpt: According to a new intelligence assessment by the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) has an estimated 20,000 to 21,500 fighters. This is a significant increase from the previous estimate, which put the figure at around 10,000. The new assessment suggests that ISIS' recruitment efforts have been successful, attracting more fighters from across the world to join their ranks. In particular, it is believed that around 2,000 of these fighters are from Western countries. The increase in the number of ISIS fighters points to the continued threat that the group poses to global security. The group's extremist ideology and use of brutal tactics have made it one of the most dangerous terrorist organizations in the world. The new assessment also highlights the challenges facing those trying to combat the group. The large number of fighters, particularly those from Western countries, means that they are able to carry out attacks with ease and are difficult to track down. However, governments around the world are taking steps to try and combat the threat posed by ISIS. A number of countries have increased their intelligence gathering efforts, sharing information with each other to try and identify and locate ISIS fighters. There has also been a significant increase in military operations targeting the group. A coalition comprising the United States, Britain, France and other countries have been carrying out bombing raids on ISIS targets in Syria and Iraq. Despite these efforts, however, it is clear that ISIS remains a significant threat. The group has shown that it is able to adapt to changing circumstances, and is constantly seeking out new recruits and new tactics to use in its fight against the West. As such, it is crucial that governments across the world continue to work together to combat the threat posed by ISIS. This will require not only increased military operations, but also greater efforts to address the root causes of extremism and terrorism. In particular, it is essential that efforts are made to counter the group's extremist ideology and to provide support to those communities most at risk of being targeted by ISIS recruiters. Only by working together and taking a comprehensive and coordinated approach can the threat posed by ISIS be effectively addressed, and the world made a safer place for everyone.