article: By . Simon Jones . Liverpool’s alarming collapse could cost Brendan Rodgers’ side the title after Crystal Palace exposed the Reds’ defensive frailties on Monday night. There’s no doubt the Anfield boss will be on the lookout for replacements this summer. Sportsmail’s SIMON JONES looks at 10 possible options for Rodgers to consider to shore-up his leaky defence. MARCOS ROJO . Sporting LisbonAge: 24Cost £12m . Argentina defender who plays at left-back for his country but centre-back for his club. Technically good, has pace, is tough and grabs the occasional goal. FEDERICO FAZIO . SevillaAge: 27Cost: £10m . Stylish Argentine defender with a ruthless streak. Good on the ball and 6ft 5ins tall. Has also been watched by Arsenal and Everton over recent years. STEFAN DE VRIJ . FeyenoordAge: 22Cost: £5m . Holland international is ready to leave Feyenoord but has one year left on his  contract. Liverpool have watched him and team-mate Bruno Martins Indi. JOEL VELTMAN . AjaxAge: 22Cost £12m . Manchester United, Tottenham and Arsenal have all watched him and Liverpool can see his potential but Ajax will make it difficult for him to leave just now. INIGO MARTINEZ . Real SociedadAge: 22Cost: £22m . Spanish international has been watched by United, City and Barcelona but all have question marks about his ability to match the more physical opponents. DEJAN LOVREN . SouthamptonAge: 24Cost: £12m . Move to Southampton has only served to improve his reputation. Croatia international is a good all-round defender and Premier League experience helps. JAVI MARTINEZ . Bayern MunichAge: 25Cost: £30m . Accomplished holding midfielder who can also play at centre-back. The Spaniard is unsettled at Munich and is among players considering his future under Pep Guardiola. STEVEN CAULKER . Cardiff CityAge: 22Cost: £8.5m . Has had an indifferent season but emerged with credit despite Cardiff’s relegation. Brendan Rodgers is a fan and age is on his side to keep improving. MATEO MUSACCHIO . VillarrealAge: 23Cost: £25m . Not the biggest centre-back but tough and uncompromising. Has good positional sense, reads the game very well and intercepts danger frequently. MARTIN HINTEREGGER . Red Bull SalzburgAge: 21Cost: £8m . Still a bit raw but has right physical attributes. Has also been watched by Arsenal and United. Liverpool scouts watched the Austrian in action against Uruguay in March. AND HERE’S ONE THEY PREPARED EARLIER...LLOYD JONES . LiverpoolAge: 18 . Liverpool paid compensation to Plymouth for the teenage defender who is impressing club coaches and has captained the Under 21 side. Is decent on the ball, is 6ft 3ins tall and still growing. Homegrown: Lloyd Jones (right) has impressed for Liverpool's Under 21 side this season .
highlights: Liverpool have conceded 49 goals in the Premier League this season . Brendan Rodgers will no doubt be looking for defenders this summer transfer window . Likes of Javi Martinez and Steven Caulker could cure defensive frailties .
id: 1e8eb3866c544881e77d5419fc01a7e5a053f1bf
chatgpt: Liverpool, the Premier League giants, have long struggled with their defense this season, conceding a staggering 49 goals in the league. This has undoubtedly been a cause of concern for coach Brendan Rodgers and his team, who will be looking to bolster their backline in the upcoming summer transfer window. Despite Liverpool's impressive attacking prowess that has seen them score 67 goals this season, their defensive frailties have cost them dearly during several games. With the club's lackluster performances, a number of players have been speculated to be on Rodgers' radar. One of the players rumored to be on the list is Javi Martinez. The Spanish international, who has played for Bayern Munich since 2012, is a versatile defender who can operate at center-back, defensive midfield or as a right-back. He is known for his physicality, ball-winning ability, and good passing range, characteristics that could significantly enhance Liverpool's defense. Signing Martinez, however, could prove difficult because of his contract situation at Bayern. The 31-year-old is currently in the final year of his contract, and the Bavarian major has shown little inclination to let go of one of their star defenders. Despite this, Liverpool would be an attractive proposition for Martinez, given the club's winning pedigree and the chance to play in the Premier League. Another player linked to Liverpool is former Tottenham Hotspur defender Steven Caulker. Caulker, who has had a somewhat checkered career so far, has impressed during his loan spell at Turkish club Alanyaspor. He has demonstrated great determination and resilience, bringing a physical presence to the team's backline. Should Liverpool's desperate search for a quality defender continue, then the 29-year-old could be a viable option. However, signing Caulker would be somewhat of a risk, given his lack of consistent performances in recent years. Liverpool will have to weigh the pros and cons of bringing him into the team. Liverpool's defense is indeed their Achilles heel, and with the transfer window fast approaching, they will undoubtedly be looking to lessen their defensive weaknesses. Rodriguez's need for defensive reinforcements is of utmost priority, and the likes of Martinez and Caulker could help secure the team's backline and boost their defense. Only time will tell if Liverpool will be able to sign any quality defenders, but the Anfield faithful will undoubtedly be keeping their fingers crossed for a successful summer transfer window.