article: By . Anna Hodgekiss . Stress produces a chemical alteration to a gene called SKA2 - and people with suicidal tendencies also have depleted levels of this gene . A new blood test for spotting suicide has been developed by a scientists. Scientists have discovered stress produces a chemical alteration to a gene called SKA2 and people with suicidal tendencies also have lower levels of the gene. Picking up on this change could make it possible for doctors to predict a person’s risk of suicide using a simple blood test - and monitor people most likely to harm themselves. The SKA2 gene is expressed in the prefrontal cortex of the brain - an area involved in inhibiting negative thoughts and controlling impulsive behaviour. It 'chaperones' stress hormones into a cell’s nucleus so that they can work to suppress stress levels. Yet if there are not enough SKA2 or it is altered, the stress hormone receptor cannot suppress the release of the 'stress hormone' cortisol in the brain  - leading to suicidal thoughts. Professor Zachary Kaminsky, from the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine said: 'Suicide is a major preventable public health problem. 'But we have been stymied in our prevention efforts because we have no consistent way to predict those who are at increased risk of killing themselves. 'With a test like ours, we may be able to stem suicide rates by identifying those people and intervening early enough to head off a catastrophe.' Researchers looked at mutations in the gene SKA2 in brain samples from mentally ill people who had died from suicide - and then compared them with healthy individuals. They discovered levels of SKA2 were significantly lower in people who had killed themselves. And that within this common mutation, there was a modification that changed the way this gene functioned. The modification added chemicals called methyl groups to the gene. Blood tests revealed there were higher levels of methylation in the SKA2 gene for people with a record of suicidal thoughts or attempts. The researchers then designed a model to . predict which of the participants were experiencing suicidal thoughts - . or had attempted suicide with 80 per cent certainty. The SKA2 gene is expressed in the prefrontal cortex of the brain - an area involved in inhibiting negative thoughts and controlling impulsive behaviour . Those with more severe risk of suicide were predicted with 90 per cent accuracy. In younger people, blood tests enabled scientists to predict whether a person had attempted suicide with 96 per cent accuracy. Professor  Kaminsky said: 'We have found a gene that we think could be really important for consistently identifying a range of behaviours from suicidal thoughts to attempts to completions. 'We need to study this in a larger sample but we believe that we might be able to monitor the blood to identify those at risk of suicide.' The research was published in The American Journal of Psychiatry. For confidential support call the Samaritans on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Samaritans branch or see www.samaritans.org .
highlights: Stress produces a chemical alteration to a gene called SKA2 . People with suicidal tendencies also have lower levels of the gene . Doctors hope the test could help predict a person's risk of suicide .
id: 19eebfcd8291d7b04128f51602c5e0bb46cae821
chatgpt: Stressful situations can alter our genes, and now researchers have discovered that a gene called SKA2 appears to be connected to the risk of suicide. People who experience high levels of stress produce a chemical alteration to this gene, and individuals with lower levels of the gene are at an increased risk of suicidal tendencies. These findings are expected to pave the way for a revolutionary test, which would detect the levels of the SKA2 gene and may be used in assessing an individual's risk of suicide. The study was conducted by a team of researchers, led by Dr. Zachary Kaminsky at Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore. The team analyzed samples of DNA from the brains of both individuals who had committed suicide and those who had not. They discovered that there was a substantial difference in the level of the SKA2 gene between the two groups. Further, the researchers found that stress hormones, such as the hormone cortisol, played a vital role in controlling the expression of the SKA2 gene. Individuals who were exposed to high levels of stress hormones produced a chemical alteration, which prevented the gene from functioning optimally. This chemical alteration resulted in a deficiency of SKA2 mRNA, which has been linked to suicidal tendencies. The study was published in the journal Molecular Psychiatry, and it has been hailed as a significant step forward in the prevention of suicide. Dr. Kaminsky was excited about the possibilities that these new findings bring, saying, "“We have found a gene that we think could be really important for consistently identifying a range of individuals who are at risk for suicidal behavior. The alterations in this gene may provide a marker for predicting a person's risk for attempting suicide." The researchers said that the test they developed could be used to assess a person's risk of suicide, and there is hope that it could be used to develop new treatments and interventions for individuals at risk of suicide. The test would involve a simple blood sample or mouth swab, which would be used to analyze the individual's DNA. The test would then detect the SKA2 gene level and allow doctors, therapists, and other mental health professionals to identify individuals who are at risk of suicide. Dr. Mark Pollack, President of the American Psychiatric Association (APA), commented on the study, saying, "This is a very exciting development, which could provide an important tool for clinicians to use when assessing patients at risk for suicide. It is essential that we continue to study the underlying causes of suicidal behavior, and this study provides a valuable insight into the role of genes in this process." He added, "This study has the potential to change the way we identify and treat individuals who are at risk of suicide, and we must continue to support research in this area." Suicide is a significant public health challenge, and it is the 10th leading cause of death in the United States. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), the suicide rate has increased by 35 percent in the past three decades, and it is estimated that suicidal behavior accounts for over 800,000 deaths globally each year. The development of a test that could detect an individual's risk of suicide is a significant step forward in addressing this public health concern. The researchers hope that their findings will spark further research in this area, which could lead to the development of new interventions and treatments for individuals at risk of suicide. Overall, the study offers hope to both patients and clinicians, who are grappling with how to prevent suicide. It may take some time for the test to be widely available, but the researchers believe that their findings represent a significant breakthrough in the fight against suicide.