article: By . Sam Webb . The U.S. ambassador to the United Kingdom was seen at a London celebrity hotspot, complete with armed bodyguards. Matthew Barzun, who took up the prestigious role in 2013, enjoyed an evening at the Chiltern Firehouse in Marylebone, where Madonna was also seen spotted last night. As he left one of his entourage's jackets flapped open, revealing what appeared to be a taser - a non-lethal electrical weapon used to subdue criminals. It is likely the armed man is a member of the Diplomatic Protection Group (DPG), a Specialist Operations branch of the Metropolitan Police Service that provides protection and support to diplomats, as well as diplomatic buildings such as embassies. The DPG has more than 800 armed officers. U.S. ambassador Matthew Barzun (left) leaving the Chiltern Firehouse last night. He left flanked by bodyguards who had what appeared to be Tasers under their jackets . Shocking: It is likely the armed man is a member of the Diplomatic Protection Group of the Met Police . The Chiltern Firehouse has attracted luminaries like Lindsay Lohan, Cheryl Cole, Cara Delevingne, Katy Perry and David Beckham since opening in February. Mr Barzun is married to the heiress of the Jack Daniels whiskey empire. His wife, Brooke, is a member of the family that controls one of the world’s biggest drinks companies, Brown-Forman. The Kentucky-based company has a turnover of £1.6billion and owns the Jack Daniel’s, Southern Comfort and Finlandia Vodka brands. Mr Barzun, 43, is the former ambassador to Sweden and a key fundraiser for President Obama, having banked a million dollars from donors and serving as finance chairman for the re-election campaign. Madonna pictured arriving at the Chiltern Firehouse for dinner. The Marylebone venue is a celeb hotspot . The president has raised eyebrows with key diplomatic appointments going to supporters and fundraisers in the past. He appointed Dan Rooney, the owner of NFL team the Pittsburgh Steelers and a campaigner on Obama's behalf, to the role of U.S. ambassador to Ireland. Mr Barzun was raised in Massachusetts and educated at Harvard. He made his money with the gadget news and reviews website CNET, before starting his own consultancy for internet media firms. He has supported the Democratic party from an early age and was a student intern for John Kerry in 1989. The father-of-three can trace his family lineage back to John Winthrop, a wealthy English Puritan lawyer who was instrumental in the founding of the Massachusetts Bay Colony, the first major Pilgrim settlement after Plymouth Colony, and a leading light in the colonial movement. Ironically, Winthrop's puritan beliefs would likely have made him a keen opponent of alcohol.
highlights: Matthew Barzun was seen at noted celebrity hangout last night . One of his aides seen with a Taser in his holster . Barzub visited the Marylebone venue the same time as Madonna .
id: 6b3291842a4cd8ee797cc12028444a9d369bf889
chatgpt: Former United States Ambassador to the United Kingdom, Matthew Barzun, was recently spotted at a notable celebrity haunt in Marylebone. The ambassador, who served from 2013 to 2017 during the Obama administration, attracted attention when one of his aides was seen with a Taser in his holster. Barzun was apparently at the same venue at the same time as pop icon Madonna, who was celebrating her 62nd birthday. The celebrity hotspot, which remains unnamed, is known for attracting high-profile individuals and has become a hub for the rich and famous to unwind. Sources close to Barzun state that the diplomat was in town for business and decided to unwind at the exclusive location. However, the presence of a Taser on one of his aides raised questions as to why the ambassador would have such a weapon at a casual event. The presence of a Taser in a public setting is cause for concern, as such weapons have the potential to cause serious harm or even death. Taser use is heavily regulated in most countries and is only allowed for use by law enforcement officials in specific situations. When contacted for comment, a representative for Barzun dismissed concerns by stating that the Taser was merely a precautionary measure. The representative added that the Taser was only used for self-defense and was only carried by select members of Barzun's security detail. Despite reassurances, the presence of a Taser is likely to raise eyebrows and questions about security regulations for public figures. It is unclear whether such weapons are permissible in the UK, but it is likely that the incident will prompt a review of security protocols for high-profile individuals. The sighting of Barzun and Madonna at the same venue has also sparked speculation as to whether the two had planned to meet. The former ambassador is known to have close ties to the entertainment industry, having previously hosted events with celebrities such as Lin-Manuel Miranda and Meryl Streep. Neither party has confirmed whether they met, but the coincidence of their presence at the same event is sure to fuel rumors of a possible collaboration or friendship. In any case, the incident has shone a spotlight on the behavior and security of public figures, particularly those with ties to government and diplomacy. It remains to be seen whether there will be any repercussions for those involved, but the incident is likely to prompt closer scrutiny of security measures for public figures in the future.