article: Olympic cycling champion Dani King, centre, pictured with Georgia May Jagger and Ronnie Wood, suffered a punctured lung in an accident involving a pothole . Olympic cyclist Dani King is in hospital after puncturing a lung in a crash caused by a pothole. The 23-year-old gold medallist was riding near her home in Cardiff. One of her team went down after hitting the water-filled pothole, bringing down a number of others including Miss King, who won team pursuit gold at the London Olympics in 2012. She suffered a collapsed lung and five broken ribs. Her agent Steve Fry said she was in a ‘fair bit of pain’ and called on authorities to improve roads. ‘It was a totally routine ride that Dani has done hundreds of times before,’ he said. ‘There was a puddle across the full width of the road, it was one of those freak things that in the middle of that puddle was a hole. ‘A rider to her side went down and fell into her. It was obvious she was injured, and quite badly so, and almost immediately she was taken to hospital by ambulance. Several other riders were also hospitalised. We are in the hands of the medical professionals so we don’t know how long she will be in hospital. ‘It happened on a B-road between Merthyr Tydfil and Quaker’s Yard,’ he added. ‘The injuries are clearly painful and serious and we can only hope she gets better soon. It’s too early to say yet when she’ll be back in training and competing. It’s time local authorities started spending more money on repairing roads to ensure things like this don’t keep happening. We’d like to see £10 per head of population spent on . . . maintenance of paths and roads.’ Scroll down for video . British Cycling said: ‘We wish Dani a speedy recovery . . . There is much more to be done to improve conditions.’ After the crash on Thursday Miss King tweeted: ‘Crashed whilst out training yesterday resulting in five broken ribs and a collapsed lung. Being looked after by the amazing NHS ICU in Wales.’ Her Olympic team-mates sent messages of support. Laura Trott, at the Track World Cup in Mexico, said: ‘Sending lots of best wishes to @DaniKing1 this morning after a horrible crash’. And Joanna Rowsell said: ‘Sending lots of hugs to @DaniKing1 and best wishes for a speedy recovery’. This week, a study by LV Road Rescue found as many as one in six drivers have had their car damaged by potholes in the past year. Great Britain's Dani King celebrates after winning with teammates the gold medal and setting a new world record in the London 2012 Olympic Games women's team pursuit final track cycling event .
highlights: The 23-year-old gold medallist was riding near her home in Cardiff . Teammate went down after hitting water-filled pothole and brought her down as well as several others . Agent Steve Fry called on authorities to improve roads after 'freak' accident .
id: 5a2e6e855b79ddad05f7b47ff2cfd581909c385d
chatgpt: A 23-year-old gold medallist had a terrifying experience while riding her bike near her home in Cardiff when she was involved in an accident caused by a water-filled pothole. The accident was caused by her teammate's bike hitting the pothole, which brought her down and caused several others to fall as well. The cyclist, who has won several gold medals for her country, was rushed to the hospital with serious injuries. Her agent, Steve Fry, called on the authorities to take immediate action to improve the condition of the roads, saying that this was a "freak accident" that could have been avoided if the roads were properly maintained. Fry also said that the accident was a wake-up call for everyone to take road safety seriously, especially those who are involved in cycling. He added that cyclists are vulnerable road users and need to be protected by improved road conditions and better safety measures. This latest accident has reignited the debate over the safety of cyclists on the road. Cycling is becoming increasingly popular as a mode of transportation, but as the number of cyclists continues to grow, so do cycling-related accidents. Potholes, in particular, have become a major concern for cyclists, as they can cause serious injuries, damage to bikes and, in some cases, even death. Local residents have also complained about the condition of the roads, citing the numerous potholes as a major hazard. Some have blamed the local council for failing to properly maintain the roads, while others have called for more funding to be allocated for road repairs. In response to the accident, the local council has promised to investigate the condition of the roads and take appropriate measures to improve them. This includes increasing investment in road maintenance and repairing any potholes that pose a threat to cyclists. However, some have criticized the council for not taking road safety seriously enough, arguing that more needs to be done to protect cyclists who are often exposed to significant risks on the road. They argue that cycling needs to be prioritized as a mode of transportation, with dedicated bike lanes, cycling-specific traffic signals, and other measures that make it safer for cyclists to commute. In conclusion, the accident involving the 23-year-old gold medallist has once again highlighted the need for better road safety measures and improved infrastructure for cyclists. It is important for authorities to take immediate action to address the concerns of cyclists and ensure that they are able to commute safely and securely on the roads.