article: (CNN) -- There won't just be a new winner next season on "American Idol." Most everything about the show may be new. Weeks after Randy Jackson announced his departure from Fox's long-running music talent show, two of his fellow judges -- Mariah Carey and Nicki Minaj -- followed him out the door Thursday. That leaves only one "Idol" judge left in crooner Keith Urban -- for now. News of Carey's departure came out first Thursday, in the form of a tweet posted on her official account that stated she was saying "goodbye 2 idol" (and, simultaneously, announced a new world tour). Players behind "American Idol" -- namely Fox, FremantleMedia and 19 Entertainment -- confirmed her departure in a statement. "Mariah Carey is a true global icon -- one of the most accomplished artists on the planet -- and we feel extremely fortunate that she was able to bring her wisdom and experience to the 'American Idol' contestants this season," they said. "We know she will remain an inspiration to 'Idol' hopefuls for many seasons to come." Minaj followed up a short time later with a tweet of her own, making her exit official, also after a lone season. "Thank you American Idol for a life changing experience! Wouldn't trade it for the world!" the rapper wrote. "Time to focus on the Music!!! Mmmuuuaahhh!!!" After this tweet, Fox, FreemantleMedia and 19 Entertainment issued another statement saying they "understand and respect her decision" in light of "her extremely busy career." "Nicki Minaj is a superstar who brought a level of honesty and passion to 'American Idol' and who had a tremendous positive impact on so many contestants this season," they said. The two performers had been brought on following the exits of judges Jennifer Lopez and Steven Tyler, hoping to bolster the show's ratings. "Idol" had topped the Nielsen charts as America's most watched program for eight years running. But that streak ended in 2012, and since then the show's producers have made several changes. This season's finale was earlier this month. Carey and Minaj, though, ended up generating headlines more for their reported tiff than they did for bringing in more viewers. Both of them join Jackson, who had been the only judge remaining from the program's 2002 debut. Earlier this month, he announced he had voted himself off the show. "It's been a life-changing opportunity, but I am looking forward to focusing on my company, Dream Merchant 21, and other business ventures," the musician and producer said.
highlights: NEW: Minaj "is a superstar who brought ... honesty and passion," show's producers say . Minaj and Mariah Carey both announce their exits from "American Idol" after 1 season . The two performers had clashed and weren't able to bolster the program's ratings . Randy Jackson announced he was leaving "American Idol" earlier this month .
id: 0eee01a92a2bc312378154ba11f43955d734c0eb
chatgpt: After just one season on the judges' panel, Nicki Minaj and Mariah Carey have both announced they will not be returning to "American Idol." Their departure marks another shake-up for the popular reality competition show, which has struggled to maintain high ratings in recent years. "Nicki Minaj is a superstar who brought a level of honesty and passion to 'American Idol' that we've never seen before," said the show's producers in a statement. "Despite her brief time with us, she made a big impact and we wish her all the best in her future endeavors." Mariah Carey also released a statement about her exit, saying, "I am grateful for the experience and the memories, but I am excited to move on to the next chapter of my career." The two divas famously clashed during their time on the show, with their disagreements often playing out on live television. The tension between them was a hot topic for viewers and media outlets alike, but unfortunately, it wasn't enough to boost the show's faltering ratings. "American Idol" has faced increasing competition from other singing competitions in recent years, such as "The Voice" and "X Factor." The show has also struggled to produce new stars in the music industry, which was one of its main selling points in its early years. Randy Jackson, who has been with the show since its inception in 2002, announced earlier this month that he would also be leaving the judges' panel. His departure is perhaps a signal of bigger changes to come for the show. Despite its troubles, "American Idol" remains a cultural institution that has launched the careers of many successful musicians, including Kelly Clarkson and Carrie Underwood. The show has also had an impact on popular culture, introducing new musical genres and shaping the way people consume music. As for the future of "American Idol," there is no word yet on who will replace Minaj and Carey as judges. However, producers have said they are committed to keeping the show on the air and will be looking for new talent to help revitalize the franchise. Fans of the show will have to wait and see what changes are in store for "American Idol," but one thing is certain: the departure of Minaj and Carey marks the end of an era for the show.