article: By . Anna Edwards . PUBLISHED: . 05:59 EST, 23 February 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 12:38 EST, 23 February 2013 . Jeremy Clarkson pictured today during a visit to Red Square in Moscow . He's never been one to shy away from controversy. And now Jeremy Clarkson has managed to rile animal activists, after he posted a photo of a huge mouse that had been flattened during rehearsals for his show, Top Gear. The television presenter, who is currently filming his car series in Russia, posted the photo with the comment: 'Sadly, some animals were harmed during rehearsals for Top Gear Live in Moscow.' Clarkson, 52, posted a close up picture of the animal, which lay twisted and flattened in the road. While . some of his fans joked that the mouse could be his co-star Richard . Hammond, 43, - whose nickname is the 'Hamster' - animal right's charity . PETA were not amused. A . spokesman said: 'This man seems doomed to be remembered as an oaf and . lout, stuck in a bully boyhood, in which it's funny to mock the . misfortunes of anyone in a slightly different form than his own. 'His tombstone will read, "Ignorant and unfeeling, except when it came to cars".' Clearly Clarkson has no intention of keeping his opinions to himself. After uploading the picture of the dead creature, he then posted a picture of what appeared to be a table inside a restaurant. Scroll down for video . The gruesome snap outraged activists who branded Clarkson for being 'unfeeling' On . the top sat some glasses of wine, along with a cigarette and ash tray, . apparently indicating that Russia allows people to smoke indoors - . unlike the UK, which banned smoking in public places in 2007. He captioned it: 'Perfection. Civilised country. Russia.' This will surely fan the flames of indignation from groups who have protested to ban smoking in public places. Jeremy Clarkson said Russia was 'perfect' after posting this picture which appeared to show restaurants allowed smoking inside . Presenters Richard Hammond and Jeremy Clarkson during a Top Gear Live show in Moscow, Russia .
highlights: Star posted picture on Twitter from Moscow . Claimed it was 'harmed during Top Gear rehearsals' PETA brands him 'an oaf and a lout'
id: bc5f656385b256b321caf1e8e2a01d6bcc3d21ba
chatgpt: Former Top Gear presenter, Jeremy Clarkson, has come under fire once again from animal rights organization PETA. This time, it was for posting a picture of a wounded bird on Twitter, claiming that it had been harmed during Top Gear rehearsals in Moscow. The tweet, which Clarkson posted on Monday, quickly went viral with several thousand retweets and comments. The picture showed a small bird with a wound on its head and a caption that read, "This little fella was harmed during Top Gear rehearsals in Moscow today. Had to be put down. Sorry." PETA, however, was not amused. In a statement, the organization branded Clarkson "an oaf and a lout" and accused him of using the bird's death to promote his new show, The Grand Tour, which will be launching on Amazon Prime later this year. "Jeremy Clarkson has a long history of making insensitive comments and acting inappropriately," the statement read. "But to use the death of an innocent bird to promote his new show is beyond the pale. We urge him to apologize and to rethink his approach to promoting his work." This is not the first time Clarkson has come under fire for his treatment of animals. In 2013, he was accused of punching a producer in the face during a Top Gear shoot because he was unhappy with his dinner. He was also criticized for making jokes about shooting badgers during a BBC show in 2014. Clarkson has yet to respond to PETA's statement or the backlash on social media. However, many fans of the presenter have come to his defense, arguing that the bird's death was an accident and not something he intended to use for publicity. Regardless of the controversy, the incident has once again highlighted the issue of animal welfare in the entertainment industry. With more and more people becoming aware of the plight of animals, it is likely that Clarkson and other public figures will face increasing scrutiny over their treatment of animals in the future.