article: By . Travelmail Reporter . David Beckham’s plans to build a football stadium in Miami have been opposed by cruise company Royal Caribbean. The football star wants to build a stadium for his new Major League Soccer (MLS) franchise in the U.S. city and his preferred site is near PortMiami, one of the world’s busiest harbours. But the proposed 12-acre site is close to Royal Caribbean's headquarters. David Beckham at an event in Miami in February - the star plans to build a stadium for his MLS franchise . In a blog on its website, Royal Caribbean said it had ‘deep reservations’ to the plans and revealed that it had tabled an objection. The company said it was concerned about traffic but it also has its own plans to develop the site that Beckham and his investors have pinpointed. The cruise company’s headquarters overlaps with the blueprint for the proposed stadium on the waterfront. Grand designs: A Royal Caribbean cruise ship docked near Miami, where the company has its headquarters . Royal Caribbean said its existing car . park, daycare centre and employee gym would have to move to make way . for a stadium that could contain between 25,000 and 40,000 seats. But the blog said the port’s southwest corner was too shallow to accommodate cruise or cargo ships. Royal Caribbean vice president and . chief communications officer Rob Zeiger said: ‘We have deep reservations . about using this port as a location for a stadium.’ New venture: Beckham takes part in a game of footvolley on Sao Conrado beach in Rio de Janeiro last week . Meanwhile, the Miami Herald reported that the port’s director, Bill Johnson, had pitched the site in Asia, revealing possible plans for a 36-acre commercial complex with hotels, apartments and offices to business leaders. Mr Johnson told the Miami Herald: ‘What we were doing was to literally start to garner interest globally. ‘We were upfront. We said there was a recent interest expressed by David Beckham about a soccer stadium, and that would be addressed in the next six months.’ Prime real estate: PortMiami is one of the world's busiest ports . The former England captain has big plans for his MLS franchise and is looking into other potential sites for the planned stadium. The 38-year-old said he wanted to recruit some of ‘the best players’ and plans to build a world-class stadium to host his franchise. He called his latest venture ‘a dream’ and said: ‘We're planning to bring a team that will be a global team. I . want to create a team that we can start from scratch and I am going to . work hard for this city to make this team very successful. It is an . exciting time.' The final planning decision rests with Miami-Dade County Mayor Carlos Gimenez and 12 commissioners.
highlights: The football star plans to build a 25,000 and 40,000-seat stadium . He called his Major League Soccer franchise venture ‘a dream’ His preferred site is near PortMiami, one of world’s busiest ports . Royal Caribbean's headquarters overlaps with waterfront site .
id: 79e15c38894b792150a31e09ec22682e5d96f87e
chatgpt: Football legend David Beckham has revealed plans to build a 25,000 to 40,000-seat stadium near one of the world's busiest ports. The former England captain has long had a dream of starting his own Major League Soccer (MLS) franchise, and with the help of some high-profile investors, he is edging ever-closer to making this dream a reality. Beckham has reportedly set his sights on a location near PortMiami, the bustling seaport that serves as the gateway to the Americas. The preferred site is also in close proximity to the headquarters of Royal Caribbean, one of the world's largest cruise companies. Beckham says he is excited about the prospect of bring an eye-catching stadium to the area, one that will serve as a beacon of hope for soccer fans in the region. "This has always been my dream, to come to Miami and start a football club," said Beckham during a press conference. "We're talking about a stadium that's going to be very special and very unique. It's going to be where people come to watch some of the best football in the world." Beckham's venture has already generated considerable buzz in the local community, with some fans eager to know if the stadium will be capable of hosting other sporting events and concerts. While the exact details of the project are still being worked out, Beckham and his team have confirmed that the new stadium will feature state-of-the-art amenities, including comfortable seating, high-quality sound systems, and cutting-edge security technology. "We're very excited about the possibilities that this project represents for the city of Miami," said Beckham. "We believe that our new stadium will not only help to put Miami on the map as a soccer city, but it will also provide countless opportunities for the people of the region to come together and enjoy all kinds of events." Supporters of the project point out that the proposed site near PortMiami is well-suited for a sports stadium, given the ample parking and transportation options in the area. Miami-Dade County Mayor Carlos Gimenez has expressed his support for the venture, saying that it has the potential to be a major boon for the local economy. "Mr. Beckham and his partners have a great vision for what they want to accomplish in this region," said Gimenez. "As we work together to bring this project to fruition, we're confident that it will spark new opportunities for growth and development in Miami." While there is still much work to be done in terms of finalizing the stadium plans and securing the necessary approvals, Beckham and his team see this as an exciting time for the MLS and for soccer fans in general. With more and more Americans beginning to discover the joy of watching and playing soccer, Beckham's new venture has the potential to play a key role in the future of the popular sport. "This is a dream come true for me, and I can't wait to see it come to fruition," added Beckham. "We're going to build something truly spectacular here, and we can't wait to share it with everyone."