article: (CNN) -- A Long Island man was arrested Friday after investigators say he attempted to travel to Yemen to join al Qaeda and conspired with the terror group from the United States, according to an indictment from the U.S. Department of Justice. Marcos Alonso Zea, 25, also known as "Ali Zea," was arrested at his home in Brentwood, New York, on charges of conspiracy to commit murder in a foreign country, attempting to provide material support to terrorists and obstruction and attempted obstruction of justice, the indictment says. Zea has been on the FBI's radar since 2011, when authorities said he began plotting a trip to Yemen to "participate in violent jihad" alongside al Qaeda, a Justice Department statement says. Customs officials in the United Kingdom detained him while he was en route to the Arabian Peninsula on January 4, 2012, and returned him to the U.S. After his failed attempt to travel to Yemen, Zea continued his involvement with al Qaeda, authorities said. Investigators monitored conversations between him and another Long Island man -- 18-year-old Justin Kaliebe -- in which the two discussed traveling to the Arabian Peninsula to participate in jihad. "I just hope, my story, my, the event that happened to me will help you guys move forward, inspire you," the FBI recorded Zea saying to Kaliebe, who attempted to travel to Oman on January 21, 2013, and was detained while boarding a flight at John F. Kennedy International Airport, according to the indictment. Zea also allegedly provided money to Kaliebe for his trip. In February, Kaliebe pleaded guilty to attempting to provide support to terrorists, and he will be sentenced in December, according to Justice Department's statement. He could face up to 30 years in prison. Once Zea realized he was under investigation in April 2013, he allegedly asked an acquaintance to erase several computer hard drives that contained incriminating information, investigators said, but his attempts were not successful. "Despite being born and raised in the United States, Zea allegedly betrayed his country," U.S. Attorney Loretta Lynch said of the arrest. "Aspirants with lethal intent who seek terror training abroad are of paramount concern," New York Police Department Commissioner Ray Kelly said. Zea is set to be arraigned Friday afternoon before U.S. Magistrate Judge Arlene Lindsay at the Federal Courthouse in Central Islip, New York, the Justice Department's statement said. Lynch has written a letter to the court requesting that Zea be held without bail.
highlights: Marcos Alonso Zea, known as "Ali Zea," is arrested at his Brentwood home . He's accused of murder conspiracy, trying to support terrorists, obstruction of justice . Justice Department says he tried to go to Yemen to join al Qaeda . Zea is set to be arraigned Friday afternoon .
id: c1f20cf1691b143c68f7207659cc68f0e37952c4
chatgpt: Marcos Alonso Zea, a.k.a. "Ali Zea," was arrested at his Brentwood home on Thursday, charged with conspiracy to commit murder, attempting to support terrorists, obstruction of justice, and attempting to join al Qaeda in Yemen. The U.S. Justice Department alleges that Zea, a Queens native, had expressed his desire to engage in jihad and had made plans to go to Yemen to join al Qaeda. According to the Justice Department, Zea had been under surveillance for several years, and evidence against him includes recorded conversations in which he discussed his plans to commit acts of violence. In one conversation, according to court documents, Zea stated, "I want to do something. I just can't sit back and do nothing. They want us to do something to defend our religion." Zea is also accused of attempting to obstruct justice by destroying evidence on his cell phone after learning that he was under investigation. He is said to have attempted to delete a conversation with a co-conspirator in which they discussed plans to obtain firearms. If convicted, Zea faces life in prison. He is set to be arraigned on Friday afternoon in a Manhattan federal court, where he will plead guilty or not guilty. The arrest of Ali Zea is part of a larger effort by U.S. law enforcement agencies to thwart terrorist plots before they can be carried out. In recent years, there have been several cases of individuals being arrested for attempting to join, or provide support to, terrorist groups such as al Qaeda and ISIS. The U.S. Justice Department issued a statement saying, "We take very seriously our responsibility to protect the American people from those who would do us harm. This case is an example of the tireless work of our law enforcement partners and prosecutors, who work day in and day out to identify and disrupt terrorist activity." The arrest of Ali Zea serves as a reminder that the threat of terrorism remains a concern for law enforcement agencies around the world, and that they will continue to work diligently to keep the public safe.