article: An amateur photographer has captured an eerie photo from the shore of Loch Ness which could encourage those who believe in tales of a monster living beneath the surface of the lake. The image was taken by David Elder at Fort Augustus, at the south-west end of the 23-mile-long body of water in northern Scotland. It shows a long bow wave apparently caused by some sort of disturbance on the surface of the loch. Scroll down for video . Mystery: This bizarre picture of an unexplained phenomenon was taken from the shore of Loch Ness . The 50-year-old photography enthusiast insists the only thing that could have caused it is 'a solid black object under the water'. Mr Elder, from East Kilbride in Lanarkshire, was able to take still photos as well as filming a video of the mysterious scene. 'We were at the pier head at Fort Augustus and I was taking a picture of a swan at the time,' he said. 'Out of the corner of my right eye I caught site of a black area of water about 15ft long which developed into a kind of bow wave. 'I'm convinced this was caused by a solid black object under the water. The water was very still at the time and there were no ripples coming off the wave and no other activity on the water. 'Water was definitely going over something solid and making the wave. It looks like the sort of wave perhaps created by a windsurfing board but there was nobody on the loch at the time, no boats, nothing. 'The disturbance in the water began moving up the Loch sideways. It is something I just can't explain.' The extraordinary picture will doubtless fuel the imaginations of anyone who believes the story that there is a sea creature living in the lake, which is Britain's largest due to its 230m depth. However, sceptics will ascribe the wave to a freak gust of wind or other natural phenomenon. Iconic: This is the 'surgeon's photograph' taken in 1934 which purports to show the Loch Ness Monster . The story of the Loch Ness Monster goes back as far as the medieval period, but it first came to widespread public attention in 1933. That year a couple named the Spicers claimed to have seen a creature with a large body and long neck jumped in to the loch, causing a national sensation. The next year, the iconic 'surgeon's photograph' was published, purporting to show the creature swimming in Loch Ness with its head out of the water. Although that image has been debunked as a hoax, the search for Nessie has continued, with true believers undeterred by the failure of repeated attempts by scientists to find the creature.
highlights: David Elder, 50, takes mysterious picture while photographing a swan . Insists the image must show 'a solid black object under the water' New photo will fuel theories about the existence of the Loch Ness Monster .
id: d1b175dc4f881767e2bb8d252b9ac0fd56c21053
chatgpt: In what might turn out to be a historic discovery, David Elder, a 50-year-old man from Scotland, claims to have captured a mysterious photo while photographing a swan in the water. Elder insists that the image he captured shows a "solid black object" under the water, a sighting that is likely to fuel theories about the existence of the legendary Loch Ness monster. Elder, who is an experienced photographer, captured an image in the water at the famous Loch Ness in northern Scotland, where lore has it that a monster lurks beneath the water's surface. He had been trying to capture some shots of the migratory swans that visit the loch when he noticed something strange in his camera's viewfinder. According to Elder, the object in the photo is not something physical that one could easily see with the naked eye. It is a strange, dark shape that moved slowly in the water. Elder was astonished by the sighting and immediately contacted the local press, hoping to get some attention for his mysterious image. The photo has been shared widely on social media, with many people speculating that the object in the image could be the elusive and infamous Loch Ness monster. However, experts say that the object could also be an optical illusion caused by the reflection of the swan's wings under the water. Despite the speculation, Elder insists that the object he saw and photographed was very real. He knows that there have been many sightings and photos of "Nessie" over the years, but he says that his photo is different because it shows a definitive shape under the water, one that he has not seen before. The news of Elder's discovery has stirred up excitement and interest in the Loch Ness monster, which has long been a pop-culture phenomenon. The tiny village of Drumnadrochit, located on the shores of the loch in the Scottish Highlands, attracts thousands of visitors every year who come to take part in the ongoing hunt for the monster. Every year, dozens of people claim they have seen the creature, but the scientific community has always been skeptical. Most experts believe that the sightings could be explained by natural phenomena or are simply hoaxes. But sightings like Elder's add fuel to the belief that there might be something strange hidden beneath the surface of Loch Ness. Whether the object in Elder's photo is the actual Loch Ness monster or not, there is little doubt that his discovery has reignited the debate about the creature's existence. And for Elder, the photo is a remarkable souvenir from a very special day on the banks of the famous Loch Ness.