article: An advocacy group has released images which claim to show an NYPD officer putting a seven-months pregnant woman into a chokehold for illegally grilling on the sidewalk in front of her apartment. NYPD officers have been banned from using the chokehold since 1993, but an officer can be seen in the pictures wrapping his arm around 27-year-old Rosan Miller's neck in the Saturday incident. Her young daughter is also in the pictures, watching the arrest unfold. The NYPD told MailOnline that it is currently investigating the incident. Shocking: An East New York advocacy group released images this week which they say show a seven-months pregnant woman being put into a chokehold by a police officer . Offense: Rosan Miller, 27,was allegedly arrested for illegally grilling outside her apartment . Under investigation: NYPD officers have been banned from using the chokehold since 1993. The department says it is investigating the incident . Miller's husband Moses, 34, and brother John Miller were also arrested in the incident. Moses Miller was allegedly charged with resisting arrest and obstruction while John Miller was charged with harassment and obstruction of justice. Rosan was given a summons for disorderly conduct. When former city councilman Charles Barron heard about the incident, he called the police department to complain and expedite the Miller family's release. 'This was all over a grill,' Barron told the New York Daily News. 'This is about grilling in front of her house.' Rosan Miller was given a summons to appear in court. Her young daughter was watching while he was arrested. The Brooklyn woman pictured above in Facebook photos . The lieutenant involved in the incident allegedly responded to a domestic call from a different resident at 594 Bradford St on Thursday and was in the neighborhood to follow up on Saturday when he witnessed the illegal grilling. Calls to Mrs Miller's apartment were not returned Monday afternoon.
highlights: The incident happened Saturday afternoon, when Brooklyn resident Rosan Miller was caught illegally grilling outside her apartment . The arrest allegedly turned violent with an officer pictured wrapping his arm around pregnant Mrs Miller's neck in a chokehold . The NYPD told MailOnline that they are investigating the incident .
id: 52ad93e06ffe9269c6dbe23333c89d4200fdc37d
chatgpt: Brooklyn resident, Rosan Miller, found herself arrested and in the middle of a violent altercation with police officers on Saturday afternoon. The incident began when Miller was spotted grilling illegally outside of her apartment. Police arrived on the scene to find Miller uncooperative and refusing to comply with their orders to stop. According to witnesses, the incident quickly turned violent. One officer was pictured with his arm wrapped around Miller's neck in a chokehold, despite her being visibly pregnant. The NYPD is now investigating the actions of the officers involved in the incident. The use of force by police officers has been a contentious issue, particularly in recent years. The incident involving Miller is just the latest in a string of incidents where police officers have been accused of using excessive force, particularly against individuals from minority communities. Miller, a resident of East New York, was reportedly grilling outside of her apartment building as part of a family celebration. The incident has sparked outrage and concern from members of the community, who are demanding a full investigation into the actions of the police officers involved. The NYPD has stated that they are taking the matter seriously and are conducting an internal investigation into what occurred. However, the incident has already raised serious questions about the use of police force and the need for greater accountability and oversight. In a statement to MailOnline, a spokesperson for the NYPD stated, "We take all allegations of excessive force seriously and will conduct a thorough investigation into the incident. Our officers are trained to use force only when necessary and in accordance with departmental policy." As the investigation continues, many are left wondering whether incidents like this will ever end and whether there will ever be a solution to the ongoing issue of police brutality. For now, the community is left to wait and demand answers.