article: (CNN) -- With three police officers dead and two others wounded, Justin Bourque had finally admitted "I'm done" and given up. Two months later, he made it official. The 24-year-old Canadian man pleaded guilty Friday to three counts of first-degree murder and two counts of attempted murder, his lawyer David Lutz said. He is set to be sentenced October 27. Bourque's submission stands in contrast to the brazen relentlessness he showed in June, when he embarked on a grisly rampage through Moncton, New Brunswick, some 150 kilometers (93 miles) northeast of Saint John. The carnage prompted people to shutter themselves in their houses and barricades to spring up around Moncton, a city of 140,000 people that had no homicides at all in 2011 and 2012. It ended early June 7, when Bourque was arrested after yelling through a window, a nearby resident told CNN partner CBC. "They (police) were screaming for about five minutes and they had their guns loaded," the resident, Michelle Thibodeau, told CBC. "And eventually Justin came out with his hands up and he yelled, 'I'm done.' And they collected him and brought him to my front yard, where he lay sprawled out. " The slain Royal Canadian Mounted Police officers were Constables David Ross, 32, Fabrice Georges Gevaudan, 45, and Douglas James Larche, 40. Why did Bourque do it? A Facebook page that purportedly belongs to him has many posts with pro-gun photos and a few anti-police memes. There is also a photo where two men pose with shotguns in the snow. It was posted on February 25, six days after the Facebook page was created, and is used as the profile picture. According to CBC, the judge at Borque's hearing Friday told the defendant he could be facing consecutive life sentences with no chance of parole for 75 years for the three first-degree murder charges. Georgia courthouse shooter had bombs, assault rifle . 3 shot at Seattle Pacific University .
highlights: Justin Bourque pleads guilty to 3 counts of first-degree murder, his lawyer says . He set off on a rampage in early June through a city in New Brunswick . Three Royal Canadian Mountain Police officers were killed, two others wounded . The 24-year-old Bourque is set to be sentenced on October 27 .
id: e36d418b3ad0c8b246d8f58beb2ccacb408f418a
chatgpt: Justin Bourque, the perpetrator of the deadliest mass shooting in Canadian history, has pleaded guilty to three counts of first-degree murder. His lawyer made the announcement on Friday, stating that Bourque intends to accept responsibility for his actions. The incident occurred in early June, when Bourque set off on a shooting spree through the city of Moncton in New Brunswick. Three Royal Canadian Mountain Police officers lost their lives, while two others sustained injuries. The 24-year-old Bourque has been in custody since the incident, and his trial had been set to begin on September 12. However, his decision to plead guilty means that the trial has been cancelled, and he will face sentencing on October 27. This latest development brings some closure to the families of the victims, who have been waiting for justice for the past three months. The tragedy shocked the nation and sparked widespread outrage, with many calling for stricter gun control laws in Canada. The shooting prompted a massive manhunt, with police locking down sections of the city and advising residents to stay indoors. Bourque was eventually apprehended after a 28-hour-long search, during which time he was spotted by a member of the public who called the police. Bourque's guilty plea means that he has waived his right to a trial by a jury. Instead, his sentence will be determined by a judge, who will consider a range of factors in determining an appropriate punishment. The Crown has already indicated that it will be seeking consecutive life sentences for each of the three counts of first-degree murder. However, the defense may argue for a lesser sentence, given that Bourque has accepted responsibility for his actions. Regardless of the outcome, the impact of this tragedy will be felt for years to come, both by the families of the victims and by the wider community in Canada.