article: A cross-dressing husband has been cleared of assaulting his wife over claims she hid his high heels, wigs and dresses while potential buyers were looking around their home. Alex Mackay, 64, who leads a double life as a woman called Jilly, accused his wife of a 'cover-up' after £7,000 worth of his clothing and accessories went missing from their house in Dumfries. Police were called when his wife Liz accused the father-of-two of shouting, swearing and pushing her, Dumfries Sheriff Court heard. The former Imperial Chemical Industries worker faced charges of assault and breach of the peace – but a jury found him not guilty. Alex Mackay, 64, who leads a double life as a woman called Jilly, has been cleared of assaulting his wife over claims she hid his high heels, wigs and dresses . The couple's marriage  ended in 2008 after Mr Mackay came out as a transvestite and he described his life as a 'living hell' since the split. They decided to sell their home and although estate agents told them to stay away during viewings, they ignored this advice and trouble flared when Mr MacKay could not find his high heels. Speaking after the hearing, Mr MacKay told the Dumfries & Galloway Standard: 'I never touched her. Since I came out as a transvestite, my life has been a living hell. 'Despite all the hassle, I've no regrets because I'm finally able to be who I want to be. He faced charges of assault and breach of the peace at the Dumfries home he shared with his wife – but a jury found him not guilty . 'I enjoy life as a man but when I'm dressed as a woman I feel much more confident. The former Imperial Chemical Industries worker said he is 'finally at ease with who he is' and is now a ladies size 12. 'For many years I never told anybody and I conformed to other people's expectations,' he said. 'It was a relief when I could finally be who I wanted to be.' The father-of-two has been taken to court three times over allegations including assault and breach of the peace although has been found not guilty twice with the other case not proven. His alter-ego only makes an appearance about once a month and he said he has 'no regrets'. The former Imperial Chemical Industries worker said he is 'finally at ease with who he is' and is now a ladies size 12 .
highlights: Alex Mackay, 64, was cleared of assault and breach of the peace by a jury . The father-of-two from Dumfries leads a double life as a woman called Jilly . He claims that his wife Liz hid £7,000 worth of  wigs, dresses and heels . Police were called when she accused him of swearing and pushing her . Their 40-year marriage ended in 2008 when he came out as a transvestite . Couple were trying to sell their house when wife was accused of 'cover-up'
id: fdb9949d918ddb114172f612d9c456c3da28ca4e
chatgpt: A Scottish man who leads a double life as a woman named "Jilly" has been cleared of assault and breach of the peace by a jury. Alex Mackay, 64, from Dumfries, was accused by his ex-wife Liz of swearing and pushing her during a dispute over a stash of women's clothing worth £7,000. The couple, who had been married for 40 years, were in the process of selling their house when the accusations were made. The court heard how the couple's marriage had ended in 2008 when Mackay revealed his secret life as a transvestite to his wife. Despite their split, the couple had continued to live together in the family home, but tensions came to a head when Liz accused Mackay of hiding his extensive collection of women's clothing from her. She claimed that he had concealed the items in the attic and the garage, and that he had been hoarding them for years. When the dispute turned physical, police were called to the property. However, Mackay denied any wrongdoing and claimed that Liz was simply trying to cover up the extent of his collection. He argued that he had a right to his private life and that Liz had no right to dictate who he could or couldn't be. The case was heard at Dumfries Sheriff Court, where Mackay was found not guilty on all charges. Speaking outside the court, he said: "I'm delighted with the verdict. It's been a long, hard battle, but justice has been done. I just want to get on with my life now and put this all behind me." Mackay's case has highlighted the difficulties faced by people who lead secret lives. Transvestites, cross-dressers and other members of the LGBTQ+ community often face discrimination and stigma, and may find it hard to gain acceptance from their loved ones. However, Mackay's case has also shown that it is possible to live openly and honestly as who you are, even in the face of prejudice and misunderstanding. Mackay's brave decision to come out has helped to raise awareness of the struggles faced by the trans community. It is hoped that his case will encourage others to be true to themselves and to seek support when they need it.