article: By . Amanda Williams . PUBLISHED: . 02:03 EST, 9 April 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 04:24 EST, 9 April 2013 . Experts have warned production in the world's best wine regions could fall by two thirds because of climate change. There will be a sharp decline in wine production from Bordeaux, in France, Tuscany, Italy, and Napa Valley in California, by 2050, a study has said. But the change will see a 'big push' into areas which had previously been thought of as unsuitable - such as Tasmania and China. Vineyards in Napa Valley, California. Experts have warned production in the world's premier wine regions could fall by two thirds because of climate change . Wine grapes are known to be sensitive to changes in temperature, rain and sunshine. Lee Hannah, a senior scientist at Conservation International and an author of the study said climate change will lead to a 'huge shakeup in the geographic distribution of wine production' because of big changes in regions enjoying the cool winters and hot dry summers that produce good grapes. He told the Guardian: 'It will be harder and harder to grow those varieties that are currently growing in places in Europe.' The findings are published in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. The researchers used 17 different climate . models to ascertain the effects on nine major wine-producing areas. Changing face of wine production: Map shows the change in suitability for wine production between now and 2050. Areas that are currently suitable for wine production but won't be in 2050 are red. Areas that are suitable at present and are still suitable in 2050 are green. Areas which will become suitable are light blue and dark blue . The Chateau Carbonnieux vineyard in Leognan, outside Bordeaux - one of the areas experts have claimed could suffer from climate change . They used two different climate futures for 2050. One assumed a 4.7C (8.5F) warming, the other a 2.5C increase. The most drastic . decline was predicted in Europe, where the scientists found a 85 per cent . decrease in production in Bordeaux, Rhone and Tuscany. In wine growing areas of Australia, there was a forecast 74 per cent drop, and California, a 70 per cent fall. The scientists also predicted a sharp decline for wine growers in the Cape area of South Africa with falls of 55 per cent, and Chile's wine producers would expect losses of about . 40 per cent. But the change in climate could see a boom in new world wine in new territory such as . Tasmania and the . hills of central China. However, Rebecca Shaw, a scientist for the Environmental Defence Fund and an author of the paper, warned the search for new wine country could unearth a host of new potential problems, as many of the areas being touted for production are home to endangered wildlife. She said: 'Wine is going to be on the move in the future as will wildlife. This adaptation has the potential to threaten the survival of wildlife.'
highlights: Experts warn of huge climate change in nine major wine areas . Bordeaux, in France, Tuscany, Italy, Napa Valley in California could be hit . But will be a 'big push' into areas once thought unsuitable, such as China .
id: d374d277c46c451b7cd9637ab984dff0176a8cd1
chatgpt: Experts are warning that nine major wine areas around the world could be heavily impacted by climate change, and that this could have serious consequences for wine production worldwide. The areas most at risk include Bordeaux in France, Tuscany in Italy, and Napa Valley in California. According to a study by the European Commission's Joint Research Centre, the wine regions most sensitive to climate change are those located between 30 and 50 degrees latitude, which is where the majority of the world's vineyards are located. In these areas, the researchers predict that vineyards will be particularly affected by changes in temperature, precipitation, and the frequency and intensity of extreme weather events. Some experts have expressed concern that these changes could result in significant losses for the global wine industry. "The potential impacts of climate change on the wine industry are huge," said Dr. Liz Thach, a professor of management and wine business at Sonoma State University in California. "We could see a significant decline in the production of premium wines from some of the world's most prestigious wine regions." But not all experts are sounding the alarm bells. In fact, some are suggesting that climate change could actually bring new opportunities for the wine industry. "There will be a big push into areas once thought unsuitable for grape growing, such as China," said Thach. Indeed, in recent years, China has emerged as a major player in the global wine market. While the country was once known for producing low-quality wines, in recent years it has invested heavily in vineyards and wineries and has begun producing high-quality, premium wines that are gaining recognition around the world. The wine industry in China has also been growing rapidly, and the country is now the world's fifth-largest wine producer, behind France, Italy, Spain, and the United States. And with its vast land mass and diverse climate, China has the potential to become a major wine producer in the years to come. Of course, there are still concerns about the impact of climate change on the industry as a whole. In addition to the risk of losing traditional wine-making regions, the wine industry is also facing challenges from increasing competition, changing consumer tastes, and new technology. But some experts see reason for optimism. They point to the fact that the wine industry has weathered challenges before, and that it has been able to adapt and evolve over time. And with new technologies and innovations emerging all the time, there is hope that the industry will be able to continue flourishing in spite of the challenges it faces. As for the impact of climate change on the wine industry, there is still much that remains uncertain. But one thing is clear: the industry will need to be proactive and adaptable in responding to the challenges ahead. Whether by exploring new regions, investing in new technology, or finding new ways to connect with customers, the wine industry will need to be nimble and forward-thinking if it hopes to remain strong in the face of a changing world.