article: Controversial: Tory councillor Danny Mayzes, 25, was suspended from his post after suggesting a violent film featiuring an electric border fence offered good ideas for dealing with immigration . A Conservative Party councillor who said a film featuring gun-toting border vigilantes offered a good way of dealing with immigrants has been allowed to keep his post after issuing an apology. Danny Mayzes, 25, of Clacton, Essex, was watching Machete, in which vigilantes patrol an electric security fence on the Mexican border, when he took to Twitter, saying: 'Am watching Machete - now that's how you DEAL with immigration.' He added: '#turn_on_your_ tv_Theresa' in what is believed to have been a reference to Home Secretary, Theresa May. Mr Mayzes has been on Tendring District Council since he was 19 and was the youngest ever chairman of the council until he stepped down last May. After posting his tweet last October, he was suspended from both the council and the Conservative Association in Clacton for 'breaching sufficient group rules'. Labour councillors criticised Mr Mayzes for his 'totally unacceptable' suggestion, but Essex Police later said no action would be taken against him. Yesterday the former Tendring council chairman, who quit both Twitter and Facebook after the incident, was reinstated.  He apologised and said he intended to go on a social media training course. Mr Mayzes told fellow councillors he: 'Completely accepted the decision of the Conservative group' and backed a report which concluded that he had breached the members' code of conduct. He went on: 'I have voluntarily suggested undertaking media training . (including social media) and hope to complete this training as soon as . the council can facilitate it.' In . a separate statement, he said: 'The message that was sent on Twitter was extremely far from the character in which people know me by. Scroll down for video . Inflammatory tweet: The Tory councillor took to Twitter to discuss ways of handling illegal immigrants . Violence: The gory 2010 film Machete stars Robert De Niro as a senator campaigning to incite racial hatred . 'We all make silly mistakes and hopefully lightning won't strike twice. 'I . hope that the council can now move on from such a lengthy investigation . and that we, as councillors, can concentrate on doing the things that . matter to our residents; electing a leader, strengthening stability and . carrying on with the successful work that this council has been . delivering for the people of Tendring including free parking, low . council tax and excellent frontline services. 'That is the kind of work that I want to feel proud of being part of.' Machete was made in 2010 and stars Robert De Niro, Don Johnson, Lindsay Lohan and Steven Seagal, and shows violent scenes between police, border guards and illegal immigrants on the Mexican border.
highlights: Danny Mayzes, 25, was youngest chairman of Tendring District Council . He posted controversial tweet while watching film about violent vigilantes . Mr Mayzes, from Clacton, Essex, added 'turn_on_your_tv_Theresa' Critics suggested this was a message to Home Secretary, Theresa May . He was suspended from council and Clacton Conservative Association . Essex Police said they would not be taking action against the councillor . Now reinstated, he has apologised and plans to go on social media course .
id: b0543e49d31c086cb627459a6475209c80eeca63
chatgpt: Danny Mayzes, the former Chairman of the Tendring District Council, has been reinstated after being suspended for posting a controversial tweet while watching a film about violent vigilantes. Mr. Mayzes, who is only 25 years old, caused a stir when he tweeted "turn_on_your_tv_Theresa" while watching the movie. Critics suggested that this was a message to the Home Secretary, Theresa May, and the tweet was regarded as being offensive in political circles. Mr. Mayzes was subsequently suspended from the council and the Clacton Conservative Association, and there were calls for him to face disciplinary action from the Essex Police. However, it was announced last week that the police would not be taking any action against Mr. Mayzes. Despite the lack of police action, Mr. Mayzes was still forced to issue a public apology for his tweet. He acknowledged that his language was inappropriate and that he had been insensitive to political sensitivities. He also announced that he would be attending a social media course to improve his online communication skills. Mr. Mayzes' supporters were quick to praise his reinstatement and commend him for taking proactive steps to improve his online behaviour. A spokesperson for the Tendring District Council said "We believe that Danny has learned from his mistake and he has shown a willingness to take responsibility for his actions. We are confident that he will be a productive and responsible member of the council going forward." Despite the apologies and the courses, however, some critics remain skeptical about the viability of Mr. Mayzes' future in politics. They argue that his lack of sensitivity shows a fundamental disregard for the importance of respectful communication in public office. Others believe that the situation has been blown out of proportion and that Mr. Mayzes has been treated unfairly by the media and political establishment. Whatever the case, it is clear that social media is increasingly becoming a contentious and potentially dangerous space for politicians to navigate. In an age where information moves faster than ever before, there is a growing need for political leaders at all levels to be aware of the impact of their words online. In this respect, Mr. Mayzes has become an important cautionary tale for politicians seeking to navigate the challenges of modern digital communication.  In conclusion, Mr. Mayzes' story is a reminder of the importance of responsible social media behaviour for public officials. While some may debate the specifics of his case, there is no denying that the swift and sweeping repercussions of his tweet should serve as a warning for politicians at all levels to be thoughtful and mindful about their online presence. If Mr. Mayzes has truly learned from his mistake, he may yet be able to use his experience to become a more effective and responsible leader in the future.