article: By . Joshua Gardner . Even inside the United States, a nation well-known for its comparatively lavish tipping practices, not everyone can agree on how much gratuity to give food service professionals. State-by-state, Americans vary wildly on how much they choose to give and to whom. Using data from smartphone credit card payment company Square, Quartz put together some visuals that expertly tell tale of American gratuity from sea to shining sea. Gratuity: An analysis by Quartz of data from mobile credit card payment company Square showed just where people do, and don't, tip. In front for largest tips at sit-down type restaurants was West Virginia and at the top of the pack for residents who tip most often was Illinois . By looking at many millions of credit card transactions at coffee shops, restaurants and food trucks, the data also pieces together where exactly a state's residents are more or less likely to leave a tip. For restaurants, a category that appears to mean mostly sit-down eateries, the nation's top tippers can be found in the state of West Virginia. In the Mountain State, patrons paying with Square leave an average gratuity of about 20.1 percent of the bill. That's 3.6 percent higher than the 16.6 percent average tip left by diners across America. The lowest-tipping state at restaurants was found to be Nevada, which clocked in with an average tip of 14.6 percent. Worlds apart: The smallest tips across all eatery types were found in Delaware and the largest in Alaska . For coffee shops servers, Square's data show that people tip the most overall with an average of over 18 percent. South Carolina is the kindest to those who make their cappuccinos where Palmetto State patrons give an average 23 percent tip. Meanwhile, working the espresso bar in Hawaii means saying aloha to your tips. Residents there tip baristas on average 15 percent. The last establishment category analyzed by Quartz was food trucks or carts. These tended to be the worst of the three for tips and the worst of the worst was Georgia, where truck employees can expect tips of 15 percent. The best place to sling slop from the side of a vehicle is Iowa, where employees average 25 percent tips. Across the states, the people who tip most often (as opposed to the largest) are in Illinois, with the Delaware residents appeared to tip the least often. Who's to blame: Quartz also gave a state-by-state look at which states are nicest to their servers .
highlights: West Virginians tip restaurant workers the most according to data from mobile credit card company Square, while Nevadans tipped the worst . If you're a barista, the state of South Carolina might be your best best, while Hawaii may be your worst . Food truck workers average the biggest tips in Iowa .
id: 5a098dfadabd8e73195217de23982e96766c0f58
chatgpt: According to mobile credit card company Square, the state of West Virginia is home to the most generous restaurant patrons, as they recorded the highest tip rate among all states in the United States. On the other hand, Nevadans were found to be the worst tippers in the country. Square's data is based on 100 million transactions made through its payment platform between January and July of this year. The average tip rate across all states was found to be around 16.4%. However, West Virginia stood out with an average tip rate of 20.9%, beating out the likes of Vermont (19.9%) and Maine (19.8%). Meanwhile, the Silver State recorded a mere 14.9% tip rate, lower than the national average. For baristas, the state of South Carolina proved to be the most generous. Workers in the Palmetto State received an average tip of 20.1%, followed by North Carolina at 19.6% and Ohio at 19.5%. However, Hawaii was found to be the worst for baristas, with an average tip rate of just 13.7%. The data also revealed that food truck workers in Iowa got the biggest tips, with an average tip rate of 25.8%. That's significantly higher than the national average and better than the tips given to servers in traditional brick-and-mortar restaurants. Other states where food truck workers received high tip rates were Louisiana (23.4%) and Connecticut (22.9%). In contrast, Oklahoma (14.1%) and Arkansas (14.6%) recorded the lowest tip rates for food truck workers. The data from Square may come as a surprise to some. It's worth noting that tipping culture varies from state to state, and is influenced by factors such as the cost of living, local customs, and even weather conditions. For instance, Wyoming has high tip rates for restaurants at 19.5%, despite being home to some of the lowest average wages in the country. New York, on the other hand, is often thought of as a generous tipping state, but Square’s data puts it only slightly above the national average at 17.6%. Overall, the findings show that tipping is an important part of the service industry, and that workers in different states may have vastly different experiences when it comes to tips. It's up to customers to decide how much to tip, but it's worth keeping in mind that a little generosity can go a long way in helping someone make ends meet.