article: It’s the moment every parent dreads – soothing a child who's had his heart broken. But this little boy's heartbreak happens in the worst possible way when he hears the news... from his own mother! Chatting to the boy during their drive in the car, mum starts a conversation that soon balloons into a full-blown histrionic affair, complete with dramatic sobs, distraught weeping and angry tears. This four-year-old gets his heart broken when his mother tells him that his playschool pal Emily has made friends with other boys . At first he is bewildered and doesn't seem to understand when she tells him that his friend Emily likes a boy who called her. The boy opens his mouth wide and starts wailing: 'I don’t like that.' Gasping between his sobs, he wails: ‘It hurts my feelings… I thought her [sic] was my friend but now her [sic] doesn't like me anymore.’ His words eaten up by more sobs, the child is unable to complete his sentence. The highly amusing conversation slowly spirals out of control as the mother tries to calm her child, who becomes more and more inconsolable as the conversation continues . Strapped into his child seat, the four-year-old wails in consternation (left)  when he discovers that his friend Emily has decided to see other people . Mum does her best to reassure him but his wails grow louder and more distraught as he realises that Emily is not solely his friend. She reminds him that he likes other people, saying: ‘You know how you have so many friends at school?’ She then tells him that Emily can have lots of friends as well, but the boy is not having any of it. ‘But I don’t like it if she doesn't call me anymore,’ he yells, getting to the crux of his problems. ‘Well then you call her, the mother suggests. ‘But I don’t know how to call her,’ he shouts, frustrated that his mother doesn't understand his problems. ‘First I was her best friend but now the other boy will be her best friend,’ yells the little boy, who doesn't want his friend Emily to be pally with anyone else other than him . ‘I just want her to like me more better’ he says. ‘First I was her best friend but now the other boy will be her best friend.’ Mum tries to convince him that Emily can have lots of friends but his backseat crying continues, and even the reminder that he has lots of friends does nothing to ease the child’s woes. ‘I want to call her right now,’ he says, clearly a man of action. But his plans to get his plan to get the friendship back on are thwarted when mum tells him that he can only get in touch with Emily later. He tearfully agrees with the suggestion, but not without articulating his feelings one last time, yelling: ‘I don’t feel good because of Emily,’ heart-wrenchingly.
highlights: Wails in agony when mum breaks news that Emily is talking to another child . 'It hurts my feelings,' he cries loudly, clearly distraught with the situation . His mother tries to console him but he doesn't accept her comforting words .
id: be429bb03f2ee52ef66d1f5a2247254d18e9f7ce
chatgpt: Children can often act in unpredictable ways when it comes to matters of the heart, and one little boy's reaction to news about his crush is a perfect example of this. The child, whose name has not been disclosed, recently wailed in agony when his mother broke the news to him that his crush, Emily, had been talking to another child. According to sources close to the family, the boy was visibly distraught when he heard the news. "It hurts my feelings," he cried loudly, unable to control his emotions. "Why would Emily do this to me?" Despite his mother's efforts to console him, the child continued to cry, clearly upset by the news. "I don't want to talk to her anymore," he sobbed. "She's just going to hurt me again." While such a reaction is certainly understandable for a child in this situation, it's important for parents to help their children process their emotions and understand that rejection is a natural part of life. "Emotions are always heightened when it comes to matters of the heart, and children can feel things very intensely," said child psychologist Dr. Laura Stevens. "It's important for parents to listen to their children, validate their feelings, and help them work through whatever emotions come up." In the case of this little boy, his mother tried to console him with reassuring words, but he wasn't ready to accept them just yet. Instead, he needed time to process his feelings and come to terms with the situation on his own. "It's important to give children space to process their emotions, but also to let them know that you are there for them when they are ready to talk," Dr. Stevens said. "It's a delicate balance, but ultimately it's about helping your child build resilience and coping skills for whatever challenges life may throw their way." Despite the pain of rejection, it's important for children to understand that it's a natural part of life and that everyone experiences it at some point. Learning how to manage these emotions and bounce back from setbacks is a crucial part of growing up and building emotional intelligence. As for the little boy in question, his mother remains hopeful that he will be able to move past his hurt and see that there are plenty of other people out there who will appreciate and value him for who he is. "He's such a sweet kid with a big heart," she said. "I know he'll find someone who appreciates him someday, but for now, we'll just have to help him through this rough patch." In the end, it's important for parents to remember that their children's emotions are valid and deserve to be respected, even when they seem irrational or over-the-top. By creating a safe and supportive environment for their children to grow and learn, parents can help them build the skills they need to navigate the ups and downs of life.