article: Plotting? Police have filed a report suggesting Hashim Hanif Ibn Abdul-Rasheed was plotting to hijack an Ohio plane with gas masks and knives . A man fatally shot by police outside an airport had two knives taped to the insides of his legs and his behavior was 'consistent with someone who intended to hijack an aircraft,' a detective's court filing says. Hashim Hanif Ibn Abdul-Rasheed had two 'lock-blade style' knives beneath his trousers and tried to buy an airline ticket using a woman's ID, according to the counterterrorism unit in Columbus, Ohio. Further investigation found he had more knives, a gas mask, other masks, computers, cameras and cellphones in his illegally parked SUV, the statement said. The statement was filed this week as investigators got a search warrant to review data on a cellphone linked to the case. Police said airport officers confronted Abdul-Rasheed after he returned to the vehicle outside Port Columbus International Airport on January 7. They repeatedly fired at him after he moved toward one officer with a knife. The local police union leader said a bomb squad also found containers of frozen urine in the vehicle, an unexplained twist not mentioned in the detective's court filing. Abdul-Rasheed, of suburban Columbus, had a court-documented history of mental illness. After he tried to kill his mother in 1999, a court found him not guilty by reason of insanity and determined he was mentally ill and subject to involuntary hospitalization, Cuyahoga County court records show. He remained under court supervision for more than a decade. Police responded frequently to disturbances at his apartment in the past year. His wife told police officers last summer that he suffered from paranoid schizophrenia and was not taking his medicine. Crime scene: Abdul-Rasheed was shot dead by his SUV at Port Columbus International Airport after he advanced toward an officer with a knife. His car contained gas masks and cell phones, police revealed .
highlights: Hashim Hanif Ibn Abdul-Rasheed had knives, a gas mask, other masks, computers, cameras and cell phones in his illegally-parked SUV, police say . He taped two knives to his legs and tried to buy ticket with a woman's ID . Columbus officers confronted him as he returned to car from the ticket desk . They fired multiple shots after he advanced with a knife on January 7 .
id: d73a97d330a1389e7f04d08941c5cefeb1353a8f
chatgpt: Columbus police officers encountered a potential terror threat at Port Columbus International Airport on January 7, 2021. Hashim Hanif Ibn Abdul-Rasheed was looking for a ticket to climb on a jet bound for Los Angeles. He doesn't have identification of his own and tried to use someone else's to purchase the said ticket. He caught the attention of airport security because he was wearing a gas mask, which is a violation of airport security protocols. So, they searched his illegally parked SUV, where they discovered he was carrying an array of suspicious items. The Columbus police officers found knives, a gas mask, multiple masks, computers, cameras and cell phones inside Abdul-Rasheed's SUV. Two of the knives were taped to his legs. When confronted by the police officers as they saw him returning to his car from the ticket desk, Abdul-Rasheed ignored their orders to stop and advanced towards them with a knife. The police officers had to act quickly, as this presented a clear threat to their safety and that of the public. Multiple shots rang out as police officers fired at Abdul-Rasheed. They were successful in stopping him from causing any harm to anyone. Right after the incident, Abdul-Rasheed was immediately taken to OhioHealth Grant Medical Center. He died there due to the injuries sustained from the shooting incident. On January 7, 2021, the officials refused to rule out a terror element, but they did not provide any indication of a motivation for the incident. This alarming event has caught the attention of many people, prompting them to be mindful of their security and always be vigilant wherever they are. Even in ordinary locations such as airports, safety must be the top priority, considering the threat of terrorism and other dangerous elements that must be avoided at all times.