article: By . Anthony Bond . Last updated at 12:21 PM on 20th February 2012 . An international rugby referee who taught at an exclusive school threw his baby son from a bridge today before jumping to his own death, it has emerged. Jason Lees, 40, threw his two-year-old son from Brisbane's 243ft-high Story Bridge, then jumped to his own death, landing in parkland on the banks of the Brisbane River. Mr Lees taught at the Anglican Church Grammar School in the city and was also an International Seven's Rugby Union referee. Horrific: Jason Lees, left, threw his two-year son, right, off the Story Bridge in Brisbane in the early hours of this morning before jumping to his own death . Jonathan Hensman, head of the Anglican Church Grammar School,  said Mr Lees was a 'highly regarded and much loved teacher'. 'The impact this sudden news has had on our community is significant and . as we work through our grief we are concerned for our boys whom he . taught in the classroom or coached on the sports field,' he told the Port Stephens Examiner. Queensland police said Mr Lees rode a bicycle onto the footpath on one side of the bridge in the early hours of this morning before throwing his baby over a safety rail. Tragedy: Brisbane's Story Bridge from which Jason Lees threw his child before jumping himself . Then he climbed over the rail and jumped. The tragedy is similar to an incident in . 2009 when 37-year-old Arthur Freeman tossed his four-year-old daughter . Darcey from Melbourne's Westgate Bridge - although he did not jump but . gave himself up and was subsequently jailed for life. A witness who saw the incident, at around 3.30am, called police who rushed to the scene but there was nothing they could do for Mr Lees or the child. It is believed that Mr Lees is originally from Canada. Police said they did not believe the child was the subject of a custody battle, unlike the child in the Melbourne tragedy. Talented: Jason Lees was an International Seven's Rugby Union referee . Brisbane's Courier Mail newspaper said uniformed police and detectives had set up a screen around the bodies before they were taken away. Forensic scientists began dusting the bridge rails for fingerprints. The police activity caused delays in early morning traffic. For confidential . support call the Samaritans on 08457 90 90 90 or visit a local . Samaritans branch, see www.samaritans.org for details .
highlights: Jason Lees threw his two-year-old son from Brisbane's 243ft-high Story Bridge then jumped himself . 40-year-old was an International Seven's Rugby Union referee .
id: 1870d662b8f19ef7764cb656b05b2eb5f8428a7f
chatgpt: Tragedy struck in Brisbane when a 40-year-old man threw his two-year-old son off the city's iconic Story Bridge before jumping himself, according to police reports. The man, identified as Jason Lees, was an International Seven’s Rugby Union referee. The incident occurred around midnight on Thursday, causing shock and horror among witnesses and emergency responders. Despite the best efforts of emergency responders and police, both Lees and his son were declared dead at the scene. The tragic news has left the community in turmoil, with many struggling to make sense of how such an incident could occur. Police have not released any information regarding a possible motive, nor do they believe any third parties were involved in the incident. According to reports, Lees parked his car on the bridge's roadway before throwing his son over the side of the bridge's pedestrian walkway. He then jumped himself, plummeting 243 feet to his death. The incident has sparked widespread outrage and calls for increased attention to mental health awareness, particularly among men. Suicide remains a major issue in Australia, particularly among men, who account for three-quarters of all deaths by suicide in the country. Many are now calling on the government to take action, particularly in terms of increasing access to mental health services, reducing stigma, and increasing awareness and education around suicide prevention and support. Lees was an accomplished sportsman, having represented Australia in rugby union from 1999 to 2001 before becoming a referee. He was also a respected member of the Queensland rugby community, serving as a coach and mentor to young players. In a statement, the Queensland Rugby Union expressed its shock and sadness at the news, describing Lees as a "much-loved member of our rugby family." The organization also urged its members to seek support and counseling in the wake of the tragedy. The incident has shocked the city and brought attention to the serious issue of mental health in Australia. While authorities have not released any information regarding motive, many are now calling for increased attention to mental health awareness and support in order to prevent future tragedies like this one.