article: Rafael Nadal is referencing the past and the future with his equipment at this year’s Australian Open — and so far it does not seem to be doing him any harm. The 28-year-old Spaniard is looking ahead with his racket, which includes a microchip transmitter in the handle that records which type of shots he is hitting and at what velocity. His increasingly tight shorts, meanwhile, are more of a throwback to the 1970s. Most importantly he is now off the mark for the season, winning his first round with surprising ease against Russian Mikhail Youzhny 6-3, 6-2, 6-2. The microchip racket technology is legal from the start of this year. Rafael Nadal celebrates after beating Mikhail Youzhny in the first round of the Australian Open . Nadal beat the Russian in straight sets to ease into the second round in Melbourne . ‘It is a help to see how many forehands and backhands you hit,’ said Nadal. ‘I know to play well I have to hit 70 per cent forehands and 30 per cent backhands.’ As for the shorts, he says: ‘We made them a bit shorter last year and this year a little bit more. I feel more comfortable this way, more fresh.’ Back problems and then appendicitis wrecked the second half of last year for Nadal, and he did not look good in this season’s early run-outs. Nadal is using a new microchipped racket called 'Smart Racket' to record what type of shots he plays . Nadal said that he has not felt any pain in his back this season after being plagued by injury last season . But he is a different creature in the Grand Slams, where his form tends to build towards a crescendo. And, after beating the tough Youzhny, he finds himself in by far the easiest part of the men’s draw, with American journeyman Tim Smyczek up next. He should now be able to gain desperately needed matches in the first week and then ratchet up his level in the second. ‘For the moment this year the back is not limiting me,’ said Nadal. ‘You always have doubts before the first match, so winning today gives me some confidence.’ Former finalist and No 5 seed Ana Ivanovic was upset 1-6, 6-3, 6-2 by Czech qualifier Lucie Hradecka.
highlights: Rafael Nadal beat Mikhail Youzhny in straight sets in Australian Open . The world No 3 had a microchip in his racket used for recording shot type . Nadal revealed he needs to hit 70 per cent forehand shots to play well . The Spaniard also admitted to feeling more comfortable in shorter shorts .
id: b9bf545d862d579187f4ef48770692023cd0691d
chatgpt: Spanish tennis great Rafael Nadal has advanced to the next round of the 2019 Australian Open after defeating Russian player Mikhail Youzhny in straight sets. The world No. 3 dominated the match, sticking to his signature aggressive playing style and employing a microchip in his racket to record shot type. Speaking after the match, Nadal revealed that he needs to hit at least 70 percent forehand shots in order to play his best tennis. The microchip in his racket helps him to analyze his shot selection and make improvements to his game. This latest technology in tennis rackets is fast becoming the norm among top players, who are using it to gain a competitive edge on the court. However, it wasn't just Nadal's racket that was sparking interest among spectators at the Australian Open. The Spaniard also made headlines for his attire, revealing that he feels much more comfortable in shorter shorts. This personality trait of Nadal has been closely followed by his fans for years, and he has made subtle changes to his on-court style in the past. In 2018, he surprised fans by switching from his classic sleeveless shirts to a short-sleeved look, which was met with mixed reviews. Despite the chatter over his shorts, Nadal is all business on the court. With this latest win, he has one eye on the prize and is hoping to claim his second Australian Open title since 2009. His next opponent is Australian Matthew Ebden, but the 32-year-old is not taking any chances and is focused on each match as it comes. "I know it's cliché to say that, but it's the truth. Every opponent is dangerous in a Grand Slam. You have to be ready to accept the challenge and play your best tennis," said Nadal in a post-match interview. The Australian Open is the first Grand Slam of the year, and all eyes are on the players vying for the top prize. Nadal is one of the favorites to win the title and is in top form going into the second week of the tournament. Fans will be eagerly watching Nadal's every move on the court, including his forehand shots and, of course, his fashion choices. As he continues his quest for the title, only time will tell if his dedication and innovative use of technology will pay off in the end.