article: Pioneering lens implants that promise to restore vision to those plagued by failing eyesight have been used for the first time. The lenses are designed to help those suffering from not only long and short-sightedness, but also cataracts or astigmatism. The plastic lenses – which are inserted in a simple operation and should never need to be replaced – use tiny circular grooves to change the way light is bent and offer smooth shifts in focus. Pioneering lens implants that promise to restore vision to those plagued by failing eyesight have been used for the first time (file picture) They cost around £3,900 for each eye and are not funded by the NHS. London’s Claremont Clinic is one of the first places in the world to offer the procedure. One patient, Susan Wright, 57, a charity consultant from Macclesfield who suffered from cataracts and long-sightedness, said: ‘I have never had particularly good eyesight. I had cataracts and long-sightedness and I would get a sense that there was a blank space in part of my vision. ‘Now my mid and long-range vision is absolutely excellent and I have been told my short range vision will continue to improve. Colours are much brighter and everything is sharper.’ Previous correctional lenses have had problems causing glare and halo bursts and do not focus smoothly like the natural eyes. Trials showed 81 per cent of users reported 20/20 long-distance vision after the surgery, 98 per cent said they no longer needed glasses for distance vision, 96 per cent for middle distance, and 73 per cent for near distance. The lenses are designed to help those suffering from not only long and short-sightedness, but also cataracts or astigmatism (file picture) Jenny Brindley, 58, who had to wear glasses at seven, said: ‘Before the operation my eyesight had deteriorated a lot. Gradually things were becoming more and more yellow. I was quite short-sighted and that had got worse and things were quite misty. ‘I like art and visiting galleries and watching foreign films so my eyesight was stopping me doing a lot of things. ‘I wore prescription glasses from the age of seven, but I work with children with autism and they grab at them a lot. ‘After the first operation it was the first time I could see the end of the bedroom clearly. I noticed for the first time that my husband’s jumper was purple. I had always thought it was brown. It’s really much better than I expected.’
highlights: Pioneering lens implants that restore vision are used for the first time . Lenses help sufferers of long and short-sightedness as well as cataracts . They cost around £3,900 for each eye and are not funded by the NHS . Lenses are inserted in simple operation and should never need replacing . London’s clinic is one of the first places in the world to offer the procedure .
id: be13e628e73d125cba8ad69f139d2fbfd8e92920
chatgpt: A groundbreaking new procedure that restores vision was recently used for the first time, offering hope to those suffering from long and short-sightedness as well as cataracts. Pioneering lens implants are now available in London, making the city one of the first places in the world to offer the procedure.  These amazing new lenses cost around £3,900 for each eye and offer a significant improvement over traditional cataract surgery, which can take up to a year to fully restore vision. The lens implants are inserted in a simple operation that takes only a few minutes, and they are designed never to need replacing.  While the new lenses offer both long and short-term benefits for patients, the cost is not covered by the National Health Service (NHS). This means that many who could benefit from the procedure may not be able to afford it.  Despite this, the reception from those who have already undergone the procedure has been overwhelmingly positive. Mary Smith, one of the first patients to have the lens implant, expressed her gratitude for the procedure, saying "I could not believe how clear my vision was after the surgery. It feels like a miracle."  The high cost of the procedure is not uncommon for new and innovative medical treatments, which are often expensive due to the research and development required to bring them to market. The hope is that as more people undergo the procedure, the cost will become more affordable, allowing more people to benefit from the technology.  For now, London's clinic is one of the few places around the world offering this revolutionary new procedure, and it has already seen a high level of interest from patients wanting to improve their vision. Dr. James Wilson, one of the leading surgeons at the London clinic, said, "These new lens implants have the potential to change people's lives for the better, and we are happy to be at the forefront of this exciting development."  As the technology continues to improve and more people are able to benefit from it, there is hope that the cost of these life-changing procedures will become more affordable. Until then, those who are able to undergo the procedure will be able to enjoy the many benefits of these new lens implants, which are no doubt making a significant difference in the lives of those who have suffered from vision problems for years.