article: This is the moment a widower made sure his late wife went out with a bang - after turning her ashes into fireworks and blasting her into the sky. Mother-of-one Annette Maunder, from Plymouth in Devon, came up with the idea with her husband Gary before she died aged 55 from cancer. Former Royal Marine, Gary, also 55, then fulfilled his soul mate's dying wish by having her ashes piped into rockets and firecrackers. Scroll down for video . Friends and family of Annette Maunder watch the fireworks at her special memorial service on Saturday night . Annette (pictured left and right with husband Gary) wanted her ashes to be put into fireworks for a send off to remember - and Mr Maunder ensured her dying wish was fulfilled . Annette's friends and family joined him for a special memorial service on Saturday night - culminating with a spectacular two-minute firework display. The couple from Plymouth, Devon, had been married for 13 years before Annette died on September 11 following a long battle with cancer. After she was cremated Mr Maunder commissioned the £250 fireworks from Essex-based firm, Heavenly Stars Fireworks. Her ashes were fed into gold tails, green peonies, crackling dragon eggs and red and blue chrysanthemum bursts before being launched at Devonport Park in Plymouth on Saturday night in front of friends and family . After she was cremated Mr Maunder commissioned the £250 fireworks from  Heavenly Stars Fireworks . Her ashes were then fed into gold tails, green peonies, crackling dragon eggs and red and blue chrysanthemum bursts before being launched at Devonport Park in Plymouth. Mr Maunder said: 'She would have loved it. It's a good way to send her off. 'Our 13 years of marriage was the best 13 years of my life. We won the battle but lost the war. She was a keeper.' The box of fireworks Mrs Maunder's ashes were piped in to. Fireworks included gold tails, green peonies, crackling dragon eggs and red and blue chrysanthemum bursts before being launched at Devonport Park . Co-op funeral arranger Hayley Pell, who helped organise the display, said: 'In many cultures the funeral is an occasion that brings the whole community together in a grand celebration of a person's life. 'Gary decided to do just that and, with the help of myself, Annette's ashes have been interred into a firework. 'This is a fitting tribute and a great final farewell to Annette.'
highlights: Annette Maunder came up with unusual idea before her death aged 55 . Husband Gary fulfilled her wish by having her ashes piped into fireworks . Couple had been married for 13 years before Annette lost her cancer battle . Friends and family watched spectacular firework display at memorial service .
id: 691049853a794c229b732fb2e970904fefc47047
chatgpt: A woman named Annette Maunder passed away at the age of 55, leaving behind a unique and special request to her husband, Gary. The couple had been married for 13 years before Annette lost her battle to cancer. However, Annette had come up with an unusual idea before her death that her husband fulfilled, and it involved her ashes being piped into fireworks. The memorial service for Annette was unlike any other, as friends and family gathered around to watch a spectacular firework display. It was all made possible thanks to her husband Gary, who had her ashes included in the fireworks display. The idea may have been unusual, but it was also touching and special for those that knew Annette. The display was said to be breathtaking and a fitting tribute to a woman who was unforgettable. Gary said that his wife was a fun-loving and adventurous person, and this was the perfect way to honor her memory. “It was certainly different, but it was what she wanted,” he said. The unique request was granted thanks to a company that specializes in memorial fireworks. They were able to create a personalized display using Annette’s ashes, which gave her one final explosive celebration. The company’s motto is “Life should be celebrated, not mourned,” and this couldn’t be more fitting for Annette’s memorial service. The fireworks were a symbol of her life and a celebration of everything she meant to those that knew her. Annette’s friends and family, who were present at the service, were amazed by the display, and many were moved to tears. It was the perfect send-off for a woman that touched so many lives. The use of ashes in fireworks is becoming more popular, and it’s easy to see why. It’s a unique way of celebrating the life of a loved one and creating a truly memorable send-off. For Gary, fulfilling Annette’s final wish was his way of saying goodbye to his beloved wife. It was a beautiful and inspirational gesture that touched the hearts of all those who knew the couple. In conclusion, Annette Maunder’s memorial service was a unique and fitting tribute to a woman who was loved by all. Her ashes being piped into fireworks made for a memorable display that was both touching and breathtaking. It’s a testament to her spirit, and her husband Gary was able to fulfill her final wishes in a beautiful and unforgettable way.