article: The Great British Bake Off returns to our screens this week and promises to get cooks up and down the country splashing out on a raft of new exotic ingredients. We’ve had the ‘Delia effect’ with her cranberries, prunes and North Wales sea salt, the ‘Nigella effect’ on goose fat, maple syrup and semolina and last year Mary Berry herself sent sales of lemon curd surging after she used some on  her TV series. Now the ‘GBBO effect’ is expected to see freeze-dried raspberry and strawberry powders flying off the shelves after they feature in the series, which begins on Wednesday on BBC1. Scroll down for video . Very berry: Mel Giedroyc, Mary Berry and Paul Hollywood in the popular TV show, which will feature the dried raspberry powder and paneer cheese. It returns to our screens this week . Secret new ingredient: The 'GBBO effect' is expected to see freeze-dried raspberry and strawberry powders flying off the shelves after they feature in the series, which begins on Wednesday on BBC1 . High street chains have been stocking up on the little-known ingredients in anticipation of them becoming bestsellers. A spokeswoman for the show told The Mail on Sunday they would be one of the baking trends of the show, which will also feature edible flowers and paneer cheese. The fruit powders, traditionally used in chocolate making and patisserie on the Continent, have caught on in Britain with top chefs such  as Heston Blumenthal. The powders are punchily concentrated. It takes 2.2lb of fresh berries to make every 3.5oz of berry powder. Bake Off star Mary Berry revealed last week that she had only recently discovered the powders. She told Radio Times: ‘Last year I learnt about freeze-dried raspberry powder. Because I don’t research my recipes on the internet, I knew nothing about it. Then  I went home and tried it.’ She was inspired by Kimberley Wilson, one of last year’s finalists, who used it to decorate her chocolate truffles on the first programme of the series. New series: The show returns to our screens this week. Mary Berry said she was inspired by Kimberley Wilson, one of last year's finalists, who used the dried powders to decorate her chocolate truffles . Kimberley, 30, said: ‘I saw it being used by professional chefs on cooking programmes and ordered some online. You get a fabulous, dense flavour. Fresh raspberries can be too moist. I was surprised Mary didn’t know about the powder. She’s been cooking for so long I thought it would be old-hat to her.’ Tina Manahai-Mahai, of Healthy Supplies, an online specialist ingredients site which sells 100g berry powders for £5.99, said: ‘Sales of freeze-dried raspberry powder went up 97 per cent after the end  of the last Bake Off series. If they feature more this time, they’ll fly off the shelves.’ The powders are also on sale at Waitrose, Sainsbury’s and Asda. Edible flowers, praline paste and paneer cheese are also to feature in the new Bake Off series.
highlights: High street chains have been stocking up in anticipation of the new series . Will be a baking trend of the show which will also feature edible flowers . The fruit powders have caught on with top chefs like Heston Blumenthal .
id: bd181235e0eaf8a438638a64cb76c8e1a7f215ee
chatgpt: High street chains across the UK are gearing up for the new season of the popular baking show on TV, which is set to feature a new trend in edible flowers. High street stores have been stocking up in anticipation of the baking trend that is predicted to sweep the country thanks to the hit show. The new trend is set to be dominated by the use of edible flowers in baking recipes, providing a visually stunning and unique twist to traditional recipes. These edible flowers will not only add color and vibrancy to bakes but also provide a new flavor and texture to classic recipes. Alongside the use of edible flowers in baking, the new series will also showcase the use of fruit powders. Fruit powders have already caught on with top chefs like Heston Blumenthal and are proving to be a popular ingredient in the kitchen. Fruit powders are made by milling dried fruit to a fine powder, making them a versatile ingredient that can be used for flavoring and coloring in various dishes, including baked goods, smoothies, and cocktails. The use of fruit powders is set to be a popular trend in the baking industry as they add a new flavor profile to baked goods, giving a unique twist to traditional recipes, and providing an innovative approach to cooking. The rise in popularity of these food trends comes as consumers become more conscious of their wellbeing and search for healthier ingredients to add to their diets. The use of fruit powders and edible flowers in baking provides a healthy, natural alternative to artificial flavors and colorings. The baking industry has seen significant growth over the last few years, and it seems that these food trends are set to provide a new level of excitement for bakers and consumers alike. High street chains such as Tesco, ASDA, and Morrisons have already started stocking up on these ingredients in preparation for the new baking trend, ensuring they can cater to the growing demand for these innovative ingredients. In conclusion, the new series of the popular baking show is set to showcase two new baking trends that are set to take the UK by storm. The use of edible flowers and fruit powders in baking provides a new flavor profile to traditional recipes and caters to a growing demand for healthier, natural ingredients. With high street chains already stocking up on these ingredients, it seems that these trends are set to be a staple in the baking industry for years to come.