article: Manny Pacquiao says Floyd Mayweather has nowhere left to hide and has no option but to fight him. Speculation that the richest fight in boxing history is close to being made has been rife since the Pacman put on an impressive performance to defeat Chris Algieri in Macau last month. Speaking in Las Vegas last week, Mayweather was asked about the fight – which could be the most lucrative in the sport's history – and said:  'Will I fight Pacquiao? Absolutely.' And now the Filipino has tweeted: 'Don't be a boxing humbug. Let's give the fans the fight they want. They have waited long enough.' Manny Pacquiao says Floyd Mayweather has no option but to fight him . Pacquiao said on Twitter that the fans have waited long enough for a fight between him and Mayweather . Pacquiao celebrates his win over Chris Algieri in Macau . VIDEO Fans have waited long enough - Pacquiao . He (Mayweather) has reached a dead end,' Pacquiao told Sky Sports. 'He has nowhere to run but to fight me. I will try my best to make this a thrilling and entertaining fight. But I doubt if he's gonna engage me in a slugfest. You all know his fighting style. Most of his previous fights, if not all, induced us to sleep.' 'I know what I have to do. I will chase him wherever he goes just in case he decides to run around the ring. We will devise a good fight plan against him.' Mayweather Jr beat Marcos Maidana in his last two fights . Both Pacquiao and Britain's Amir Khan want to fight Mayweather . While the fight could gross around $300million (£190.4m) Pacquiao says the money is not important and he would take on the fight for free. 'Mayweather can get the amount he wants,' Pacquiao added. 'I challenged him to a charity fight. Until now, he has not agreed to it. So, money is not the issue in our fight. This fight is about legacy, this is about making the fans happy and, above all, this is for the good of boxing.'
highlights: Manny Pacquiao claims Floyd Mayweather has to fight him . Pacquiao tweeted that they should give fans the fight they want . Mayweather has said he will take on the Filipino star . The fight could be worth as much as $300million . READ: Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao looks ON .
id: f3b0a207bedc8e8f88718fd836d6ac8f0acf8c13
chatgpt: Boxing fans around the world could be treated to a long-awaited rematch between Manny Pacquiao and Floyd Mayweather. In a recent tweet, Pacquiao claimed that Mayweather has to fight him, stating that they should give fans the fight they want. This comes as a surprise turn of events, as the two fighters have gone back and forth for years and it seemed as though they would never actually step into the ring together again. However, Mayweather recently declared that he would take on his Filipino rival, sparking speculation that the fight could finally happen. Industry experts believe that a potential rematch between the two legends could be worth as much as $300 million, and would likely be one of the biggest boxing matches in history. Pacquiao’s tweet stirred up excitement among hardcore boxing fans, who have been eagerly anticipating this fight for years. The Filipino star is hungry for another shot at Mayweather, who beat him in a controversial decision back in 2015. Mayweather has yet to respond publicly to Pacquiao’s tweet, leading some to speculate whether he's ready to take on the challenge. However, insiders say that Mayweather is ready to face his old rival again, and is confident that he can take home another victory. The two fighters have a storied history, with their first match reportedly setting a record for the highest-grossing boxing match of all time. With this upcoming rematch, they would not only be setting a new record, but also settling a long-standing rivalry between two of the biggest names in boxing. Despite the excitement surrounding this match, it still remains to be seen when and where the fight will actually take place. Fans will have to keep a close eye on Mayweather and Pacquiao’s social media accounts for future updates and announcements. With both legendary fighters claiming that the rematch is on, boxing fans are eagerly anticipating one of the biggest matches in recent history. Let’s hope they can deliver on their promise and give fans the fight they've been waiting for.