article: By . Darren Boyle . One-legged pensioner George Halliday defiantly insisted he will not be a prisoner in his home after allegedly being mugged on his mobility scooter. A couple have been charged with robbing the 71-year-old. Mr Halliday was left with stitches in his gums, cuts to his lip, a bloody head and a bruised side in the alleged attack. George Halliday insists that he will not be frightened into staying in his house despite the alleged attack . The pensioner claimed he required hospital treatment following the incident near his home in Newcastle on Sunday evening . The 71-year-old had his right leg amputated 50 years ago after he developed gangrene . However, the father-of-four said he would not be frightened into staying indoors following the alleged incident. He said: 'I'm tougher than that. Mr Halliday, from Sheildfield, Newcastle said: 'I've been through so much in my lifetime.' Mr Halliday admitted he has had a hard life and hasn't been able to work much since losing his leg . The attack is alleged to have happened on Sunday evening. It is claimed Mr Halliday was pulled from his mobility scooter and punched before he had his cash stolen, along with his mobile phone and prescription medication. He said: 'I had to have stitches in my gum. 'I hit my head off the floor and injured it, I fell on my side and it's sore. My lip was cut outside and inside. When they ran off I scrambled back up on to my scooter and someone rang an ambulance and I was taken to hospital. 'I was there for about four or five hours. It was horrible.' Mr Halliday was taken to North Tyneside General with facial injuries following the incident. Almost 50 years ago Mr Halliday had his right leg amputated from the thigh after suffering gangrene. He added: 'I was in my 20s and my foot was black. 'I went to the hospital and they took one look at it and got me straight in to amputate. They took it straight off, it was that bad. 'I've never really worked since then.' Mr Halliday said he had his cash taken in the incident. He said: 'I had it in my pocket, not in a wallet or anything, but I had tenners and fivers. It was taken along with my phone. I was in a bad way and was just left on the floor.' Simon Colclough, 38, and Deborah Archer, 34, both of Bewick Court in Newcastle city centre, both appeared before North Shields Magistrates' Court on Tuesday charged with robbery. Neither entered a plea. But magistrates refused bail applications and the couple were remanded incustody. It is expected they will appear at the Newcastle Crown Court next month. Mr Halliday said he spent a 'horrible' four our five hours in hospital . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
highlights: Pensioner needed several stitches in hospital following the alleged mugging . George Halliday said he was knocked-off his mobility scooter during the incident . The 71-year-old pensioner had his leg amputated 50 years ago due to gangrene . Couple remanded in custody to appear at Newcastle Crown Court next month .
id: 70281e5552b73e37ba7c850d28a937a555498b2f
chatgpt: A pensioner from Newcastle has been left with serious injuries after an alleged mugging. George Halliday, aged 71, was knocked off his mobility scooter during the incident and needed several stitches in hospital. The pensioner, who had his leg amputated 50 years ago due to gangrene, was left shaken and bruised by the attack. Mr. Halliday was attacked while using his mobility scooter on a quiet street in Newcastle. He described the incident as “terrifying” and said that he was unable to defend himself against his attackers. “I was just going about my business and suddenly these two people came up behind me and knocked me off my scooter,” he said. “They then began assaulting me and I was helpless to stop them.” According to Mr. Halliday, the attackers made off with his wallet and some other personal belongings. “I had some money, my phone, and some other items in my wallet,” he said. “They just grabbed it and ran off.” Mr. Halliday was taken to hospital following the incident and was treated for his injuries. He needed several stitches in order to close the wounds caused by the attack. He has since been released from hospital and is said to be recovering well. The attack has left Mr. Halliday feeling unsafe and vulnerable. “I’ve never been scared in my own community before,” he said. “But now I feel like I can’t trust anyone.” The alleged attackers, a couple from the local area, have been remanded in custody and are due to appear at Newcastle Crown Court next month. They have been charged with robbery and assault causing actual bodily harm. The incident has shocked the local community and there has been an outpouring of support for Mr. Halliday. A spokesperson for the local council said: “This is a senseless and cowardly attack on a vulnerable member of our community. We are working closely with the police to ensure that those responsible are brought to justice.” Meanwhile, local police are urging anyone with information about the incident to come forward. “We take any incident of this nature extremely seriously,” a spokesperson for the police said. “We are appealing to anyone who may have witnessed the attack or who has any information to come forward and speak to us.” The attack on Mr. Halliday highlights the vulnerability of older people in our communities. It is a reminder that we must all work together to create safer and more inclusive communities for everyone.