article: (CNN) -- David Beckham has promised he will do everything in his power to help England win the bid to stage the 2018 World Cup. The England and LA Galaxy midfielder has been in South Africa with Football Association chief Lord Triesman to promote England's bid ahead of the draw for the 2010 tournament. Beckham was an ambassador for the successful London 2012 Olympic campaign, and now has a similar role in the World Cup bid. The 34-year-old, who was speaking at a Coaching for Hope project in Cape Town, believes "hard work" is the key England's bid. "We can win the campaign with hard work - nothing in life is easy and you have to work for special things to be given to you and we are prepared for that," Beckham said. "Football is in our culture, in our DNA. It's in us from the moment we are brought into this world, from when we are born and that's something we will always have." Find out all the latest news about the build up to the World Cup in South Africa here. FIFA vice-president Jack Warner, who had previously been critical of England's bid to stage the tournament, said that celebrity appeal can form just as important part of a bid as the quality of the stadiums. "The stadiums and infrastructure is just one of the things that the bid will be judged on," Warner added. "There is the social responsibility and the legacy that the World Cup leaves and other maters." "Celebrities? Of course that will help - isn't that what football is all about?" FA chief Lord Triesman also appreciates the role that Beckham, who has met with FIFA president Sepp Blatter and Warner while on the trip, can have on charming the relevant parties. "When he talks to people, even privately, the passion and patriotism shines out of him," he said. "England is one of the few countries with its stadia and its infrastructure that could host a World Cup almost immediately, next week. "The diversity of cultures around our country is a big thing as well. There are not many countries where you can have Brazil and Portugal and so on coming to our country and for there to be lots of their fans already there. That's a special thing for us."
highlights: David Beckham has promised he will do everything in his power to help England win the bid to stage the 2018 World Cup . FIFA vice-president Jack Warner admitted that celebrity appeal is an important part of a country's bid . Beckham was speaking ahead of the draw for the 2010 event and believes "hard work" will be crucial to England's bid .
id: 7f78eb088dcb616a90f535409123d7d621cb191f
chatgpt: Former England football captain, David Beckham, has pledged his full support to England's bid to host the 2018 World Cup. FIFA Vice-President Jack Warner has previously stated that celebrity appeal is an essential component of a country's pitch to host the competition. Beckham, who is known worldwide for his contribution to the sport, is confident that his involvement will aid England's chances. Beckham expressed his views on the subject during an interview with ESPN ahead of the draw for the 2010 World Cup. Beckham highlighted the importance of teamwork and hard work in order to succeed in the endeavours. Beckham, who has a long-standing relationship with FIFA, stated that he would do everything in his power to assist England's bid. England last played host to the World Cup in 1966 when they won the competition. Since then, the FA has expressed great interest in showcasing the event on their home turf. Beckham, who is viewed as one of the greatest ambassadors of England football, is eager to use his celebrity status to further enhance the country's bid. Beckham has an illustrious career in football, playing for some of the world's most renowned clubs, including Manchester United and Real Madrid. He also represented England for over ten years and was the captain of the team for six years. His vast experience in the sport and his international reputation can undoubtedly be an asset to England's World Cup bid. FIFA's decision on which country will host the 2018 World Cup is expected to be announced in December 2010. England is up against a strong competition from Russia, Spain/Portugal, and Belgium/Netherlands. However, Beckham believes that England's hard working ethics and team effort will see them through. In conclusion, David Beckham's endorsement of England's World Cup bid signifies his fervent commitment to the sport and to his country. His popularity and experience in the field will undoubtedly bolster England's efforts to host one of the most prestigious sporting events in the world. England awaits FIFA's announcement with bated breath, hoping that their hard work and passion for football will bear fruit.