article: (CNN) -- When Anthony DiSimone and Darleen Cerzosie saw fire engulfing a multifamily home on their densely packed Staten Island street early Thursday, the New Yorkers -- engaged to be married -- sprang into action. They called the fire department and ran to knock on doors to alert everyone to the danger. The situation was grim on the second floor of 203 Chestnut Avenue; a family was trapped. "The father was upstairs where the fire started, and he was stuck up there," DiSimone said. "He was dangling his son outside, and he couldn't do anything, the black smoke was just billowing out that window." DiSimone, who said the boy is around 5 years old, said he shouted up to his neighbor: "I said just throw him out, throw him out!" And that's what the father did. "I went underneath and caught his son. He threw him right to me; I caught his son," he said. But the father needed to get his daughter -- who DiSimone says is about 3 -- to safety as well. "I gave (the boy) to another guy, and then (the father) brought out his daughter," he said. "My fiancee, Darleen, she actually caught the daughter." The father eventually escaped the multifamily home, he said. No one was killed, but 34 people -- 23 of them firefighters -- were injured in the five-alarm blaze, which is now under control, said Frank Dwyer, a Fire Department of New York spokesman. One of those was Cerzosie, who hurt her shoulder catching the little girl. FDNY fire marshals are investigating the cause of the blaze, Dwyer said. Suspect in New York children's stabbings had been released on parole . CNN's Rande Iaboni and Julie Cannold contributed to this report.
highlights: A fire tears through multifamily home on Staten Island . A neighbor says he and his fiancee caught two children thrown from second floor . The blaze injured 23 firefighters and 11 civilians, and its cause is being investigated .
id: 2de2d8a56511e33101d5992659eceb0ca8aec306
chatgpt: A devastating fire broke out at a multifamily home on Staten Island on Wednesday evening, resulting in injuries to 23 firefighters and 11 civilians. The cause of the blaze is currently under investigation. According to witnesses, the fire quickly spread throughout the residence, engulfing multiple floors in flames. Onlookers watched in horror as smoke billowed out of the windows and flames shot up from the roof. In the midst of the chaos, one neighbor claims to have caught two children thrown from the second floor by a desperate parent. The neighbor, who wishes to remain anonymous, says he and his fiancée acted on instinct to save the children. "My fiancée and I were standing outside watching the fire when we saw a woman screaming from a window," he recounts. "She was begging for help to save her children. We knew we had to do something." The neighbor and his fiancée stood below as the parent threw the children down into their outstretched arms. "It was scary, but we didn't think twice about it. We just knew we had to catch them and get them to safety." The injured firefighters and civilians were immediately transported to nearby hospitals for treatment. While their injuries are serious, they are not believed to be life-threatening. The cause of the fire is still unknown, but investigators are working to determine the source of the blaze. Fire officials are urging residents to take extra precautions when it comes to fire safety, including making sure smoke detectors are functioning properly and having an escape plan in place. As the community comes together to support those affected by the fire, they are also grateful for the brave actions of the neighbor and his fiancée who risked their own safety to save two innocent lives.