article: Boris Johnson claimed shadow chancellor Ed Balls has the look of a man undergoing an 'unexpected prostate examination' in an extraordinary speech to Tory fundraisers. The Mayor of London stunned the room of Conservative party members with the comments, which he made at a fundraiser in Nottingham, East Midlands. During the event, he also told the 70-strong crowd that Mr Balls and Labour leader Ed Miliband were the 'Thelma and Louise of British politics'. During a Tory fundraiser in Nottingham, East Midlands, Boris Johnson (right) told the crowd that shadow chancellor Ed Balls (left) had the 'pop-eyed air of a man undergoing an unexpected prostate examination' He told the bemused crowd: 'The Thelma and Louise of British politics, Ed Miliband and Ed Balls. 'Does anybody really want to give them back keys to the British economy? 'Do you? Do you want Ed Miliband in charge when frankly he doesn't know. 'He's a stupefying man. 'Do you want Ed Balls in charge of the economy with his unbelievably hostile attitude towards wealth creation and the terrible, pop-eyed air of a man undergoing an unexpected prostate examination? 'Is that what you want? Do you want these guys in charge? 'I don't want them in charge.' The Conservative was in the East Midlands last Thursday to host fundraisers for prospective Nottingham South candidate Jane Hunt, and also for Sherwood MP Mark Spencer. Elliot Johnson, Nottingham University Conservative Association campaigns officer, was at the presentation at the city's Goosedale conference and banqueting suites, and said Mr Johnson was better than any stand-up comedian. The 21-year-old third-year history student said: 'He gave such a fantastic speech. The London Mayor also described Mr Balls and Labour leader Ed Miliband (above) as the 'Thelma and Louise of British politics' and asked: 'Does anybody really want to give them back keys to the British economy?' 'There were some really funny lines, especially the finger up the bum part. He is a very very good orator. Boris can just get away with saying stuff that nobody else can. 'Afterwards, about 70 people gave him a standing ovation for more than a minute-and-a-half. 'He's the best public speaker I've ever seen.' It is also understood that Mr Johnson quipped that, since London will soon become the fourth-biggest 'French' city in the world - due to a huge number of French people living there - it is in danger of being invaded by Germany. According to student newspaper The Tab, he said: 'We're bigger than Nantes, We're bigger than Strasbourg, if it goes much longer like this we'll have to worry about a German invasion. 'We even have a family of Huguenot refugees from France living in Dulwich, called Monsieur and Madame Farage.' The Labour Party and the Conservative Party both refused to comment on Mr Johnson's speech.
highlights: Boris Johnson made unusual comments at Conservative party fundraiser . He said Ed Balls looks like a man undergoing unexpected prostate exam . Also described Mr Balls and Ed Miliband as 'Thelma and Louise of politics'
id: 0304fc4f8a732b30e14da02de447e0e68bce76e3
chatgpt: UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson has once again made headlines for his unusual comments, this time at a Conservative party fundraiser. Speaking at the event, Johnson reportedly made comments about former Labour politicians Ed Balls and Ed Miliband. The Prime Minister is said to have described the pair as the "Thelma and Louise of politics" during his speech. The reference to the iconic movie about two women on the run certainly raised a few eyebrows, especially given the uneasy relationship between the two parties. But it was Johnson's comments about Ed Balls that really drew attention. The Prime Minister reportedly said that the former Shadow Chancellor looked like a man undergoing an unexpected prostate exam. This was a remark that many found inappropriate and offensive. Twitter was quick to react to the news, with many users expressing their outrage at Johnson's comments. Some criticised him for making light of an important health issue, while others called on him to apologise for the remark. But this is not the first time that Boris Johnson has made controversial comments. Throughout his political career, he has been known for his blunders and gaffes, and this latest incident is just another example of his tendency to say the wrong thing at the wrong time. The Prime Minister has faced criticism in the past for statements he has made about women, minorities, and other groups. His comments have been described as offensive, insensitive, and downright disrespectful by some, and there are fears that his rhetoric could further divide an already polarised society. But despite the backlash, Boris Johnson remains a popular figure among Conservative party members and many of his supporters. His unorthodox style and willingness to speak his mind are seen as refreshing by some, and he has been praised for his efforts to deliver Brexit and kickstart the economy. However, his comments at the Conservative party fundraiser have once again raised questions about his suitability for the role of Prime Minister. Some have called for him to be held to account for his remarks, while others have suggested that he may need to undergo some form of sensitivity training. Whatever the outcome, it is clear that Boris Johnson's time as Prime Minister will continue to be marked by controversy and uncertainty. His comments at the Conservative party fundraiser have once again highlighted his tendency to make headlines for all the wrong reasons, and it remains to be seen whether he can turn this around and emerge as a unifying figure for the country.