article: By . Ollie Gillman for MailOnline . A man has died after an 'intense' fire broke out in a residential tower block this morning. About 40 firefighters battled the blaze at Carolina House in Kingsdown, Bristol, which started at around 11am. More than 100 residents were evacuated from the building and taken to a nearby church. Scroll down for video . Towering inferno: A man was killed after a fire broke out on the seventh storey of a block of flats in Bristol . Smoke could be seen billowing put of the window as more than 100 people were evacuated from the building . Dense smoke engulfed the higher storeys of the block of flats as residents fled to a nearby church . One man, who had become trapped inside a seventh story flat and is yet to be named, was pronounced dead at the scene. There were not thought to be any other fatalities or injuries. The fire is now under control. A spokesman for Avon Fire and Rescue service confirmed the death. He said: 'At this stage we have no idea what the cause of the ignition was. 'We have two fire investigators on the scene who are are liaising with police investigators. 'One man was unfortunately declared dead. Surprisingly, for such a large fire, no other people were injured.' An Avon and Somerset Police spokesman said: 'It's a fairly intense fire so it is being dealt with by fire officers primarily. Police are on the scene.' He added that it was too early to know whether the fire was suspicious. Tackling the blaze: More than 40 firefighters were on the scene to try to get the 'intense' fire under control .
highlights: Seventh storey inferno claims the life of a man in flat in Bristol . More than 100 residents evacuated from the building to a nearby church . Miraculously no one else was injured in the 'intense' blaze . Investigators move in to work out what caused the fire .
id: 4cddea3df3546e17c5a3a865a0d6a89e3ba82096
chatgpt: A man has died in a tragic fire that broke out on the seventh storey of a flat in Bristol. The inferno caused more than 100 residents to be evacuated from the building and take refuge in a nearby church. The blaze was reported in the early hours of Tuesday morning, and engulfed the man's flat, quickly spreading to other parts of the building. Emergency services rushed to the scene and fought the intense flames for several hours, finally bringing them under control by mid-morning. Miraculously, no one else was reported to have been injured in the fire. However, the incident has rocked the community, with many affected residents still coming to terms with their ordeal. They have praised the quick response of the emergency services, who prevented the fire from spreading further. Fire investigators have now moved in to work out what caused the deadly blaze. They are combing through the affected areas, trying to piece together what may have happened. The cause of the fire is currently unknown, but investigators have asked anyone with information to come forward. Local residents have also expressed sympathy and support for the family and loved ones of the man who died in the fire. The community has rallied around, offering their condolences and assuring those affected by the tragedy that they are not alone. The incident serves as a stark reminder of the dangers of fire and the importance of fire safety measures. Residents in the building have been encouraged to review their fire safety plans and make sure they are prepared should an emergency arise. Investigations into the deadly blaze are ongoing, and further information about the incident is expected to emerge in the coming days.