article: (CNN) -- Pennsylvania's highest court Wednesday upheld a judge's earlier decision to grant a stay of execution for a man who says the person he killed had sexually abused him years earlier. The court's decision denied prosecutors an emergency petition to have Terrance Williams, 46, put to death on Wednesday, though the court could decide at a later point to have the execution go forward. "As the Pennsylvania Supreme Court has now confirmed, Judge (M. Teresa) Sarmina's grant of a stay was factually and legally sound," said attorney Shawn Nolan. "The Philadelphia District Attorney's Office should stop its pursuit to execute Terry Williams." No one disputes that Williams beat Amos Norwood to death with a tire iron in 1984 or that he should be in prison. But his defense team says information that Norwood had allegedly sexually abused Williams was withheld from the trial, and his life should be spent in a cell. Attorneys ask Pennsylvania judge to call off killer's execution, citing sex abuse . Last week, Sarmina, a common pleas court judge in Philadelphia, found "reasonable probability" that the verdict might have been different had allegations of abuse surfaced during the initial case and that the relationship between the two men had been established but not disclosed. His attorneys have argued that the jurors who convicted Williams more than 25 years ago were told that it was a robbery-homicide case and never learned of the abuse allegations. Philadelphia District Attorney Seth Williams filed an emergency appeal, and has called the abuse allegations hearsay and "a last-ditch effort to escape punishment." Williams, the district attorney, said that although the high court denied the immediate review of the case, the ruling means the case would now proceed as a normal appeal. "The Supreme Court will now have the time to look at all the facts," the district attorney said in a statement. "I continue to believe that this defendant received an appropriate sentence and that his new claims are not true." Williams and accomplice Marc Draper led Norwood, 56, to an area near a cemetery, forced him to lie on the ground, tied him up, gagged him and stole his valuables, the governor's office said in a statement. "Williams and Draper repeatedly beat the man with a tire iron and a socket wrench and then drove away in the victim's car. Williams later returned and burned Norwood's body," the statement said. Draper is serving a life sentence. Since the execution date was set, a number of high-profile supporters have called for clemency in the case, including Pennsylvania Attorney General Linda Kelly. More than 360,000 people have signed an online petition asking authorities to spare Williams' life. Norwood's widow has also asked for the execution to be called off. But Norwood's daughter wants the execution to go forward, the Philadelphia district attorney's office said. She said Friday that accusations of sexual abuse were false and asked the court to uphold the death penalty. CNN's Sheila Steffen contributed to this report .
highlights: The court denied prosecutors an emergency petition to have Terrance Williams, 46, put to death . His attorneys have argued that the jurors were told that it was strictly a robbery-homicide case . Defense team: Allegations that the victim had sexually abused Williams were withheld from trial .
id: 34873e9538b662aec519fe8754214ea998c77159
chatgpt: In a shocking development in the case of Terrance Williams, the court has denied prosecutors the ability to have him executed. The 46-year-old Williams had been convicted of murder in a case where he was accused of robbing and killing another man. His attorneys have argued that the jurors in the case were misled, being told that they were dealing with a robbery-homicide case, when in reality, there was more to the story. According to Williams' defense team, the victim in the case had sexually abused Williams. However, this information was never presented at trial. As a result, Williams' attorneys have been arguing that the true nature of the crime was not properly presented to the jury, and as such, the jury could not have made an informed decision about whether or not to impose the death penalty on Williams. The court has apparently agreed with Williams' attorneys, at least to some extent. By denying the prosecution's request for an emergency petition to have Williams executed, the court is essentially saying that there is enough reason to believe that Williams' original trial was not properly handled. This decision may end up leading to a new trial for Williams, where the full scope of the crime and its motivations can be more fully explored. It is unclear at this time what will happen next for Williams. With the possibility of a new trial looming on the horizon, both his defense team and the prosecutors will need to reevaluate their strategies. However, it seems clear that both sides will be focusing heavily on the allegations of sexual abuse that have been raised by Williams' defense team. This case is likely to be closely watched by legal experts and advocates on both sides of the death penalty debate. It highlights some of the challenges and risks inherent in the death penalty system, where mistakes can have irreversible consequences. It also raises important questions about how juries should be informed about the full scope of a crime, including any underlying factors that may have motivated it. For now, the fate of Terrance Williams remains uncertain. But one thing is clear: this case will continue to be closely watched and scrutinized as it moves forward. With serious allegations of misconduct on both sides, it is clear that there is much at stake in Williams' case.