article: British spies failed to track the jihadi killers of soldier Lee Rigby – after MI5 decided they did not pose enough of a danger, an official report into the terror attack is set to reveal. Fusilier Rigby, 25, was run over and then butchered by Muslim converts Michael Adebolajo and Michael Adebowale  last year outside Woolwich barracks in south-east London. Both men were known to MI5 – especially Adebolajo, 29, who was arrested in Kenya in 2010 attempting to cross the border into Somalia to fight for the African terror group Al Shabaab. He was passed to British spies. Drummer Lee Rigby was almost decapitated in a brutal attack outside Woolwich barracks last year . In the months leading up the brutal murder in May last year, the killer was also posting extremist material on the internet. Despite their history of extremism MI5 assessed the pair as not posing a sufficient danger to require full monitoring. In a long-awaited report set to be published tomorrow Parliament’s Intelligence and Security Committee will insist that MI5 cannot be blamed for failing to track the pair. It will claim that the domestic security organisation was unaware of the extremist material they were posting on the interest which could have alerted them to the fanatical intentions of the killers. Internet service providers – who have come under intense pressure to do more to help police and the security services – did not alert them it was there. Tomorrow’s bombshell report will be presented to Parliament by the Prime Minister. Both men were sentenced in February to life imprisonment for the soldier’s murder, with leader Adebolajo told he would never be released. No individual will be criticised in the report into the security services’ handling of the case and that MI5 itself will not be blamed for failing to stop the attack, according to a report by the Guardian today. Michael Adebolajo, left, and Michael Adebowale, right, were jailed for life for the murder of Lee Rigby last year . Adebolajo has claimed spies attempted to turn him into an informant after he was arrested in Kenya in 2010. The report to be released on Tuesday runs to more than 100 pages, but the full report has already gone to the prime minister. The committee used its powers to read MI5 files about Adebolajo and Adebowale as well as to interview MI5 head Andrew Parker. After Drummer Rigby’s murder, several witnesses said Adebolajo had complained of his treatment by the security services, the Guardian has claimed. Adebolajo and Adebowale, both converts to Islam, had been known to the security services for up to eight years before the attack. Adebolajo went to Kenya in 2010, where he was arrested as he attempted to join extremists in Somalia.
highlights: Fusilier Rigby was  butchered by  Michael Adebolajo and Michael Adebowale . Both men were known to MI5 but spies ruled they were not a major threat . Adebolajo posted extremist material on internet in months before murder . Official report to be published tomorrow with statement by David Cameron .
id: d8f0f8fca80ac20c1b1609c00e9a6450e551b86f
chatgpt: Fusilier Rigby's Murder: Official Report to be Published Tomorrow, the official report into the murder of Fusilier Lee Rigby will be published with a statement from the Prime Minister, David Cameron. The report was commissioned by the Intelligence and Security Committee and has taken almost two years to compile. Rigby was brutally attacked and killed by Michael Adebolajo and Michael Adebowale in May 2013 on the streets of Woolwich in South East London. The attackers used knives and a cleaver to butcher Rigby in broad daylight and were eventually gunned down by police. It has emerged that both Adebolajo and Adebowale were known to MI5 as part of a group of individuals involved in Islamist extremism. However, they were not deemed to be a major threat and therefore were not placed under close surveillance. The report may raise questions about whether the intelligence agencies are equipped to deal with the growing threat of Islamic extremism in the UK. In the months leading up to the murder, Adebolajo had posted extremist material on the internet, which went largely unnoticed. The report is also likely to examine the role of the security services in monitoring potentially dangerous individuals and groups. Critics argue that there needs to be greater investment in intelligence gathering in order to prevent attacks such as this from happening. The killings of Fusilier Rigby were condemned by politicians and religious leaders across the UK. Prime Minister David Cameron said that it was a "sickening and barbaric" attack, adding that "there is no justification for it". The publication of this report is likely to be an emotional moment for Rigby's family and friends. They have endured a great deal of pain and suffering since his untimely death. It is hoped that the findings of the report will go some way towards helping the family and the wider community to understand why this tragedy occurred, and what can be done to prevent similar attacks in the future. In conclusion, the upcoming report into the murder of Fusilier Lee Rigby is likely to be a significant moment in the fight against Islamic extremism in the UK. It will offer important insights into the role of the intelligence agencies in tackling this growing threat, and may lead to changes in the way that they operate. Ultimately, it is hoped that the report will help to prevent future attacks and make the UK a safer place for all.