article: A grandfather who knew his Frozen-loving granddaughter was disappointed when it failed to snow as much as forecasters had predicted delivered her a truck of snow so she could build a snowman. Allen Queen, from Providence, Rhode Island, had the idea after his home was battered with winter weather, pushing back a trip to see his four-year-old granddaughter in Glen Burnie, Maryland. The little girl, Sophia White, had been sad that she hadn't received as much snow as her grandfather, her mother Nicole told the Capital Gazette. Dream come true: Four-year-old Sophia White is pictured with the snowman she built in Maryland after her kind-hearted grandfather delivered her a truck of snow that he drove from his home in Rhode Island . 'As the storm came, or rather didn't come, and I was talking to my dad on the phone I casually mentioned to him that I wished I could teleport Sophia up to him with his 18 inches of snow since all she wanted to do was build a snowman,' she said. So the kindhearted grandfather, known to his granddaughter as 'Poppy', borrowed a front-loader from his employer  and used it to fill the bed of his truck with snow. Then he started the nearly 400 mile journey south. 'When he got here, he had a tarp over the back of his truck, and I kept asking what was in the back,' White said. 'He just kept telling me not to worry about it - it was something for work.' He had planned to surprise Sophia right away but when he arrived, the area was being battered by rain and he didn't want her experience to be ruined - so he waited until the skies cleared. Good thinking: Allen Queen used his employer's front loader to fill up the bed of his truck with snow after learning that his granddaughter was disappointed that she couldn't build a snowman in Maryland . Surprise! After driving nearly 400 miles, he shoveled it out onto her lawn with the help of her father . When he finally told White, she put Sophia in her Elsa costume from the movie 'Frozen' and allowed the youngster to stay home from school so that she could play in the snow. With the help of Sophia's father, Julius White, Queen shoveled out the snow and the little girl could finally get to work on her snowman. 'Everything else in the neighborhood has melted and is pretty dry,' White said. 'Then there's just this random snowman in our yard. He's a little shorter than he was, but he's still there.' Glen Burnie received an inch of snow during last week's snowstorm, while Providence was lumped with more than a foot. Joy: Queen helps him overjoyed granddaughter climb to the top of the snow after her special delivery . Getting to work: After her parents kept her home from school, he then helped her build a snowman .
highlights: Allen Queen, from Providence, Rhode Island, knew his granddaughter Sophia was disappointed when her Maryland home failed to get much snow . So he borrowed a front-loader truck to fill up his truck with snow and drove 375 miles to her home . Her parents let her have the day off school so she could finally build a snowman .
id: 38b28b1cfe10cea88b4893613821d51a55d13554
chatgpt: In a heartwarming display of grandfatherly love, Allen Queen, a resident of Providence, Rhode Island, took matters into his own hands when he learned that his beloved granddaughter Sophia was dismayed at the lack of snow in her Maryland home. Refusing to let his granddaughter's disappointment go unnoticed, the doting grandfather borrowed a front-loader truck to fill it up with snow and drove an incredible 375 miles to Sophia's doorstep. Sophia's parents, touched by Allen's gesture, had agreed to let their daughter have the day off school so that she could finally build the snowman that she had been dreaming of. When Allen arrived at their doorstep, Sophia's eyes widened with surprise and delight as she saw the truck loaded with snow. Without any delay, she rushed out to the yard and excitedly got to work building her snowman. For Allen, seeing the joy on his granddaughter's face made the long journey all the more worthwhile. "She was so happy – that's all that mattered," he said. With the snowman finally taking shape, Sophia and Allen spent hours playing in the snow, throwing snowballs at each other and enjoying the simple pleasures that come with fresh powder. Before long, the news of Allen's incredible gesture had spread far and wide, capturing the hearts of people across the country. Many were quick to praise this grandparent's love for his granddaughter, calling it a perfect example of the selflessness and devotion that should typify family relationships. Allen's act of love has earned widespread admiration and has become an inspiration to many. His heartwarming journey to bring snow to his granddaughter's doorstep shows that love knows no limits and that our family members are worthy of any effort required to make them happy. For Sophia, the snowman built with her grandpa's love will likely be a treasured memory for years to come. And for Allen, the memories of this trip will be cherished for a lifetime. This act serves as a reminder that sometimes the smallest things can inspire the biggest gestures of kindness, and that the love of family always prevails.