article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 21:49 EST, 14 January 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 05:26 EST, 15 January 2014 . The mayor of Los Angeles was a passenger in a vehicle that struck a pedestrian Tuesday afternoon, sending the unidentified woman to the hospital in unknown condition. 'I'm very concerned about her and wish her a speedy recovery. I look forward to speaking with her soon,' Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti said in a statement. The accident happened about 12:20 p.m. when the vehicle driving Garcetti - a city-owned vehicle driven by a Los Angeles police officer - struck the woman near 2nd and Spring streets, . Worried: Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti says he's concerned about the woman involved in the accident and looks forward to speaking with her . The mayor's office said Garcetti was on a phone call at the time of the accident and did not witness exactly what happened. At the time of the accident, the mayor was leaving the Los Angeles bureau of the Associated Press where he gave an interview. His office says he was returning to City Hall when his vehicle struck the pedestrian. The woman's identity - as well as her condition - currently is unknown. The woman's age also is unclear - several news outlets have quoted witnesses who said the woman was in her 60s. Other news outlets identified the woman as being 37 years old. Garcetti's office says the mayor was on the phone at the time of the accident and didn't witness much . According to NBC Los Angeles, the woman 'walked into the roadway against a red light and between two vehicles, causing the crash.' Both LAPD and Los Angeles Fire Department officials responded to the accident. The woman was escorted to the hospital by the LAFD.
highlights: The condition of the woman involved in the accident is unknown . Mayor Eric Garcetti was being driven back to City Hall from an interview at the time of the accident . Garcetti was on the phone at the time of the accident and didn't witness much .
id: dca6cf6dcc8221b2db993b584df1042824c758a3
chatgpt: Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti was involved in a car accident earlier today, however, he was not behind the wheel. Garcetti was being driven back to City Hall after an interview when the accident occurred. Reports suggest that the crash happened while Garcetti was on the phone, and he did not witness much of it. The mayor has not released a statement on the incident. While the details of the crash remain unclear, it has been confirmed that a woman was involved. The condition of the woman has yet to be determined. The accident is likely to bring the issue of distracted driving back to the forefront. Many studies have shown that using a phone while driving increases the risk of accidents significantly. The Los Angeles Police Department is currently investigating the incident, and further details are expected to be released in due course. Garcetti has been a vocal advocate for road safety in Los Angeles, and his involvement in a car accident is likely to put more focus on the issue. This is not the first time that Garcetti has been in a car accident. In 2015, he was involved in a crash on his way to a press conference. Garcetti was not injured in that incident. The mayor's office has not yet commented on the latest accident, but it is clear that more information will be needed to determine what happened and who is responsible. For now, the thoughts of the people of Los Angeles are with the woman involved, and the hope is that she makes a full and speedy recovery.