article: Rome (CNN) -- Seven people have died and seven others are missing after rains triggered severe flooding in northern Italy, civil protection officials said Friday. Especially hard hit was the tourist-popular Cinque Terre region on Italy's northwest coast. The Italian Council of Ministers declared a state of emergency in the flood region, which means 65 million euros ($91 million) will be put aside to deal with the disaster, the Corriere della Sera newspaper reported. A special cabinet meeting was called Friday to discuss the situation, the Italian government said. Heavy rains continued to fall Thursday night in Milan and other spots across the southern European nation, according to the Servizio Meteorologico, Italy's official weather agency. The agency gave an alert about intense, widespread rainfall -- potentially with strong wind gusts and hail -- in the regions of Calabria and Basilicata in southern Italy, as well as the eastern part of Sicily. Meanwhile, Monterosso al Mare -- between Genoa and Pisa in the Cinque Terre region of Liguria -- has been "isolated, accessible only by sea" because of earlier rains and floods, Mayor Angelo Betta told the news agency ANSA. So, too, is the nearby town of Vernazza, with even bulldozers and cranes still not able to reach it. That said, Betta reported some progress Thursday thanks to round-the-clock efforts by emergency workers and volunteers to clean up the town. One volunteer in that community died in the flood Wednesday. "The situation is much better compared to yesterday," Betta said. Italy's Defense Ministry noted Thursday on its website that 348 military personnel have deployed to the provinces of Massa Carrara and La Spezia to assist in the wake of flooding here. Three people were killed after a house collapsed in La Spezia, an ANSA report said. ANSA also reported that prosecutors have opened a manslaughter investigation related to the deaths of two people from flood-related injuries in Aulla. Authorities are assessing whether their deaths had anything to do with faulty work that may have caused the Magra River to overflow. The weather has also caused major travel headaches throughout the region. A mudslide that trapped a truck driver, who was eventually freed, has caused the A12 highway in Liguria to be blocked since Tuesday. Train services in Liguria have been halted, too, due to mud and debris on the tracks. CNN's Hada Messia and Marilia Brochetto contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: The death toll rises to seven and a state of emergency is declared . 348 Italian military personnel are dispatched to help in flood-ravaged areas . Cinque Terre town is "isolated, accessible only by sea," its mayor says . The storms have caused transportation problems across Liguria .
id: 3f7b1fa2f2db92f5aa1cc4c23584296e040e8042
chatgpt: Seven people have been confirmed dead and a state of emergency has been declared in parts of Italy as floodwaters continue to devastate the region. The heavy rain and flooding have caused significant damage to infrastructure and properties, leaving many people stranded or unable to move around. In an effort to provide relief to the affected areas, 348 Italian military personnel have been dispatched to help with rescue and recovery efforts. The sheer scale of the damage caused by the storms has put enormous pressure on local emergency services, prompting the need for additional support. The town of Cinque Terre has been particularly hard hit, with its mayor reporting that the town is now "isolated, accessible only by sea." This means that residents are effectively cut off from the rest of the region and may require more assistance in the coming days. The heavy rainfall has also caused transportation issues across Liguria, with many roads and bridges being closed due to flooding. This has resulted in significant delays for people who need to travel for work or other reasons, and has further exacerbated the strain on emergency services. Local authorities have urged people to take extra precautions as the weather conditions continue to worsen. They have advised people to avoid travelling if possible and to remain indoors as much as possible until the situation stabilises. The Italian government has pledged to provide additional resources to help with the recovery and rebuilding process. Many individuals and businesses have also already donated money and supplies to help those who have been affected by the floods. The extreme weather conditions in Italy are just the latest example of how climate change is having a tangible impact on our daily lives. As extreme weather events become more frequent, it is clear that urgent action is needed to mitigate the effects of this global crisis. In the meantime, the people of Liguria remain in our thoughts as they continue to deal with the aftermath of this devastating storm.