article: WASHINGTON (CNN) -- President Obama should reach out to Iranian opposition leader Mir Hossein Moussavi as tensions in Iran over the disputed presidential elections continue to heighten, a former Bush administration official told CNN Sunday. Paul Wolfowitz was the deputy defense secretary in the Bush administration. "I would certainly find out if he (Moussavi) wants a conversation," former Deputy Defense Secretary Paul Wolfowitz told CNN's Wolf Blitzer. "If he doesn't, I certainly wouldn't push it. But I would make it clear that the phone is an open line." Obama on Saturday issued a written statement on the bloodshed across the streets of Tehran as demonstrators protest the election outcome, saying, "The Iranian government must understand that the world is watching. We mourn each and every innocent life that is lost. "We call on the Iranian government to stop all violent and unjust actions against its own people. The universal rights to assembly and free speech must be respected, and the United States stands with all who seek to exercise those rights." However, Obama has been criticized by some lawmakers and analysts who say he should vocalize a stronger stance on the clashes.  Watch the latest videos being leaked out of Iran » . "I understand the concern about meddling in a way that seems to label the opposition as American tools, but the opposition made it very clear they want support from the world," said Wolfowitz, a staunch supporter of the U.S.-led war in Iraq and a scholar at the American Enterprise Institute. CNN Senior Political Analyst David Gergen added that, "It would be useful for the president to show more forceful leadership internationally on this issue." He noted the graphic images emerging from Iran, including the fatal shooting of a young female protester identified as Neda, saying the violence calls for "some kind of humanity from the West." Gergen and Wolfowitz said the United States should rally with other Western nations and even countries in the region -- including Afghanistan and Turkey, which have recognized incumbent President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad as the winner of the June 12 election -- to support the Iranian people. Ahmadinejad's victory was declared by Iran's election authority, the Guardian Council, spurring massive protests last week, with many demonstrators proclaiming their support for Moussavi. Moussavi and candidate Mehdi Karrubi have rejected the election as fraudulent and demanded a new one. Wolfowitz called Moussavi a "very brave man," saying, "He is resisting. He is putting his life at risk."
highlights: "Opposition made it very clear they want support," Paul Wolfowitz tells CNN . Former deputy defense secretary also says he wouldn't push unwanted relationship . CNN analyst David Gergen says Obama should show more forceful leadership . Wolfowitz calls opposition leader Mir Hossein Moussavi "a very brave man"
id: db9009c6a38447701ed43c93f2d06e61dd669c91
chatgpt: Former Deputy Defense Secretary Paul Wolfowitz appeared on CNN's "State of the Union" on Sunday to discuss the ongoing political turmoil in Iran. In the interview with anchor Candy Crowley, Wolfowitz discussed the Iranian opposition's desire for support and the need for strong leadership from President Obama. "Opposition made it very clear they want support," Wolfowitz told Crowley. He also expressed his admiration for opposition leader Mir Hossein Moussavi, whom he called "a very brave man." But Wolfowitz made it clear that he wouldn't push for an unwanted relationship between the United States and Iran. "I don't think we should be in the business of trying to create a change in leadership in Iran," he said. CNN analyst David Gergen, who also appeared on the show, echoed Wolfowitz's sentiments, saying that Obama should show more forceful leadership in dealing with Iran. "I think there's a feeling that the President should lead a little more in situations like this," Gergen said. Wolfowitz, however, argued that Obama "has made comments that are reasonably strong" and that "he needs to be careful not to turn this into a us-versus-them kind of confrontation." The Iranian government has been facing growing protests following the disputed presidential election last month. Moussavi, who the opposition says was the rightful winner of the election, has been leading the protests and demanding a new vote. The Iranian government has responded to the protests with violence, arresting thousands of opposition supporters and cracking down on the media. The government has also expelled foreign journalists from the country. The situation in Iran has been a major topic of discussion in the United States, with many politicians and analysts weighing in on the matter. Some have called for the United States to take a stronger stance against Iran, while others have warned against getting involved in what they see as an internal Iranian matter. Wolfowitz, who served in the Bush administration, has been a vocal critic of the Iranian government in the past. He played a key role in the Iraq War and has been a strong advocate of democracy promotion in the Middle East. Despite his criticisms of the Iranian government, however, Wolfowitz made it clear that he believes the United States should be cautious in its approach to Iran. "We shouldn't be in the business of trying to create a change in leadership in Iran," he said.