article: By . Mike Dawes . Bernhard Langer will take an eight-shot lead into the final round of the Senior Open at Royal Porthcawl. The 56-year-old German began the third round with a seven-stroke advantage over Colin Montgomerie and England's Chris Williams and he tightened his grip with a three-under-par round of 68. Montgomerie had been hoping to exert some pressure on his former Ryder Cup team-mate but after a three-under-par front nine of 32, he ran into trouble after the turn, carding a double bogey on the 10th followed by a bogey in the 11th, before dropping another shot on the 17th when his tee shot ran into unraked spikemarks in a bunker. Leader: Bernhard Langer has an eight-shot lead going into the final round at Royal Porthcawl . Swing: He is taking part in the Senior Open Championship . Atmospheric: Langer walks up the 18th hole during the third round . That meant a back nine of 40 and a round of 72 for the 2010 Ryder Cup captain, who is now 11 shots adrift of Langer, while Williams also lost ground on the runaway leader with a level par 71 to stay on four under par. Instead, it was Canada's Rick Gibson, winner of the Bad Ragaz PGA Seniors Open earlier this month, who moved into second place on six under par with a round of 66. Langer's eight-shot cushion is a new 54-hole record and it is difficult to imagine him not converting that into a second title to go alongside his victory at Carnoustie in 2010.'I am one step closer,' he said 'I still have 18 holes to go. It's nice to have an eight-shot lead but I have still got to keep my head down tomorrow and hit a lot of good golf shots and make some putts and play smart.'
highlights: Langer leads by eight shots going into the final round of Senior Open . Leads Colin Montgomerie and England's Chris Williams .
id: 9564cf1f772f255d4c000c10325e5458f92acee7
chatgpt: Bernhard Langer is just one day away from winning his fourth Senior Open Championship as he heads into the final round eight shots ahead of his nearest competitors. The German pro golfer had a commanding lead heading into the third round and managed to extend it even further, leaving Colin Montgomerie and England's Chris Williams trailing by eight shots. The day started with Langer already leading the pack by four shots, but he quickly distanced himself further from the competition. His accuracy on the greens was integral to his success as he birdied seven of his first 13 holes. He also managed to salvage par on the 4th hole after hitting his tee shot into the rough. Colin Montgomerie, who has won the Senior Open twice before, was unable to keep up with Langer's pace. He was only able to birdie three holes on the day with each of his shot attempts coming up short in comparison to Langer's strokes. Fellow competitor Chris Williams had a day to remember as he moved up to second place with a solid performance. The Englishman had seven birdies in total and only dropped a single shot on the 10th hole. His performance sets him up well heading into the final round, however, it may not be enough to catch up to Langer. The golfers had to battle some harsh weather conditions on the third day of the tournament with windy and rainy weather challenging their shots. Despite the unfavorable conditions, Langer was unfazed and delivered a magnificent performance. He will be heading into the final round in fantastic form and with a significant lead over his opponents. Langer's performance so far in the tournament has been nothing but exceptional, and it looks like he has an excellent chance of winning his fourth Senior Open Championship. However, golf is a sport that can be highly unpredictable, and anything can happen during the final round of play. Langer will have to stay focused and maintain his form to seal the victory. Golf enthusiasts and Langer fans alike will have to wait and see if he will be able to clinch the title tomorrow.