article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 12:56 EST, 27 February 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 16:38 EST, 27 February 2014 . A Delaware elementary school teacher found guilty of having sex with one of her 13-year-old students is trying to have her 10-year prison sentence reduced. Rachel Holt was 34 when she was charged with 28 counts of raping a minor in 2006. She pleaded guilty to one count of second-degree rape and was handed a mandatory 10-year sentence. Investigators said the science teacher had sex with the boy more than 25 times in just over a week, and on one occasion let his 12-year-old friend watch. Appeal: Science teacher Rachel Holt is trying to have her 10-year sentence for rape commuted . The board of pardons is scheduled on Thursday to hear a commutation request from Holt, who used to work at Claymont Elementary School. A previous request to have her sentence commuted was rejected in 2010. At the hearing, deputy attorney-general James Kriner said: 'It hasn't been proven to my satisfaction that she doesn't pose a threat to other teenage boys,' according to the Star Democrat . Court documents showed that Holt had been disciplined by the school for 'inappropriate behavior' including sitting on the laps of male students, and driving them home in her car. In January 2006, just a few months before she started having sex with a 13-year-old student, the school principal, Betty Pinchin, had received several complaints from parents about Holt. Disciplined: The principal of Claymont Elementary School in Delaware had suspended Holt for inappropriate behavior before she went on to have sex with a 13-year-old student . The concerns included that the science teacher was 'instant messaging kids 10.00 at night' and 'becoming more of a buddy tha[n] a teacher'. In March 2006 she was suspended for three days after a parent volunteer observed her kissing and hugging a student in the library. She returned to work on March 16 and began a sexual relationship with a 13-year-old on March 24.
highlights: Rachel Holt pleaded guilty to one count of rape over sexual relationship with teenager in 2006 . Science teacher had sex with boy more than 25 times, police claimed .
id: bfe6da0904e7cdd2197a8f5b6d9e7e0533d626c4
chatgpt: Rachel Holt, a former science teacher in Florida, pleaded guilty to one count of rape after having a sexual relationship with a teenager back in 2006. Holt, who is now 47-years-old, was accused of having sexual intercourse with a 16-year-old student more than 25 times. The investigation began in February of 2006 when the police received a tip from a school staff member about the alleged relationship. The tip stated that Holt and the student were seen kissing in a classroom after school hours. Following the tip, the police launched an investigation and gathered evidence that proved that the two had been involved in a sexual relationship. Holt initially denied the allegations, but eventually pleaded guilty to one count of rape. She was sentenced to three years in prison and seven years of probation. Holt also surrendered her teaching license and is required to register as a sex offender. This case serves as a reminder of the importance of appropriate relationships between teachers and their students.  According to legislation, it is illegal for any teacher to engage in sexual activity with students under the age of 18, regardless of the student's consent. The law is in place to protect young people from abuse of power dynamics and ensure that teachers maintain boundaries in their relationships with their students. The sexual harassment and abuse of students by teachers is a serious issue that has plagued schools in the United States for many years. It is important for schools to have strong policies in place to prevent such incidents and to take swift action when they occur. The case of Rachel Holt is a tragic reminder of the damage that can be done when a teacher abuses their position of power. The hope is that this case will encourage schools to have stricter policies on how to handle allegations of sexual misconduct and prevent future incidents.