article: (CNN) -- An indictment unsealed in Manhattan criminal court on Thursday formally charged suspect Conrado Juarez with the 1991 slaying of 4-year-old Anjelica Castillo, known for decades only as "Baby Hope." Juarez, 52, in an orange jumpsuit and a translator at his side, pleaded not guilty to a charge of murder in the second degree. Assistant District Attorney Melissa Mourges read portions of a statement, unsealed in court, taken when Juarez allegedly confessed after his October arrest. The document said that Juarez "admitted that he had sex with the victim and killed her by smothering her with a pillow, then packed her into the cooler and brought the cooler uptown and left it as previously described." Outside court, Juarez's attorney Michael Croce called the alleged confession "completely suspect," saying his client was interrogated for more than 13 hours. Croce said he was told a police translator helped facilitate the confession. "That's always problematic for me," he said, casting doubt on its "veracity" and "accuracy." Last month, police said that Juarez -- 30 at the time -- visited a Queens apartment shared by seven of his relatives and saw Anjelica in the hallway. In 1991, construction workers found the body of Anjelica -- who had not been reported missing -- bound and stuffed in a garbage bag. The bag was hidden under some soda cans inside a blue and white cooler. She had been smothered and sexually molested, police said. Her body was so decomposed that several sketches were made in attempts to capture what she looked like. The young victim became an emotional symbol for the NYPD and its unsolved cases. Two years after she was found, the girl was laid to rest in a donated plot. She was buried in a white dress bought by a detective's wife, with a tombstone paid for by detectives to mark her grave. "Because we care" said an inscription at the bottom of the tombstone. Each year, on the anniversary of the July 23, 1991, discovery of her body, police canvassed nearby neighborhoods, handing out fliers and seeking leads in the case. An anonymous tip called in after the latest canvass in July helped crack the case, police said. It took detectives to Anjelica's sister, now an adult. The lead helped them identify the woman believed to be the girl's mother. Anjelica's name was recently added to her tombstone, more than 20 years after her body was discovered. For parents of the missing, does hope spring eternal?
highlights: Unsealed indictment formally charges alleged killer of girl known as "Baby Hope" Suspect Conrado Juarez pleads not guilty to charge of second-degree murder . Girl was killed in 1991 .
id: b2187b2df0e357a728cfaf7309ee9bb807ed0108
chatgpt: After more than two decades of mystery surrounding the identity of the killer of "Baby Hope," the case has finally been unsealed, with the alleged killer Conrado Juarez now formally charged with second-degree murder. The case dates back to 1991, when a young girl now known as "Baby Hope" was found beaten, sexually assaulted, and suffocated. She was just four years old. For years, the girl's identity remained unknown, until she was finally identified in 2013 as Anjelica Castillo. Now, after more than 27 years, Juarez has been indicted for her murder. He has pleaded not guilty to the charge of second-degree murder. Juarez was reportedly a cousin by marriage of Anjelica's mother. According to prosecutors, he admitted to sexually assaulting the young girl and then killing her. The case was made even more shocking by the fact that the girl's body was left in a cooler on the side of a highway for days before it was discovered. For years, the case went unsolved, with police offering a reward for any information about the girl's identity or the identity of her killer. Finally, in 2013, a tip led police to her identity, and her cousin was arrested soon after. Since then, the case has been working its way through the courts, with Juarez now finally facing trial for the murder of a child who was barely old enough to attend school. The case has drawn attention not just because of the horrific nature of the crime, but also because of the length of time it took to solve. Investigators used genetic genealogy to finally identify the young girl, a technique that was not available until recently. The case has also highlighted broader issues around child abuse and neglect. Anjelica's mother reportedly abandoned her and her sister, leaving them with their father, who was later deported to Mexico. Anjelica and her sister were then left in the care of Juarez's sister, who claimed that Anjelica had been taken away by child protective services. Now, as Juarez faces trial for one of the most shocking crimes in recent memory, authorities hope that the case can offer some closure to the family of Anjelica Castillo. While the trial is likely to be difficult for all those involved, it will hopefully serve as a reminder that justice can eventually be served, even in cases as dark and complex as this one.