article: Four-time NASCAR champion Jeff Gordon announced on Thursday that he will retire as a full-time driver at the end of the 2015 season. The 43-year-old Gordon, of Pittsboro, Indiana, is coming off one of his best seasons in years. He won four times in 2014, including the Brickyard 400. He said that he was not officially calling it a retirement because there is 'always the possibility I'll compete in selected events, although I currently have no plans to do that'. Scroll down for video . End of the road: Four-time NASCAR champion Jeff Gordon announced his retirement as a full-time driver on Thursday . Gordon tweeted this image today as he let his team at Hendrick know that he was stepping back from the racing world . Gordon has 92 career Sprint Cup wins and championships in 1995, 1997, 1998 and 2001. He has spent his entire 23-year career in the No. 24 car with Hendrick Motorsports. Gordon is third in career victories, trailing Hall of Fame drivers Richard Petty (200) and David Pearson (105). He has three Daytona 500 victories and a record five Brickyard 400 wins. According to Hendrick Motorsports, last year Gordon had 'four victories, three pole positions, 14 top-five finishes and a series-leading 23 top-10s'. His team also noted that he was the star of the viral video Test Drive, which was viewed more than 43 million times on YouTube. Gordon is married to Ingrid Vandebosch and has two children, seven-year-old daughter Ella Sofia and son Leo Benjamin, four. On Thursday, Gordon tweeted a photo of him letting his racing team know that it would be his last year driving full-time. He then posted: 'I'm proud of the career I've had & knew this day would come, but I'll be involved with @TeamHendrick for many years to come.' Fellow driver, Danica Patrick, responded to the news: 'Crazy to hear that @JeffGordonWeb is retiring! What an amazing career! Glad I got to race with him!' Burning rubber: Gordon has spent his entire 23-year career in the No. 24 car with Hendrick Motorsports . Finish line: Gordon (left) celebrates in Victory Lane after winning the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series AAA 400 in September 2014. Right, he waves the flag after coming first in the  Brickyard 400 auto race at Indianapolis Motor Speedway . Gordon pictured with his wife Ingrid and their two children, seven-year-old daughter Ella Sofia and son Leo Benjamin, four .
highlights: The 43-year-old Gordon, of Pittsboro, Indiana, is coming off one of his best seasons in years . He said that he was not officially calling it a retirement because there is 'always the possibility I'll compete in selected events' The father-of-two informed his team at Hendrick Motorsports, where he has spent his entire 23-year career .
id: 3265cbd026d3b3100d09fa54c3164d0c72ce9f39
chatgpt: After 23 years of racing with Hendrick Motorsports, Jeff Gordon has announced that he is stepping away from full-time competition in NASCAR. The 43-year-old driver from Pittsboro, Indiana, is coming off one of his best performances in years, finishing sixth in the season standings despite not winning any races. In a statement made to the press, Gordon said that he wasn't officially calling it retirement. He said that there's always the possibility that he would compete in selected events in the future. But for now, he's excited to explore opportunities outside the race track. "I won't be racing the full schedule anymore, but I'm excited about exploring other opportunities that will allow me to remain around the sport and continue to give back to the fans who've supported me over my career," Gordon said. Gordon's career as a NASCAR driver began in 1992, and he has since become one of the most successful drivers in the sport's history. He has 93 career wins, four championships, and is third on the all-time wins list behind only Richard Petty and David Pearson. He has spent his entire career with Hendrick Motorsports, where he has cemented his legendary status in the sport. Gordon has long been considered one of the most talented and accomplished drivers in NASCAR history. His success on the track has been matched by his contributions off it, both as a philanthropist and as an ambassador for the sport. His charitable work has included the Jeff Gordon Children's Foundation, which has raised millions of dollars for pediatric cancer research. Hendrick Motorsports owner Rick Hendrick praised Gordon's contributions to the team, saying that he was "one of the biggest reasons for the success of this organization." "We're a better team and better people because he's been a part of our organization," Hendrick said. "As someone who's been around the sport for a long time, I can tell you that Jeff is one of the greatest drivers of all time." Gordon's announcement marks the end of an era in NASCAR, but his impact on the sport will be felt for years to come. He will be remembered not only for his success on the track but for his contributions off of it, and his legacy will continue to inspire future generations of drivers and fans alike.