article: An alarming video of two shirtless men fighting in a street in regional Queensland has gone viral. The footage was taken in Festival Street in Rockville - in the state's south-east - and starts off with just two men in a front yard exchanging punches while onlookers stand clear of the conflict. But the incident soon escalates when a third man takes a large stick and bashes one of the men involved in the initial brawl with it. Scroll down for video . The footage was taken in Festival Street in Rockville - in the state's south-east - and has gone viral . It starts off with just two men in a front yard exchanging punches while onlookers stand clear of the conflict . The exchange becomes so heated that it soon makes its way onto the neighbour's lawn, with some witnesses pulling out smartphones to film the exchange. But it is not the first time, neighbours on Festival Street - an area with public housing - have heard of fights unfolding near their homes. Resident Sarah Giddy moved with her husband and five children to Rockville just eight months ago and told The Chronicle she had already witnessed a number of other fights in the street. 'It happens quite frequently and there are usually police here straight away,' she said. But the incident soon escalates when a third man takes a large stick and bashes one of the men involved in the initial brawl with it . The exchange becomes so heated that it soon makes its way onto the neighbour's lawn . 'They haven't done anything to us but there are other people who could get hurt.' Another resident - who wished to remain anonymous - said he had seen the fight take place on Saturday from his house. He said the street had died down in previous years but incidents of this kind were starting to pop up again. 'It is mainly the young fellows,' the man told the APN-owned newspaper. But neighbours say it is not the first time fights have broken out on the suburban street . The video was originally posted on Facebook and in just a few days it had attracted more than 400,000 views. This comes after a disturbing Facebook page emerged, featuring videos of students fighting at a Perth school. Kinross College is looking to have the group shut down but Facebook is refusing to budge. In one video on the Perth Fights page, two Year 9 students are seen punching and kicking each other, while being cheered on by other students. Onlookers can be heard encouraging the fighters and are heard shouting: 'Go…fight, fight, fight'.
highlights: Incident happened in Festival Street, Rockville - in Queensland's south-east . Initial brawl involved two men fighting on a front lawn before a third joins in . The third man comes over and decides to hit one of them with a large stick . It turns into a second fight, which makes its way onto neighbour's lawn . Latest incident comes after a Facebook 'fight club' emerged two days ago . On this page, videos of students from a Perth school are seen fighting .
id: 993be74f9e6772fcf3fd2184d8adfba0b2fa6c17
chatgpt: A violent incident took place on Festival Street in Queensland's south-east in the early hours of this morning. According to eye-witnesses, what started as a small fight between two men on a front lawn quickly escalated when a third man entered the fray armed with a large stick. The third man, who has not yet been identified, struck one of the combatants with the stick, causing the fight to spill over onto a neighbor's property. The melee then continued on this new location as punches and kicks were exchanged by all involved. Law enforcement authorities arrived at the scene and were able to quickly disperse the fighting parties. Several arrests were made, and the injured person was rushed to the hospital for treatment. The status of the injured individual remains unclear. This latest incident has left many residents of Festival Street reeling, especially given the alarming emergence of a Facebook "fight club" page just two days previous to the altercation. On this social media platform, a series of videos emerged depicting students from a Perth school engaging in various acts of violence. The creators of the page seem to have gone to great lengths to share the videos with as many people as possible. The result has been an explosion of comments and shares from people all over the country. Queensland police say that they are taking the situation very seriously and are working hard to apprehend those responsible for the Facebook page. They have called on the public to provide any information they may have to help with the investigation. Meanwhile, the Queensland opposition's justice spokesperson, John-Paul Langbroek, has said that the state government has failed to take sufficient action on this issue. He has called for a dedicated task force to be created to deal with this problem, pointing out that the rise of social media platforms like Facebook has made it easier than ever for people to organize fights and share footage of violent incidents. As the investigation into the latest incident on Festival Street continues, residents of the area are expressing their concern about the growing problem of organized fights being shared on social media. They are calling on the authorities to take swift and decisive action to put an end to this dangerous trend before it spirals further out of control.