article: Joleon Lescott has played against some of the best strikers in the world, but the West Brom defender came across a real sharp-shooter when he spoke with young Aston Villa fan Moin Younis. In an interview with BBC Midlands Today, the pair exchanged banter as they spoke about this Saturday's West Midlands derby at The Hawthorns. Taking part in their annual Christmas visit to Birmingham Children's Hospital, the Baggies players were doing their bit to help raise funds for the construction of a playroom for each ward... although young Moin seemed to be having enough fun without one. Joleon Lescott met 15-year-old Aston Villa fan Moin Younis during West Brom's annual Christmas visit . The young Villa supporter appeals to the camera as he claims Lescott was grabbing his favourite robe . 15-year-old Moin, from Handsworth, was speaking with a BBC Midlands Today reporter when Lescott emerged from the background and put his arm around him. In true footballer style Moin flagged up the contact, as if appealing to a referee. 'By the way guys, he's just grabbed me... I'm a Villa fan,'  Moin shouted as he kissed the badge on his robe. From here on in Lescott knew he had met his match and the sparring continued as he retorted: 'We're going to take a picture later with his robe off. 'You said you was going to come to the game (on Saturday) in a West Brom shirt!' Quick to dispel any confusion Moin said: 'I'm Villa's number one fan... they will all know its a lie!' The youngster even had time to mock his unlikely Christmas angel, who said he would return on Monday to give him some stick if Villa lose. The pair exchanged light hearted banter in the ward as they spoke about Saturday's West Midlands clash . Lescott left his new friend with a high-five after telling him he'd return on Monday if West Brom win . 'He had something to say about that (Lescott's move from Manchester City). 'He said, "why would I do it?", I said "I'm close to home now aren't I?. Back home in Birmingham"... He's even digging about my accent!' West Brom will want to make amends for giving away a two goal lead in this fixture last season, something young Moin hadn't forgotten. 'I didnt play,' Lescott said, 'I wasn't even there but I'm still at blame aren't I?' he asked his new friend. Baggies captain Chris Brunt will be missing for Saturday's derby after failing to recover from a hamstring injury. Jonas Olsson is also out following an operation on his Achilles but Saido Berahino is set for a recall after being dropped to the bench for the goalless draw at Hull and Claudio Yacob is available following a ban. Lescott joins team-mates Gareth McAuley, Chris Brunt, Ben Foster and Craig Gardner as they met patients . Moin would have done his fellow Aston Villa fans proud as he showed no backing down againdst Lescott .
highlights: Joleon Lescott shared some insight with a young Aston Villa fanatic . 15-year-old  joked with Lescott ahead of Saturday's West Midlands derby . Youngster mocked the defender about his move from Manchester City .
id: d8a0edb9214299a344f57c4065eca969c82f992e
chatgpt: Aston Villa defender Joleon Lescott recently shared some insightful advice with a young Villa fanatic. The 15-year-old had the opportunity to meet with Lescott ahead of the team's West Midlands derby against West Bromwich Albion on Saturday. During their conversation, the young fan decided to poke fun at Lescott about his move from Manchester City to Aston Villa. However, Lescott didn't take offense and instead used the moment to impart some words of wisdom. Lescott explained to the youngster that it's important to have the support of your team and that he was happy with his decision to join Aston Villa. He also praised the young fan for his passion for the game and encouraged him to continue supporting his team. This interaction between Lescott and the young fan highlights the positive impact that football can have on people's lives. For many fans, meeting their favorite players can be a dream come true and can help them to feel more connected to their team. Aston Villa have had a tough season so far, but the team has been working hard to turn things around. The West Midlands derby is always an important match for Villa, and the team will be hoping to secure a much-needed win against their fierce rivals. Lescott has been an important player for Aston Villa this season, and his experience and leadership have been invaluable to the team. Despite facing criticism from some fans, he has remained committed to the cause and has continued to give his all on the pitch. As the season heads towards its conclusion, Villa will be looking to build momentum and finish the campaign on a high note. With players like Lescott providing guidance and support, the team has a great chance of success. Overall, the interaction between Lescott and the young fan highlights the positive impact that football can have on people's lives. Whether it's through meeting their favorite players or supporting their team, football can bring people together and provide a sense of community and belonging. As Villa prepare for the West Midlands derby, they will be hoping to deliver a performance that will make their fans proud. With players like Lescott leading the way, there's no doubt that they have the talent and determination to succeed. Whatever the outcome, Villa fans will continue to support their team and look forward to the next chapter in the club's history.