article: By . Leon Watson . and Gerri Peev . PUBLISHED: . 12:32 EST, 31 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 04:44 EST, 1 January 2014 . The UK Independence Party has benefited from a surge in membership in the last 12 months as Conservative  numbers have dipped, it emerged yesterday. Ukip now has 32,500 members – up from 19,500 last January. Nigel Farage’s party has been advancing in the polls and has been tipped to beat the Conservatives in the European elections to be held in May. Conservative constituency membership has almost halved since David Cameron became leader in 2005 – from 253,600 to just 134,000. UKIP leader Nigel Farage has hailed a rise of two thirds in his party's membership in the past 12 months . Nigel Farage's eurosceptic party said it was finishing 2013 with 32,500 members - up from 19,500 at the start of a year which has seen its profile rise significantly . Mr Farage said Ukip was re-engaging people who had given up on politics. He . added: ‘Many of our members are those who have never been a member of . any political party before, but who see that it is Ukip who is . challenging the establishment on issues such as open-door immigration, . grammar schools and green taxes.’ If . Ukip has a similar surge in membership over the coming  year, it could . overtake the Liberal Democrats in its grassroots’ support. The number of Lib Dems is at 43,000, more than a third lower than the 65,000 it had in 2010.Support for Labour has also slipped back to 187,537, down from when Ed Miliband became leader in 2010. A UKIP supporter holds up a banner in Eastleigh ahead of the by-election to replace Chris Huhne . Ukip chairman Steve Crowther said: 'The narrative in Westminster seems to be that falling party membership is inevitable. 'Well in Ukip’s case the opposite is true: our membership is growing faster than ever. 'In May alone, the month that the council elections were held, Ukip membership went up by 2,500. We will now aim to continue that momentum and growth as we head into next year’s European Elections and the 2015 general election as well.' Mr Farage - who has predicted a political 'earthquake' in May when his party is tipped by some to win the election - said it was re-engaging people who had 'given up on politics'. 'Many of our members are those who have never been a member of any political party before but who see that it is Ukip who is challenging the establishment on issues such as open door immigration, grammar schools and green taxes.'
highlights: Eurosceptic party said it was finishing 2013 with 32,500 members . Contrasts with dwindling grassroots support for established parties . However, Ukip still has only a fraction of members of two main parties .
id: 343059b725c4edd215aae57c7df68ded1b1fa5b8
chatgpt: The Eurosceptic UK Independence Party (UKIP) has announced that it has finished 2013 with a membership tally of 32,500 supporters. While this may seem like a significant achievement for the party, it is also a clear indication of the growing dissatisfaction among the public with the more established political parties. As the UK continues to face economic struggles, dwindling support for both the Conservative and Labour parties has become increasingly apparent. Many Britons view these traditional parties as being out of touch with their needs and indifferent to their plight. UKIP's growing membership has been fueled in part by this dissatisfaction with the status quo. The party has capitalized on anti-European Union sentiment and a general disillusionment with politics as usual. Many of those who have joined UKIP in the past year are likely to have done so out of a desire to see a change in the political landscape. Despite their growing numbers, UKIP still has only a fraction of the membership of the two main parties. This fact should not be overlooked. UKIP may be gaining momentum, but the party still has a long way to go if it wants to become a serious contender in the next general election. Furthermore, UKIP's position as a single-issue party may ultimately limit its appeal to voters. While opposition to the EU has undoubtedly connected with many people, UKIP must also develop a broader platform that addresses other issues of concern to voters. Ultimately, what this announcement highlights is that UKIP is on the rise, while support for the traditional parties is waning. If the Conservatives and Labour are unable to address the concerns and frustrations of voters, they may continue to lose support to upstart parties like UKIP. As we look ahead to the next general election, it is clear that UKIP will pose a new challenge for the established parties. Whether this translates into electoral success remains to be seen. What is certain, however, is that UKIP has tapped into a deep vein of discontent that other parties cannot afford to ignore. The political landscape in the UK is changing, and UKIP is leading the revolution.