article: Mary Berry has discovered that baking is her genes - after learning her great-great-grandfather was a baker at a 19th century workhouse. Unbeknown to the Great British Bake Off judge - who is taking part in the BBC1 programme Who Do You Think You Are? - her ancestor Robert Houghton ran a bakery in Norwich in the 19th century, in an area awash with prostitutes and criminals. He ran the thriving bakery for nearly 40 years, researchers found, and had a contract to supply a workhouse in the city. Scroll down for video . Mary Berry has discovered that baking is her genes - after learning her great-great-grandfather was a baker fora 19th century workhouse . Mr Houghton - a relation on Mrs Berry's mother's side - supplied the workhouse with between 700 and 800 loaves daily, although a local newspaper report from an inspector at the time claimed it was 'so bad that we don't know how to eat it', the Sunday Times reports, although this was later retracted. Mrs Berry, 79, also researched her paternal family and discovered that her great-great-great grandfather Christopher Berry was a printer and bookseller. But after he was hit by bankruptcy in the 1811, his wife Mary and six of their children were sent to the workhouse. Only two of the children - her great, great grandmother, also called Mary, and Chris - were spared the workhouse. A picture of Mary and her brother balanced on their mother on a makeshift see-saw, in 1938. Unbeknown to the Great British Bake Off judge  her ancestor Robert Houghton ran a bakery in Norwich in the 19th century, in an area awash with prostitutes and criminals . While her great, great great uncle Chris abandoned his family - who were then also sent to the poorhouse, Mary went on to have four children, although no father is mentioned on the birth documents. The baking supremo, who lost her own son William in a car accident when he was 19, can be seen in tears during the episode when she learns of her great-great-grandmother's death at the age of 70, with her youngest son Edward at her side. She said: 'I know Robert Houghton worked very hard in his bakery, but I think my genes come more from Mary Berry, who survived the workhouse and was very family-oriented - just like me.'
highlights: Mary Berry is taking part in BBC1 programme Who Do You Think You Are? Discovered ancestor Robert Houghton ran bakery in Norwich in the 1800s . The thriving bakery had a contract to supply a workhouse in the city .
id: a920b3759f6067dd87b8ac4308529b741e024ee8
chatgpt: Mary Berry, the famous baker, is set to appear on Season 16 of the popular BBC1 programme "Who Do You Think You Are?" In the upcoming episode, Berry will be exploring her family history, delving into the life of her ancestor Robert Houghton, who owned and ran a successful bakery in Norwich during the 1800s. Houghton's bakery was a bustling hub of activity in the city, supplying freshly baked goods to the people of Norwich. However, the bakery also had an important contract to supply bread to the workhouse in the city. Berry was fascinated by this aspect of her ancestor's life, as it shed light on an often-overlooked aspect of history. Workhouses were places where the destitute could come for shelter and food during times of economic hardship. However, conditions in these institutions were often harsh, and the quality of the food was often poor. Berry was keen to discover more about her ancestor's role in supplying bread to the workhouse, and how he navigated the challenges of running a successful bakery in such difficult circumstances. Through her research, Berry discovered that her ancestor's bakery went far beyond simply supplying bread to the workhouse. Houghton was an innovator in his field, and his bakery was known for producing a wide variety of different baked goods, from bread to cakes and pastries. His passion for baking had made him a much-loved figure in the community, and he was widely respected for his hard work and dedication. As Berry delved deeper into her family history, she was struck by the way in which her ancestor's bakery had helped to shape the community of Norwich. The bakery had provided employment opportunities for many people in the area, and Houghton had been a key figure in the growth and development of the local economy. Through his passion for baking, he had played an important role in shaping the city of Norwich, and his legacy continues to be felt today. For Berry, the experience of exploring her family history on "Who Do You Think You Are?" was a rewarding and eye-opening one. By learning more about her ancestor Robert Houghton and his contribution to the community of Norwich, she gained a new appreciation for the importance of family and the power of community. Her experience serves as a reminder that our family histories are rich and complex, and that there is always more to discover about our past.