article: By . Sara Malm for MailOnline . Roman Abramovich’s daughter Sofia has given the world a unique peek into the world of the Chelsea FC owner and his family. Sofia, middle child of Abramovich's five offspring with second wife Irina, has uploaded several images of life with her billionaire father on her Instagram account. As well as the standard stream of selfies, the beautiful 19-year-old equestrian has also posted old family portraits and pictures of her as a child with her businessman father. Scroll down for video . Touching: Sofia Abramovich (pictured) has shared several family photos with her father . Daddy's girl: Teenage Sofia posted this picture of her as a child in her father's arms . Back in the days: Sofia posted this happy family snap of her parents before the divorce and her older siblings Anna and Arkadiy . And, despite her privileged upbringing, rather than bragging about her family's wealth, down-to-earth Sofia prefers posts about baking, horses and her friends. She has also uploaded a string of old photographs from her childhood, many with her 47-year-old father. Roman Abramovich, the 50th richest man in the world, divorced her mother Irina in 2007, which saw the former air hostess receive a . record settlement said to be at least £1billion. Window: Pictures such as this one, captioned 'When everything was simple #throwback #dad #family #goodmemories #loveyou #goodoldtimes' gives a unique insight into the private life of her billionaire father . Hashtags galore: As with any other teenage girl, Sofia's Instagram is flooded with selfies . Then and now: Sofia, now 19, compares herself now with an old photograph of her as a child . Sofia competes in showjumping with her horses. She is seen here on Zovidius R (nicknamed Bugsy) However, the jaw-dropping divorce . payout does not seem to have seen his finances suffer too much, as a . Bloomberg report from April this year estimated Abramovich's net-worth . to be £8.6billion. Abramovich then went on to marry Dasha Zhukova, 33, and has since had two more children. Sofia . is believed to be residing with Irina on an £18million West Sussex . estate with her four siblings Ilya, Arina, Arkadiy and Anna. Humble: The keen equestrian's account is refreshingly free from brags about wealth and luxury, instead Sofia's main focus is her horses . Earlier this summer, Sofia impressed the crowds at the Longines Global Champions Tour at Horse Guards Parade in London. The . teenager represented Russia in the show-jumping event of the . competition with her horses; Zovidius R, which she calls Bugsy on her . Instagram, and chestnut-coloured Rainbow. However, . she was not the only well-to-do heiress to compete in the show. Bruce . Springsteen’s daughter Jessica, 22, rode for the U.S. and representing . Greece was Onassis heir Athina Onassis de Miranda, 29.
highlights: Sofia Abramovich, 19, has posted several family portraits in her Instagram . Daughter of billionaire Roman is seen in intimate shots with her father . Unique insight into private life of Chelsea FC owner, worth £8.6billion .
id: b2690def62cbafe7c448c36e9f80d2c1eaa25e0a
chatgpt: Sofia Abramovich, the 19-year-old daughter of billionaire businessman Roman Abramovich, has recently shared a series of intimate family portraits on her Instagram account. The photos feature Sofia with her father, providing a unique insight into the private life of the Chelsea Football Club owner, who is estimated to be worth £8.6 billion. The portraits showcase a warm and affectionate relationship between Sofia and her father, as they pose together in various locations. In one photo, the father-daughter duo is seen snuggled up together on a couch, with Roman wrapping his arm around Sofia’s shoulder. Another photo captures the pair standing on a balcony, with Roman resting his hand on Sofia’s back as they smile for the camera. Sofia’s Instagram account, which is followed by over 4,000 people, also features other family photos, including snaps with her mother, Runa Abramovich, and her siblings. However, it is the intimate shots with her father that have garnered the most attention from fans and the media alike. The photos have provided a rare glimpse into Roman Abramovich’s personal life, which he has largely kept out of the public eye. The billionaire businessman is notoriously private and rarely gives interviews or speaks publicly about his personal life. Thus, the portraits showcased by Sofia has given fans a unique opportunity to get an insight into the family dynamics of one of the wealthiest men in the world. The photos have also sparked interest in Sofia herself, who is being seen as a potential influencer in her own right. With her social media presence, she has become a public figure and her Instagram account has attracted a considerable amount of attention. Some social media users have praised the portraits, with many commenting on the strong bond between Sofia and her father. However, others have criticized the images, calling them inappropriate and accusing the father-daughter duo of being too close for comfort. Despite the mixed reactions, one thing is certain: the photos have sparked a conversation about the extent to which public figures should share their private lives on social media. While many celebrities use Instagram as a platform for sharing intimate moments with their loved ones, others choose to keep that part of their lives private. For Roman Abramovich, self-promotion has never been a priority and he has always shied away from the public eye. However, the photos shared by Sofia are changing that perspective, giving fans a rare glimpse into the life of the Chelsea FC owner, and leaving many wanting more.