article: (CNN) -- Defending world champion Sebastian Vettel has said that he likes the Shanghai circuit, despite a disappointing performance in last year's Chinese Grand Prix. Vettel started last year's race in pole position, but eventually finished down in sixth place. However, he is confident he can handle the track better this year following his impressive in the first two races of the season. Speaking to the official Formula One website, the Red Bull driver said: "We struggled last year, but I like the track and I've had some good drives there in the past. "Generally the overseas races are special, as you go there a few days earlier than usual, so you get to see different things. I enjoy that and am looking forward to the race." McLaren dominated last year's race by finishing first and second -- and winner Jenson Button revealed the team are determined to close the gap on Red Bull this weekend. "Off the back of two successive podium finishes for the team, we're not only hopeful of maintaining our finishing record, but of improving it too in China," said Button. "We've made no secret of our desire to take the fight to Red Bull, and we're fully aware that stronger opposition will make it harder for them to have a smooth and uninterrupted weekend." Meanwhile, McLaren team principal Martin Whitmarsh revealed that his team are pulling out all the stops in order to close the gap on Red Bull. "Coming just a week after Malaysia, it's essential that we maintain the thrust of our development program in order to further close the gap at the front. "We'll be spending Friday evaluating a number of new components alongside our regular tire and set-up programs. "We have a number of new parts that we want to evaluate on Friday -- either for potential incorporation into our program for the Shanghai race, or as part of our longer-term development strategy." Vettel leads the 2011 Formula One standings with a maximum 50 points from two races, 24 points ahead of Button with their respective teammates -- Mark Webber and Louis Hamilton -- joint third on 22 points.
highlights: Sebastian Vettel is looking to make it three wins in a row in China this weekend . Vettel said he likes the Shanghai circuit despite finishing only sixth last year . 2010 winner Jenson Button believes McLaren can push Red Bull all the way in China .
id: b6c37ae870d8469bcc1d01bc99c6551f777ac5f0
chatgpt: Sebastian Vettel will enter the Chinese Grand Prix this weekend with his sights set on a third consecutive victory, having won in both Bahrain and Australia. The German driver will have his work cut out for him, however, with 2010 winner Jenson Button confident that his McLaren team can keep up with Red Bull in Shanghai. Despite finishing only sixth at the circuit last year, Vettel has spoken positively about the Shanghai circuit, and is eager to add another win to his impressive resume. "I've always liked the circuit," Vettel said. "It's got a lot of corners, it's got some straights, and it's a good challenge for the driver and the team." Button, who won the race five years ago while driving for Brawn GP, is also feeling confident ahead of the weekend's racing. "I think we can push Red Bull all the way in China," he said. "We've got some good pace, and I think we're in a good position to challenge for the win." The McLaren team has shown strong form in the early stages of the 2015 season, with Button's teammate, Fernando Alonso, scoring the team's first points of the year in the last race in Bahrain. Despite this, Button knows that Red Bull will be difficult to beat. "They've got a very strong package, but we're not far behind," he said. "It's going to be a close battle, but that's what makes it so exciting." This year's Chinese Grand Prix marks the 12th time the race has been held at the Shanghai International Circuit, which was designed by German architect Hermann Tilke. The 5.4km track features a variety of challenging corners and provides plenty of opportunities for overtaking. It is one of the most popular circuits on the Formula 1 calendar, drawing large crowds from all over China and beyond. As the drivers prepare for what promises to be an exciting race, fans around the world are eagerly anticipating the weekend's activities. With Vettel looking to continue his winning streak, and Button and McLaren hoping to upset the odds, the Chinese Grand Prix is sure to provide plenty of drama and excitement for all who tune in to watch.