article: Kieron Dyer and Titus Bramble have slammed the Rooney Rule, saying they don't want to be shortlisted for a coaching job just because they are black. The Ipswich Town coaches, back at the Championship side where they once played, believe they should be judged on their merits, not their skin colour. The Rooney Rule is a practice in which every NFL franchise is required to shortlist and interview at least one black or ethnic minority candidate when looking for a new head coach. Kieron Dyer (centre), currently a coach at Ipswich, says the Rooney Rule should not be used in football . Bramble, a former England defender and now Ipswich Under 11 coach, told The Telegraph: 'At the moment, I think the Rooney Rule is a disgrace. 'I think it’s disgraceful that someone might be shortlisted for the job just because of their skin colour. 'You could say it’s just as bad being given a job because of your skin colour as it is not being given a job.' Titus Bramble (left) and Dyer in their Ipswich days; both also had long stints at Newcastle United . Dyer, another former England player who made a name for himself at Newcastle, also strongly believes the Rooney Rule wouldn't work here, despite it being a relative success in America. He said: 'I want to be interviewed because the chairman wants to interview me. 'I don’t want to be interviewed because it’s filling a quota. I don’t want to be on a shortlist because football clubs are told I have to be because I’m black. Keith Curle, manager of League Two Carlisle United, is one of only two black bosses in the top four divisions . Huddersfield boss Chris Powell, formerly of Charlton, is the only other black manager working in England . 'I don’t agree with the Rooney Rule either. That’s me personally, it doesn’t mean it hasn’t worked in America, but I don’t like the idea here.' Only 19 out of the 552 senior coaching positions at England's 92 league clubs are held by black and ethnic minority (BME) coaches, according to new report by the Sports Person's Think Tank. Only 3.4 per cent of the coaches employed come from BME backgrounds despite making up 25 per cent of professional players.
highlights: The Ipswich Town coaches believe they should be judged on their merits . The Rooney Rule is a practice in which every NFL franchise is required to shortlist and interview at least one black or ethnic minority coach . Ex-Ipswich players Kieron Dyer and Titus Bramble are against the ruling . Only 19 out of the 552 senior coaching positions at England's 92 league clubs are held by black and ethnic minority (BME) coaches .
id: 1079c2b490d8838293dc0fd713be9c6452267ec5
chatgpt: Ipswich Town's coaches have recently expressed their opinions on the Rooney Rule, a policy practiced in the NFL that requires every franchise to shortlist and interview at least one black or ethnic minority coach. The coaches believe that they should be judged on their merits rather than being forced to adhere to a certain standard. Ex-Ipswich players Kieron Dyer and Titus Bramble have voiced their opposition to the Rooney Rule, and the statistics back up their viewpoint. Only 19 out of the 552 senior coaching positions at England's 92 league clubs are held by black and ethnic minority coaches. This indicates that there is a clear lack of diversity in the coaching ranks of football clubs in this country. While diversity is certainly an admirable goal, the approach taken by the NFL's Rooney Rule may not be the best solution. Rather than forcing clubs to interview minority candidates, it may be more effective to focus on providing equal opportunities and encouraging diverse applications for the job. This would allow coaches to be selected based on their abilities and accomplishments, rather than on their ethnicity. Furthermore, there is the possibility that the Rooney Rule could actually hurt the chances of minority coaches. If clubs feel that they are simply complying with a policy rather than actively seeking out the best candidate, then minority coaches may be viewed as an afterthought rather than a serious contender for the job. Ultimately, the goal should be to create a level playing field where coaches are selected based on their skills and experience, regardless of their race or ethnicity. The current lack of diversity in coaching positions highlights a need for change, but any action should be taken carefully to ensure that it is effective and addresses the root causes of the problem. In conclusion, Ipswich Town's coaches believe that they should be judged on their merits rather than being forced to adhere to a certain standard. The Rooney Rule is a policy practiced in the NFL that requires franchises to shortlist and interview at least one black or ethnic minority coach. Although the policy may have good intentions, there are concerns that it may not be the best method for increasing diversity in coaching positions. Instead, it may be more effective to focus on ensuring equal opportunities for all candidates, regardless of their background.