article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . Dangerous joke: Police say Angela Timmons, pictured, 54, who works at Virginia Colleges in Spartanburg County, texted her daughter just after 10 a.m. claiming she 'could hear gun shots being fired inside the school' A South Carolina woman was arrested today after an April Fools Day prank went terribly wrong. Police say Angela Timmons, 54, who works at Virginia Colleges in Spartanburg County, texted her daughter just after 10 a.m. claiming she 'could hear gun shots being fired inside the school.' However, the daughter, April Timmons, who lives in New York couldn't get hold of her mom after receiving the message and, c-oncerned, the 34-year-old proceeded to call 911 to report the incident. Sheriff's deputies swarmed the college where they discovered that no shooting had occurred. Sheriff Chuck Wright told WPTV that he was expecting to find a serious situation as he approached the school. 'I'm thinking Columbine High School, Sandy Hook, Virginia Tech,' he said. However, the daughter soon called back after receiving a second text from her mom explaining that it was a prank. When questioned by Spartanburg County Sheriff's Office deputies, Angela Timmons, who works in 'financial planning' for the school, according to her Facebook page, said she sent the text as a joke. She said she 'sent the text as an April Fools joke and that she has done such jokes on April Fools in the past.' In the message, Timmons claimed to her daughter that she was 'hiding in a bathroom for her own safety.' Scene: Sheriff's deputies swarmed the college, pictured, after the call but arrived to learn that no shooting had occurred. Worried: The daughter, April Timmons, right, who lives in New York couldn't get hold of her mom, left, after receiving the message and, concerned, the 34-year-old proceeded to call 911 . According to investigators, there was 'no record' on Timmons' cell phone indicating that she revealed to her daughter that the text 'was only a joke.' Wright said he was relieved there wasn't really a shooting but he said was very disappointed at the woman's poor choice. 'Text someone and tell them their tire's flat, that's funny,' Wright said. 'We're talking about death. It's real. The people of Sandy Hook, when they see this online they're not going to think it's very funny. I don't think it's very funny.' He said his deputies responded to the scene very quickly and were prepared to give their lives to save students and staff. Timmons was arrested and booked into the Spartanburg county Detention Center. She is being held there on charges including aggravated breach of peace and disturbing a school.
highlights: Police say Angela Timmons, 54, who works at Virginia Colleges in Spartanburg County, South Carolina, texted her daughter just after 10 a.m. Tuesday claiming she 'could hear gun shots being fired inside the school' However, the daughter, April Timmons, who lives in New York, couldn't get hold of her mom after receiving the message . Concerned, the 34-year-old proceeded to call 911 to report the incident . Sheriff's deputies rushed to the school expecting a massacre but learned it was a prank . Timmons was arrested and booked into the county jail on charges including aggravated breach of peace and disturbing a school .
id: 167a87f21a3d4f5f085b159955b825b5c6e18887
chatgpt: A woman is facing criminal charges after she allegedly sent a false text message claiming there was an active shooter on the campus of Virginia Colleges in Spartanburg County, South Carolina. Angela Timmons, a 54-year-old employee of the college, was arrested and charged with aggravated breach of peace and disturbing a school. Sheriff's deputies rushed to the school after Timmons' daughter, April Timmons, who lives in New York, called 911 to report the incident, according to a press release from the Spartanburg County Sheriff's Office. According to the release, Angela Timmons sent her daughter a text message just after 10 a.m. on Tuesday, claiming she "could hear gunshots being fired inside the school." April Timmons attempted to contact her mother but was unable to reach her. Concerned for her mother's safety, April Timmons proceeded to call 911 to report the incident. Sheriff's deputies were able to respond quickly to the scene, believing that they were responding to an active shooter situation. When they arrived, they found that there was no shooting or any active threat on the campus. Instead, they learned that Timmons' text message was a prank. The school was placed on lockdown for several hours as law enforcement officials searched the campus, but no evidence of a shooting was found. Sheriff Chuck Wright expressed frustration that valuable resources were expended in response to Timmons' false alarm. "It's just something we don't take lightly," Sheriff Wright said. "We're just lucky that no one was hurt." Angela Timmons was arrested and booked into the county jail on charges of aggravated breach of peace and disturbing a school. Her motive for the prank remains unknown. The incident is a reminder of the consequences of sending false messages about emergency situations. Law enforcement officials have expressed concern that such behavior can cause unnecessary panic and divert resources from real emergencies. "This is not a joke," Sheriff Wright said. "This is not something that you can do and get away with it." The Spartanburg County Sheriff's Office is encouraging anyone with information about the incident to come forward, and they are reminding individuals to use 911 responsibly and only in cases of genuine emergencies.