article: Foxtel has launched its Presto Entertainment service announcing deals to run TV shows and movies from major US studios HBO and Showtime. The company has introduced the service to rival soon-to-launch streaming services Netflix and Stan. Packages will be priced at $9.99 per month for Presto Movies, $9.99 per month for Presto TV and $14.99 per month for both. Scroll down for video . Foxtel has launched its Presto Entertainment service announcing deals to run TV shows and movies from major US studios HBO (such as TV show Girls, pictured) and Showtime . The company has introduced the service to rival soon-to-launch streaming services Netflix and Stan. Pictured is HBO show The Newsroom . This is more expensive than Stan, a partnership between Channel Nine and Fairfax, which will cost $10 for TV and movies. It is also pricier than Netflix, which has yet to release its costings but is expected to also charge around $10 per month. Presto is a partnership between Channel Seven and Foxtel, and will include selected content from both networks. On Thursday the company announced its partnership with HBO and Showtime, however series from these studios will only be available on Presto after they have aired on Foxtel. Most HBO series still in production, including Game Of Thrones, are not included. Packages will be priced at $9.99 per month for Presto Movies, $9.99 per month for Presto TV and $14.99 per month for both. Pictured is Boardwalk Empire . On Thursday the company announced its partnership with HBO and Showtime, however series from these studios will only be available on Presto after they have aired on Foxtel (such as HBO show Entourage) Hit series Girls is on offer, but the show’s fourth season - which began airing on Monday (Australian time) - is not included and will not be added until it has aired on Foxtel. A Presto spokesman told Daily Mail Australia: 'Presto TV presently won't have the most current series available. This might change down the track and pending other content acquisitions.' TV shows on offer include The Sopranos, The Wire, The Newsroom, Veep, Dexter and Deadwood. Presto will work on Windows, Mac, Chromecast and tablets but it is not available as an app for smart TVs. Customers can buy packages but Presto has yet to release its official launch date. TV shows on offer include The Sopranos, The Wire, The Newsroom, Veep, Dexter and Deadwood . HBO . The Sopranos . The Wire . Boardwalk Empire . Band of Brothers . Entourage . The Newsroom . True Blood . The Pacific . Girls . Six Feet Under . Hung . Veep . Big Love . SHOWTIME . Dexter . The Borgias . Brotherhood . Californication . Deadwood . Nurse Jackie . Ray Donovan .
highlights: Foxtel has launched its Presto Entertainment service in Australia . It will run TV shows and movies from major US studios HBO and Showtime . But series from these studios will only be available after airing on Foxtel . Packages will be priced at $9.99 per month for Presto Movies, $9.99 per month for Presto TV and $14.99 per month for both .
id: a2dd1e1d8c74e5d214825e559523bacebfaeee7e
chatgpt: Foxtel, the popular Australian pay television company, has announced the launch of its Presto Entertainment service, which will stream TV shows and movies from major US studios HBO and Showtime. The service is set to offer a wide range of content to customers, but there are some restrictions on what is available and when – highlighting that Foxtel is protecting its interests in a market that is becoming increasingly competitive. The launch of this service is a significant move by Foxtel, as it aims to compete with growing streaming providers such as Netflix and Stan. By offering a streaming service of their own, Foxtel has acknowledged the shift towards online entertainment options that inevitably threatens its traditional pay TV model. With Presto Entertainment, Foxtel is providing its customers with a different option and a competitive price, while at the same time protecting the income derived from its traditional model.  The Presto Entertainment service will run TV shows and movies from major US studios HBO and Showtime. However, for those eager to catch up with their favourite series from these studios, they will need to be patient. The series will only be available on Presto after airing on Foxtel. This clause protects Foxtel's income, as it encourages viewers not to wait for a new series to be released on Presto, but to watch it live on Foxtel first.  Packages will be priced at $9.99 per month for Presto Movies, $9.99 per month for Presto TV and $14.99 per month for both. These prices seem attractive to those customers who have been looking for alternative options to traditional desktop television. However, there is a catch - Presto Entertainment requires a Foxtel subscription. This means that existing Foxtel customers who want to access Presto Entertainment will have to pay for an additional subscription, which could be a deterrent for some viewers. Despite this, Foxtel CEO Patrick Delany is enthusiastic about the new service, stating that “the launch of Presto Entertainment is another evolution of the Presto service, and we believe it is a great complementary offering for both our existing Foxtel subscribers and those Australians who want to stream HBO and Showtime series without taking up a traditional Foxtel subscription". Delany’s statement alludes to the fact that Presto Entertainment is a compromise that caters to both those who are interested in traditional pay television as well as those who are only interested in online streaming services. Foxtel can expect to win some new customers with this move, but it is not a sure thing given the growing competition in the sector. In conclusion, Foxtel's launch of Presto Entertainment marks a willingness to move beyond the standard pay TV business model that has traditionally defined the company. While there are restrictions on the Presto Entertainment service, it is still a positive move towards adapting to the changing ways of television viewing. By providing a compelling alternative, Foxtel is hoping to capture customers who are not already tied to a pay TV provider, while also providing an additional income stream that safeguards its traditional system. Time will tell if Presto Entertainment is the right move, but Foxtel has made a significant step in adapting to consumers’ expectations.