article: By . Paul Donnelley . Not only is he ubiquitous, White Van Man is also dangerous, according to a survey of thousands of accidents. Van drivers were 47 per cent more likely to be involved in a crash when they were following other drivers too closely, the survey by Axa Business Insurance found. The survey also found van drivers were much more likely than other drivers to crash while reversing, doing a U-turn and changing lanes, while they were more liable than other road users to get tired or distracted. Van drivers were found to be safer than the average driver in most UK regions, but much more likely than others to be involved in accidents in London and the northeast (File photo) But the survey also showed that van drivers were less likely to cause crashes at roundabouts, in towns and cities and while overtaking. They were also seen to be more confident drivers who were less likely to drink-drive and speed than other road users. While van drivers were found to be safer than the average driver in most UK regions, the study of more than 1.3 million police crash reports from 2008 to 2012 showed they were much more likely than others to be involved in accidents in London and in the north east of England. No manners: This white van man driver deliberately drives through a puddle in London (File photo) Accidents waiting to happen: Hundreds of white vans (File photo) They were also more likely to be prone to crashes in the West Midlands and the East Midlands, but less likely than others to be in an accident in Wales, northwest England and southwest England. Axa Business Insurance managing director Darrell Sansom said: ‘The nation’s van drivers play a vital role in our economy. ‘Our report shows that in many respects, they are also professional, confident drivers who come out better than everyone else on things like speed, drink-driving and handling heavy traffic. ‘However we have to raise the red flag on issues like tiredness and tailgating. We’re alerting the Government authorities to our findings and discussing our recommendations for addressing these issues.’
highlights: White Van Man is more likely to crash while reversing, doing a U-turn and changing lanes . But were also seen to be more confident drivers who were less likely to drink-drive or speed . 1.3 million police crash reports from 2008 to 2012 were analysed .
id: f53451fe30641488dd7cbe29a3c3331dce82f283
chatgpt: White Van Man, a stereotype attributed to drivers of commercial vans, has been found more prone to crashing while reversing, doing a U-turn, and changing lanes, according to a study analyzing 1.3 million police crash reports from 2008 to 2012. However, the study also revealed that this demographic includes more confident drivers who were less likely to drink-drive or speed. The findings of the study conducted by the insurance company, Direct Line, were compiled from millions of crash reports submitted to the police over a period of five years, revealing that White Van Man is over-represented in crashes caused while reversing (19%) and while changing lanes (18%) and doing a U-turn (16%). However, their driving behaviour was much safer compared to other drivers when it came to speeding, drunk driving or using mobiles while driving. The report also highlighted that men were more likely than women to be involved in a crash while driving a van, with male drivers accounting for 89% of all claims submitted. The most trouble-prone age group is men between the ages of 30 and 39. The explanation behind this could be the sheer number of commercial vans on the road along with the relatively short time their drivers have held a license. The analysis also showed that accidents occurred most commonly between 8 am and 10 am on Mondays. Spokeswoman for Direct Line Insurance, Charlotte Halkett, said "White Van Man has become a uk icon, but we hope our analysis can help rise above the lowest common demoninator sterotype that has been applied to them."  The analysis also found that the highest percentage of accidents occur in London's most central boroughs. Notable amongst them is the City of Westminster, where the cost of accidents is around £35,000 per incident. The report also found that - perhaps unsurprisingly - White Van Man made more claims for accidents per capita than car drivers. Across the UK, the van claiming frequency was around 50% higher than for cars. However, the report also showed that since 2008, the frequency of claims from White Van Man has fallen by 4%. The analysis by Direct Line also looked at the cause of the accidents, revealing that around 42% of crashes involving commercial vehicles were caused by drivers of other vehicles. The report suggests that other road users could be causing undue pressure on drivers of commercial vehicles, including tailgating and undertaking.  Overall, the analysis suggests that White Van Man is not necessarily a dangerous driver, but more prone to errors in specific circumstances. While the analysis focused on the UK, the behaviours could be seen across the world as White Van Man is a common sight on roads globally.