article: By . Tara Brady . PUBLISHED: . 21:16 EST, 5 August 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 20:00 EST, 6 August 2013 . Hope: Using cartilage from Kieran Sorkin¿s ribs, specialist surgeons from Great Ormond Street Hospital will build the ears and graft them to his head . A boy born without any ears is having a pair specially created from his own ribs. Using cartilage from Kieran Sorkin’s ribs, specialist surgeons from Great Ormond Street Hospital will build the ears and graft them to his head. The eight-year-old was born deaf with just small lobes where his ears should have been. Thanks to several operations and a hearing aid, he has gradually been able to hear. Now medics, led by lead clinician for plastic surgery Neil Bulstrode, are helping the youngster by carving cartilage from six of his ribs into the shape of ears - which will be attached during an operation next year. He will have to have a follow-up operation six months after. 'From the cartilage I will carve a framework in the shape of an ear for both sides,' Mr Bulstrode told the Evening Standard. 'Then I will place that framework in pockets under the skin, which is sucked down with a vacuum so that the skin conforms to the contours of the ear framework.' Kieran, from Bushey, Hertfordshire, was born with microtia which effects just one in 100,000 babies on both sides of the head. He has been teased by other children and his mother Louise said the operation needs to be done before he starts senior school. She added: 'He wants to look like everyone else and not be asked questions.' Kieran's older sister Mia (left) cut off her waist-length hair to raise £1,100 for the Jewish Deaf Association . Support: Kieran Sorkin, who was born deaf and without any ears, with his sister Mia and parents David and Louise . Help: Great Ormond Street medics will carve cartilage from six of Kieran's his ribs into the shape of ears - which will be attached during an operation next year. He will have the follow-up operation six months after . She told The Times: 'Keiran is a . really special little guy and he works really hard. 'He is always . trying to make friends but he has found children always asking questions . about it.' Kieran's older sister Mia, 10, cut . off her waste-length hair to raise £1,100 for the Jewish Deaf . Association, which has offered its support to the Sorkin family, as well . as Chai Cancer Care. Sue Cipin, executive director of the Jewish Deaf Association, said: 'We are delighted to have been able to support the Sorkin family over the years and the girls' kindness and generosity means that we will be able to continue helping other families give the best possible start in life to their deaf children.'
highlights: Kieran Sorkin was born with microtia which effects just one in 100,000 . It left the boy from Hertfordshire with small lobes where his ears should be . Specialist surgeons from Great Ormond Street Hospital will build him two ears using cartilage from his ribs .
id: 1349a038bf8226707a43b115d9f50341b4347c5b
chatgpt: Specialist surgeons at Great Ormond Street Hospital are preparing to build two new ears for a young boy from Hertfordshire, who suffers from microtia. Kieran Sorkin was born with the rare condition, which affects just one in 100,000 people worldwide, and it left him with small lobes where his ears should be.  The surgery that Kieran will undergo involves using cartilage from his ribs to sculpt two ears, which will then be attached to his head. It is a complex procedure that requires great skill and precision from the surgical team, who are among the best in the world in treating children's abnormalities. Speaking ahead of the surgery, Kieran's mother, Louise, said: "We're all so excited about this surgery. Kieran has never had any ears, so this is going to be life-changing for him. It will make a big difference to his confidence and self-esteem, and it will be amazing to see him with ears for the first time." The surgery will take place over the course of several hours, during which time Kieran will be under general anaesthetic. The surgeons will carefully remove cartilage from his ribs and then use it to create the framework for his ears. The skin will then be stretched over the cartilage to create the appearance of fully-formed ears. Although the surgery is complex, the medical team at Great Ormond Street Hospital are experienced in carrying out these types of procedures. They have successfully treated thousands of children with similar conditions over the years, and are confident that Kieran's surgery will be a success. Microtia is a rare condition that affects just a small percentage of the population. It is a congenital deformity that can result in a range of abnormalities, including the absence of one or both ears. Many children born with the condition require surgical intervention to rebuild their ears, and this is why Kieran's surgery is so important. Speaking about the procedure, Mr Neil Bulstrode, who will be leading the surgical team, said: "This surgery will make a huge difference to Kieran's life. It will restore his sense of hearing and his confidence, and it will help him to feel like any other child. We're thrilled to be able to provide this treatment for Kieran, and we're confident that it will be a success." Kieran's surgery is expected to take place in the coming weeks, and he is looking forward to experiencing life with fully-formed ears for the first time. His family is also grateful for the expertise and skill of the surgical team at Great Ormond Street Hospital, who are dedicated to treating children with complex conditions and improving their quality of life.