article: China's unique white dolphins -- famous for the actual pink hue of their skin -- face going from endangered to extinct -- with conservationists doubtful they can be saved. "We've seen alarming decline in the last decade -- 158 dolphins in 2003, just 61 dolphins in 2012," says Samuel Hung, Chairman of the Hong Kong Dolphin Conservation Society. "We are at a critical juncture on whether we can help the dolphins," adds Hung. "I have no idea whether they will keep going down and down -- but what I do know is we need to work urgently to come up with solutions to clean up the dolphin's habitat." Land reclamation for massive engineering projects, resulting water pollution and boat strikes have exacted a heavy toll on the white dolphin population, which is mainly found in the waters of Hong Kong's Pearl River Delta in southern China. In 2016, the first automobiles are expected to roll across the 42-kilometer Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macau bridge, respectively connecting the Asian financial hub with the Chinese mainland's "special economic zone" and the world's gambling capital. Now under construction, the world's longest cross-sea bridge and tunnel link will go "right through the heart of the dolphin population," says Hung. "There will be lots of piling activities to construct the bridge." By 2023, Hong Kong aims to complete a third runway for Chep Lap Kok international airport, already one of the world's busiest. In the absence of soil on which to build, 650 hectares of land -- an area more than 5,000 Olympic-sized swimming pools -- will be reclaimed from the sea.  The area is also prime habitat for the Chinese white dolphin. The Hong Kong government has also proposed four additional land reclamation projects in dolphin-populated areas that aim to increase the amount of land on which to build in order to bring down the high cost of housing, adds Hung. Yet, despite Hong Kong's plans for numerous engineering projects that will impact the white dolphins' habitats, the founder of the 10-year old Hong Kong Dolphin Conservation Society says he "actually applauds" the government's conservation efforts. "I don't doubt their desire to conserve," explains Hung, who adds that the Hong Kong government has provided more than $1 million Hong Kong dollars (US$125,000) each year for environmental research funds, set up a marine protection park for the white dolphins and helped monitor dolphin population numbers. "But it's the other bureaus who want to push economic projects" including Hong Kong's Airport Authority and the Civil Engineering and Development Department, says Hung. "The economic departments are more influential so our voice for conservation work is drowned out by the voice for construction."
highlights: China's white dolphin population has fallen more than 60% from 2003 to 2012 . Hong Kong Dolphin Conservation Society chairman says fall is "alarming decline" Plans for world's longest bridge-tunnel link, third airport runway impacting dolphin habitats .
id: 900d58e057890c177cfcd2812a5b748d933c8b72
chatgpt: In recent years, concerns have been increasing over the rapid decline in China's white dolphin population. According to a recent study, the population of these rare creatures has fallen more than 60% from 2003 to 2012. This alarming decline has sparked fears that the species may soon become extinct in the region. The Hong Kong Dolphin Conservation Society (HKDCS) has been closely monitoring the situation and has raised concerns over the impact of several major infrastructure projects in the region on the dolphin population. With plans underway to build the world's longest bridge-tunnel link and a third runway at the Hong Kong International Airport, fears are that the already endangered dolphins will be at even greater risk. The HKDCS chairman, Samuel Hung, has stated that the decline in the white dolphin population is an "alarming decline" and that urgent action is needed to protect this important species. He has pointed out that the construction of a third runway at the airport would result in extensive dredging and reclamation of sea areas, which would have a devastating impact on the dolphin habitats. The proposed bridge-tunnel link, which will connect Hong Kong and Macau, will also have a significant impact on the white dolphin population. The project includes a submerged tunnel that will require extensive drilling and blasting, which could cause significant underwater noise pollution, further endangering the dolphins. The decline in the white dolphin population has already had a significant impact on the local tourism industry, which relies heavily on dolphin watching tours. With fewer dolphins in the region, there are concerns that tourists will lose interest in visiting the area, which could have a devastating impact on the broader economy. There are now calls for the Chinese government to take urgent action to protect the white dolphin population and to rethink its infrastructure projects in the region. Environmental groups are urging the government to carry out comprehensive environmental impact assessments before approving any new projects that could have an impact on the habitat of the dolphins. The Chinese government has already taken some steps to protect the white dolphins, including setting up protected areas and carrying out surveys to monitor the population. However, these measures are not sufficient to halt the rapid decline in the numbers of dolphins in the region. The latest findings on the decline of the white dolphin population have renewed concerns over the impact of human activity on the environment and the need for urgent action to protect vulnerable species. The HKDCS and other environmental groups are calling for greater awareness of the importance of preserving the natural world and the need for sustainable development that takes into account the impact on wildlife and their habitats.