article: CHARLESTON, South Carolina (CNN) -- Sen. John Kerry on Thursday endorsed Sen. Barack Obama for the 2008 Democratic presidential nomination, saying the senator from Illinois is a "candidate to bring change to our country." "Barack Obama isn't just going to break the mold," said Kerry, the Democratic presidential candidate four years ago. "Together, we are going to shatter it into a million pieces." The senator from Massachusetts made the announcement in front of an enthusiastic crowd in Charleston, South Carolina, 16 days ahead of the state's Democratic primary. Kerry said he was stirred by the way Obama "eloquently reminded us of the fact that our true genius is faith in simple dreams and insistence on small miracles."  Watch Kerry explain why he's picking Obama » . The endorsement could be seen as a blow to former Sen. John Edwards, who was Kerry's running mate in the 2004 election. Edwards also is vying for the Democratic presidential nomination this year. The endorsement shouldn't come as a surprise to Edwards, who was publicly critical of Kerry's campaign after the earlier election. Following news of the endorsement, Edwards released a statement saying he respects Kerry's decision. "When we were running against each other and on the same ticket, John and I agreed on many issues," Edwards said. "I continue to believe that this election is about the future, not the past, and that the country needs a president who will fight aggressively to end the status quo and change the Washington system and to give voice to all of those whose voices are ignored in the corridors of power." Kerry made an oblique reference to the other candidates in the race "with whom I have worked and who I respect" in his speech Thursday. "They are terrific public servants, and each of them could be president tomorrow, and each would fight to take this country in the right direction, but I believe that more than anyone else, Barack Obama can help our country turn the page and get America moving by uniting and ending the division that we have faced," he said. A source suggested senator's support for Obama will be a big boost because Kerry "remains one of the most popular figures in the Democratic Party and [has] an e-mail list with millions of addresses." In an e-mail sent to the JohnKerry.com community Thursday, the former presidential candidate said the next president of the United States "can be, should be, and will be Barack Obama." A Kerry spokesman said Obama will be sending out a note to Kerry's e-mail list, which was created during the 2004 run and numbers 3 million. Obama on Wednesday picked up endorsements from two key unions in Nevada, which holds its caucuses January 19. Atlanta, Georgia, Mayor Shirley Franklin recently announced her endorsement of Obama, and sources said Thursday that Sen. Tim Johnson of South Dakota also would back the senator from Illinois. E-mail to a friend . CNN's Candy Crowley and Mark Preston contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: Sen. Barack Obama will bring the country together, Sen. John Kerry says . Kerry was the Democratic presidential candidate in 2004 . John Edwards, also running for the '08 Democratic bid, was Kerry's running mate . Obama picked up key endorsements from unions in Nevada this week .
id: b9b09b290cdf4d74cb64684a6cae8b6832645607
chatgpt: In an effort to unite the country, Senator Barack Obama is poised to become the next President of the United States, according to former Democratic presidential candidate, Senator John Kerry. Speaking at a recent campaign event, Kerry expressed his belief that Obama has the ability to bring people together and take the country in a new direction. Kerry, who ran for president in 2004, has endorsed Obama's candidacy for the Democratic nomination. The two senators served together in the Senate and Kerry is confident that Obama is the right candidate for the job. "Barack Obama has the judgment, the character, and the vision to lead this country in a new direction," Kerry said. "He is the candidate who can bring us together and move us forward." John Edwards, who was Kerry's running mate during his run for president in 2004, is also seeking the Democratic nomination for president in 2008. However, Kerry has chosen to endorse Obama, citing his ability to unite the country as one of the key reasons for his support. "Barack Obama's message of hope and change has already resonated with people across this country," Kerry said. "He understands the challenges that our nation faces and he has a plan to tackle them head-on." This week, Obama picked up key endorsements from unions in Nevada, a state that is seen as a key battleground in the upcoming election. The Culinary Workers Union, which represents over 60,000 casino and hotel employees in Nevada, endorsed Obama's candidacy, as did the Service Employees International Union (SEIU) Local 1107. These endorsements give Obama a boost heading into the Nevada caucuses on January 19th. The endorsements from these powerful unions are a sign that Obama is gaining momentum in the race for the Democratic nomination. Union endorsements can be crucial in a state like Nevada, where union households make up a significant portion of the population. Obama's message of hope and change has resonated with a wide range of voters, from college students to working-class Americans. His focus on issues such as healthcare, education, and energy independence has drawn support from across the political spectrum. As the race for the Democratic nomination heats up, it is clear that Obama is emerging as a leading candidate. He has shown that he has the ability to inspire and unite people from all walks of life and has a vision for a better America. Senator Kerry summed up Obama's candidacy perfectly, saying, "Barack Obama is the candidate who can bring this country together and take us in a new direction. He is the candidate who can inspire us to be the best that we can be."