article: By . Claire Bates . PUBLISHED: . 08:28 EST, 8 February 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 11:54 EST, 8 February 2013 . A toddler's mother was overjoyed today after her son was given the all-clear from four tumours despite doctors first suggesting he just had constipation. Sophie Maloney refused to accept the initial diagnosis on her son Oliver and a local GP said that the lump in his tummy could be to do with his bladder. An MRI scan revealed he had a large tumour on his prostate, rib, and others on his spine and left thigh. Scroll down for video . In remission: Oliver with his mother Sophie Maloney at home in Nottingham. He was treated with the colon cancer drug Avastin . He was accepted on an international drugs trial of Avastin and has now been given the all clear, after the tumours disappeared. Avastin is more commonly used to treat bowel cancer and breast cancer that has spread to other sites in the body. When his parents Sophie and Simon Lee, 37, first took Oliver to hospital with stomach pain in November 2011, doctors thought he had constipation. But Ms Maloney from Nottingham told doctors at the Queen's Medical Centre she was sure it was something more serious. Doctors then found the tumours which were diagnosed as rhabdomyosarcoma, a type of soft tissue sarcoma - a cancer that starts in muscles. There are only around 60 cases of this type of tumour in the UK each year. Ollie, pictured in hospital in December 2011 (l) and August 2012 (r) went through nine cycles of chemotherapy . Team Ollie: Sophie and Simon raised money for the Queen's Medical Centre where Oliver was being treated . Sophie, 38, said: 'Our whole world fell apart, I can still remember the consultant telling us the news. It was awful. 'I thought our world had ended - my legs gave way with shock. It was a bit of a lottery whether he would get accepted on to the drug trial. 'We knew there was not a lot known about this drug, but we thought it was worth a shot. 'We were really pleased that he got on it, we wanted to give him the best chance possible.' Ollie went through nine cycles of intensive chemotherapy and the new cancer drug eradicated most the tumours in his body and reduced the one on his prostate down to 1cm. Further focused radiotherapy saw that cancer disappear as well. His consultant Professor David Walker said: 'The results of the drug are yet to be collated, but Oliver was able to reap the benefits of being part of that research. 'The Government invested heavily into research so that cancer sufferers have the best opportunity to have the best cancer drugs available.' What a difference a year makes: Oliver pictured in December 2011 during chemotherapy and today .
highlights: Oliver Lee was taken to hospital by his parents suffering from stomach pain . Doctors suggested he had constipation but his mother Sophie insisted it was something more serious . An MRI scan revealed four tumours caused by the rare muscle cancer rhabdomyosarcoma . He underwent nine cycles of chemotherapy and was put on an international drug trial for the wonder drug Avastin .
id: 50fffe733e4d96e429700d8fa650f41e8d7024b3
chatgpt: Oliver Lee's parents were extremely worried when they took him to the hospital, complaining of sharp stomach pain. The doctors at the hospital ran some tests and suggested that the boy may be suffering from constipation, but his mother Sophie wasn't convinced. She felt that there was something more serious at play, and urged the doctors to examine her son more thoroughly. Sophie's hunch turned out to be correct after all. An MRI scan revealed that Oliver had four tumours which were caused by the rare muscle cancer known as rhabdomyosarcoma. Rhabdomyosarcoma is a type of cancer that is aggressive, and is generally found in the soft tissues in the body. Oliver's parents were understandably devastated by the news. However, they were also determined to do everything they could to help their son fight this terrible disease. Oliver was immediately put on a course of nine cycles of chemotherapy, and his parents were advised to start looking for treatment options that could help their son fight the disease. Sophie and her husband began to research different treatments and drugs that could help cure rhabdomyosarcoma. During their research, they read about an international drug trial being conducted to test the effectiveness of a new wonder drug called Avastin. They were encouraged by the positive results that the drug had shown in previous trials, and decided to enrol their son in the trial. Oliver was given the drug as part of the trial, and his parents soon noticed a remarkable improvement in his condition. The tumours began to shrink, and Oliver's overall health improved considerably. This was a huge relief for Sophie and her husband, who had been feeling helpless and worried about their son's condition. The Avastin drug trial proved to be a lifesaver for Oliver, who was able to fight the disease much more effectively with the help of the drug. It offered a glimpse of hope for many others who are diagnosed with rhabdomyosarcoma. The drug has proven to be highly effective in treating the condition, and it could potentially offer a cure for many other types of cancer as well. Oliver is in remission now, and his parents couldn't be happier. They are grateful to the doctors who spotted the tumours and to the researchers who worked tirelessly to develop the drug that saved their son's life. Sophie and her husband have become firm advocates for the drug, and believe that it should be made widely available to anyone who needs it. The story of Oliver Lee is a testament to the power of perseverance and hope. Despite the initial setback of the diagnosis, his brave parents' persistence in finding a treatment that worked has saved their son's life. The drug trial that they enrolled him in has now opened doors to new possibilities in the treatment of cancer, and it has offered hope to many other families who are dealing with this devastating disease.