article: Havana, Cuba (CNN) -- If Diana Nyad never realizes her dream of swimming the Florida straits, it won't be for lack of trying. The 64-year-old began her fifth and last bid to swim from Cuba to the United States on Saturday morning. Previous attempts were thwarted by dehydration, ocean currents and excruciating jellyfish stings to her tongue. "There's the fine line between seeing that things are bigger than you and letting your ego go," Nyad said at a news conference in Havana Friday. "And there's another edge over that fine line where you don't ever want to give up and I am still at that place!" Were Nyad to swim the 103 miles from Havana to the Florida Keys, she would be the first person to do so without the benefits of a shark cage, flippers or wet suit. And it would validate her attempts, which have spanned 35 years. In 1997, Australian endurance swimmer Susie Maroney, then 22, completed the swim from within a shark cage. Along with the protection the cage offers against toothy predators, swimmers say the cage provides a barrier against waves and other weather hazards. Since Maroney's swim, some of the world's best endurance swimmers have tried to cross the straits of Florida without using a cage. All have been turned back. But few have done so as persistently or as colorfully as Nyad. The Key West, Florida, resident says she feels a special bond with Cubans and hopes her repeated efforts to swim between the two countries will help improve the still-tense relations between Havana and Washington. Nyad often tried to communicate in rudimentary Spanish during the news conference Friday. She has said that during her long swims, she sings the Cuban ballad, "Guantanmera," to herself hundreds of times. Cuban authorities said that after her latest attempt was announced in state media, they received a barrage of suggestions from across the island on how she could ward off the stinging jellyfish that ended previous attempts. This time, Nyad said, she will wear surgical gloves and a specially designed prosthetic face mask to prevent the jellyfish from stinging her. "It took us a year, we made mold after mold," Nyad said of the mask, adding it was the kind used to protect people who had suffered injuries to their faces. "It's a two-edged sword for me. It's cumbersome, it's difficult to swim with, but it doesn't matter. I am safe. There's no other way." Nyad will be accompanied by a 35-member crew aboard two sail boats. They will monitor her health, update her progress on social media and try to ward off sharks that might view her as a potential snack. If all goes to plan, Nyad said, the swim will take her three days to finish. CNN's Matt Sloane contributed to this report.
highlights: Her attempts started 35 years ago . She hopes to swim the 103 miles from Havana to the Florida Keys . If she's successful, she'll be the first person to do so without a shark cage, flippers or wet suit . During her long swims, she sings Cuban ballad, "Guantanmera," to herself .
id: 03ca82f4fe1e7ca67b9e17b6085f92df24a42ff1
chatgpt: After 35 years of attempts, a woman is set to attempt the historic swim from Havana to the Florida Keys without a shark cage, flippers or a wetsuit. If she is successful, it will be the first time anyone has ever done so. Diana Nyad, 64, has been dreaming of this swim since she was in her twenties. She has attempted it four times in the past, but each time, she was forced to abandon the swim due to adverse weather or medical problems. However, Nyad is determined to achieve her goal of swimming the 103 miles across the Straits of Florida. The swim will be grueling and dangerous, as the waters are known for strong currents, jellyfish, and the constant threat of sharks. However, Nyad has been preparing for this swim for months, both mentally and physically. She has been training rigorously, swimming up to 12 hours per day, and has been working with a team of experts to plan every aspect of the swim. Nyad’s determination is fueled by her love for the water and the Cuban ballad, "Guantanamera," which she often sings to herself during her long swims. She recently described her love for the song, saying, "It's my mantra, my meditation. It's the song that brings me comfort, that brings me strength when I'm in the middle of the ocean." Nyad’s swim will start in Havana and will end in the Florida Keys. She will have a support team accompanying her on a boat, which will provide her with food and water throughout the swim. Her team will also be monitoring her health and safety, as well as keeping an eye out for any lurking sharks. Nyad’s previous attempts at this historic swim have been met with disappointment, but she remains focused on achieving her goal. She knows that this journey is not just about her personal accomplishment, but it is also about inspiring others to never give up on their dreams. Nyad's story is an inspiration to many who are working to achieve their own goals. She has shown that with hard work, determination, and patience, anything is possible. Her journey is a testament to the human spirit and to the power of the human body to overcome some of the toughest challenges. As Nyad prepares to embark on her journey, the world will be watching her with anticipation and hope. She embodies the spirit of courage, passion, and perseverance, and her story will inspire generations to come.