article: By . David Kent . Darren Fletcher believes the 'fear factor' will return to Old Trafford this season under Louis van Gaal. The Manchester United midfielder scored the winning penalty as Van Gaal's winning start to his reign continued against Inter Milan on Tuesday night. After a goalless 90 minutes in Washington, United converted each of their five penalties, with Fletcher slotting home the decisive kick. Roar: Darren Fletcher celebrates after scoring the winning penalty for Manchester United against Inter Milan . Winner: Fletcher firs home his penalty from the spot as Louis Van Gaal extended his winning start . Last season was Manchester United's worst at home since the Premier League began. And the Scotland international said: 'The fear factor will be back at Old Trafford next season, don’t worry about that.' United lost seven Premier League games at home last season as they slumped to a seventh place finish. Fletcher's team-mate Luke Shaw, meanwhile, insists he is not afraid of working hard to be ready for the new league season. In a frank interview following United's penalty shoot-out win, the left-back conceded Van Gaal had every right to criticise him over his lack of fitness. Van Gaal revealed at a press conference on Monday that he has had to devise a special training programme for Shaw, who turned up for pre-season out of shape after three weeks off. 'Obviously I have seen that, and it's something I totally agree with,' Shaw said when asked about Van Gaal's press conference comments. 'To play in this formation you have to be really fit. I am fit but I am not at the high level he demands. 'I have got to get fitter to get up and down (the wing). It's something I have got to work on.' Van Gaal, meanwhile, praised his side after their shoot out victory. 'I am very pleased,' he said. 'I think we played by far the best match of our sequence of three. 'They only had one shot on our goal and that was given by the referee [a free-kick], but I think we also created six or seven chances, so then it is seven against one. 'I was very pleased with our ball possession; it was much better than the other matches. And I think also the positions were better covered. 'So I was tonight very pleased with the performance of my players, both in the first half and the second half.' Blow: United lost to West Brom at Old Trafford early last season . Gets worse: Everton also inflicted a home defeat on the deposed Premier League champions . VIDEO Van Gaal positive but looking for defensive reinforcements .
highlights: Manchester United continued their winning form against Inter Milan . Darren Fletcher scored the winning penalty in Washington . Midfielder then vowed the fear factor will be back at Old Trafford . United lost seven Premier League games at home last season .
id: 719c3caa6b41aebf167cfa32ce89e7310ca554d0
chatgpt: Manchester United fans around the world will have breathed a sigh of relief as the Red Devils continued their impressive winning form by securing a victory over Italian giants Inter Milan in Washington. Darren Fletcher was the hero of the hour as he scored the winning penalty to ensure United maintained their 100% pre-season record ahead of the new campaign. The Scottish midfielder has struggled with injuries in recent years, but his performance against Inter Milan will give boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer a lot of optimism going into the new season. Speaking after the game, Fletcher vowed that the "fear factor" will be back at Old Trafford this season after a disappointing campaign last time out. United lost seven Premier League games at home last season, and Fletcher is determined to ensure that they do not repeat that feat this time around. "We need to make Old Trafford a fortress again, and we'll do that by playing with confidence and aggression," said Fletcher. "I'm feeling good after tonight's performance, and I'm sure the other lads are too. We know what we're capable of, and we're determined to show it this season." Solskjaer has brought in some exciting young talent during the summer transfer window, including Jadon Sancho from Borussia Dortmund and Raphael Varane from Real Madrid. The Norwegian coach knows that the pressure is on to deliver a trophy this season, but he believes that the squad he has assembled is more than capable of challenging for major honours. "We know that we have to be at our best every week if we want to win trophies," said Solskjaer. "But we have a talented squad with a lot of depth, and I believe that we can do great things this season." The win over Inter Milan will give Solskjaer and his team a lot of confidence going into the new season, and they will be hoping to carry their winning form into their opening game against Leeds United on August 14. United fans will be especially pleased with the form of new signing Sancho, who has looked lively in his pre-season appearances so far. The England international scored his first goal for the club in the 2-1 win over QPR last week, and he will no doubt be a key player for Solskjaer's side this season. With the likes of Bruno Fernandes, Marcus Rashford, and Paul Pogba all still in the squad, there is no doubt that United have a lot of firepower going forward. If they can shore up their defence and make Old Trafford a fortress once again, then they will be a formidable force in the Premier League this season. There is still a long way to go, of course, and United will face some tough tests along the way. But the win over Inter Milan will have given Solskjaer and his players a lot of confidence, and they will be eager to get the new season underway and show what they can do.