article: (CNN) -- "Everything happens for a reason," the saying goes. But when the little old lady who cuts in front of you in the lottery line wins the biggest Powerball jackpot ever, what good reason can be behind that? Mindy Crandell has an answer because that's what happened to her. The 34-year-old mother found out Wednesday that the old woman who stepped in front of her in the lottery line at the Zephyrhills, Florida, Publix supermarket last month bought the winning ticket for the $590 million jackpot. The jackpot winner, 84-year-old Gloria Mackenzie, thanked Crandell in a statement read by a Florida lottery official Wednesday. "While in line at Publix, another lottery player was kind enough to let me go ahead of them in line to purchase the winning quick-pick ticket," Mackenzie said. In fact, when Mackenzie got to the front of the line, the ticket clerk offered Crandell her spot back, according to a report from ABC News. But Crandell refused the offer. Mackenzie bought one computer-generated ticket that had the winning numbers: 10, 13, 14, 22 and 52 with a Powerball of 11. Mackenzie passed up a payout spread over 30 years for a somewhat smaller one-time lump sum, pocketing $370.9 million before taxes, lottery officials said. Friends later chided Crandell that she probably let the Powerball winner buy a ticket that should have been hers, ABC reported. Why you keep playing the lottery . "The joke was, that's the lady that's going to win it. I was like, 'Yeah right. No one is going to win from little Zephyrhills,'" Crandell, of nearby Dade City, is quoted as saying. So what one good reason beats out 590 million other ones? Crandell's 10-year-old daughter Mallory, who was in line with her mom at the Publix, found it. "Sometimes it's better to be patient than rich," Crandell said Mallory told her. There's also a lesson for lottery players here. If the line jockeying changed the time when the clerk would have hit the button to buy the ticket even by a split second, the numbers would have come up differently. "Each lottery terminal has its own random number generator, and there are a lot of factors," the Times quoted Florida Lottery spokesman David Bishop as saying. "If there was even a millisecond difference in the time between key strokes at the terminal, it would have changed the numbers." So when the next big payout comes up and you're in a long line for a ticket, think about that. And maybe let someone have your place in line. Or not.
highlights: $590 million Powerball winner thanks person who let her cut in line . Friends earlier chided woman that she'd let likely winner cut in front of her . "Better to be patient than rich," woman's daughter says .
id: 3020e1451c13ddf80fbd8aefbae993b4c2486b9d
chatgpt: In what can only be described as a heartwarming act of kindness, the winner of the $590 million Powerball jackpot has expressed her immense gratitude towards a stranger who let her cut in line at a convenience store.  The story goes that the anonymous woman was running late for work and decided to quickly stop by a convenience store to purchase a few items. When she arrived at the store, she was met with a long line of individuals waiting to purchase their lottery tickets. Despite the long wait time, the woman patiently waited her turn in line.  However, as fate would have it, a kind stranger allowed her to cut in front of them, allowing the woman to quickly purchase her lottery ticket and rush off to work. Unbeknownst to the stranger, that act of kindness would change the woman's life forever.  The woman, who has chosen to remain anonymous, has since come forward to claim her $590 million prize. In her statement, she expressed her immense gratitude towards the stranger who allowed her to cut in line. She stated that without that stranger's act of kindness, she may have missed her opportunity to buy the winning lottery ticket.  The news of the woman's win has shocked many, including her own friends and family. Prior to the woman's win, her friends had chided her for allowing the likely winner to cut in front of her. However, the woman's daughter has come to her mother's defense, stating that it's better to be patient than rich. Little did they know that their mother's patience would ultimately pay off in a big way.  As for the woman's plans for her newfound fortune, she has stated that she plans to use a portion of the money to pay off her debts and provide financial assistance to her loved ones. She also plans on traveling the world and seeing all the sights that she's always dreamed of.  The story of the woman who won the $590 million Powerball jackpot is a reminder that sometimes, a small act of kindness can truly change someone's life. It's a lesson that we can all learn from and a story that will surely be remembered for years to come.