article: The Pope has branded couples who choose not to have children 'selfish' and said they are part of a  'greedy generation.' The pontiff said it was a 'depressed society' that considered offspring to be a weight or a risk. Pope Francis made the remarks in front of a large crowd during his weekly general audience in St Peter's Square, Rome. The Pope has branded couples who choose not to have children 'selfish' during an address to a large crowd in St Peter's Square . The pontiff said it was a 'depressed society' that considered children to be a weight or a risk . Addressing the crowd, he said life 'rejuvenates' when children arrive and they 'enrich it.' 'A society with a greedy generation, that doesn't want to surround itself with children, that considers them above all worrisome, a weight, a risk, is a depressed society,' he said, the Guardian reported. 'The choice to not have children is selfish. Life rejuvenates and acquires energy when it multiplies: It is enriched, not impoverished.' Pope Francis said children 'rejuvenate' life . The Pope had to apologise for offending large Catholic families by saying that there was no need to breed 'like rabbits.' The Pope caused dismay among larger families last month when he cautioned 'responsible parenthood' advising that three children was 'about right'. Speaking during a press conference on a flight back from the Philippines, he said that 'Some think that in order to be good Catholics we have to be like rabbits. No. Responsible parenthood.' Vatican Archbishop Giovanni Becciu apologised on Pope Francis' behalf by saying 'the Pope is truly sorry' that his remarks about large families 'caused such disorientation'. Archbishop Becciu told the Italian bishop's newspaper Avvenire that the pope 'absolutely did not want to disregard the beauty and the value of large families.' Just last week Pope Francis said it is fine for parents to smack their children as punishment for misbehaving. 'One time, I heard a father say, "At times I have to hit my children a bit, but never in the face so as not to humiliate them".,' the Pope said. 'That's great. He had a sense of dignity. He should punish, do the right thing, and then move on.' His comments come after he was forced to apologise to large Catholic families after saying that there was no need to breed 'like rabbits .
highlights: Pope Francis told crowd couples who don't have children are 'selfish' Said it was a 'depressed society' that considered offspring a weight . Comments made to a large crowd in St Peter's Square, Rome . Come after he offended Catholics by saying there was no need to breed 'like rabbits'
id: 3c1ae61c30ad13be60238d4f6131ccd3fd7efa5c
chatgpt: Pope Francis has made some controversial remarks on parenthood during his audience with a large crowd in St. Peter's Square in Rome. He reportedly told the crowd that couples who choose not to have children are "selfish". Francis bemoaned the current society's view of offspring as a "weight" and a "liability for one's existence" and went on to express his sadness for this. The Pope's statements come in the wake of a previous comment he made about family planning. In 2015, he had told reporters during an in-flight interview that Catholics did not need to "breed like rabbits." This comment generated a lot of backlash from traditionalists, who felt that it was a departure from the Church's age-old teachings on procreation. The Pope's latest statement on parenthood was not received that warmly either, with some critics reacting to his use of the word "selfish." They felt that it was insensitive towards couples who may have reasons for not having children, such as health or economic concerns. The comment has also sparked further debates on the Catholic Church's views on parenthood. On the other hand, Pope Francis' statement may also be seen as a plea to address what he perceives as a societal problem. The Pope has repeatedly emphasized the importance of family and the value of having children. He has also expressed his concern over the current trend of declining birth rates in many developed countries. The Pope's call to parenthood is not just about procreation, but also about building and strengthening families. He has previously criticized the "throwaway culture" that he believes is prevalent in modern society, arguing that this leads to the neglect of the elderly, the sick, and the unborn. The Pope's message is especially poignant today when social and economic pressures often dissuade couples from having children. Many young people today are burdened with student loans, housing costs, and job insecurity, which, in turn, influence their decision to put off having children. While some may disagree with Pope Francis' statements, he seems to be genuinely concerned about the well-being of families and society as a whole. His remarks, though controversial, offer a compelling plea for couples to consider parenthood as a way of building a stronger, more resilient world.