article: Washington (CNN) -- Current and past first ladies Michelle Obama, Hillary Clinton and Nancy Reagan will attend a memorial service Tuesday in California for former first lady Betty Ford. The White House announced that Obama would travel to Palm Desert, California, for the Tuesday service, which will be followed by a private funeral Thursday in Michigan. Clinton, the current secretary of state, will be accompanied Tuesday by her husband, former President Bill Clinton, an aide told CNN. Reagan also will attend the California service at St. Margaret's Episcopal Church in Palm Desert, a Reagan Foundation official said. Former President George W. Bush also will attend the service but without his wife, former first lady Laura Bush, who had previous travel commitments, according to a spokesman. Bush's mother, former first lady Barbara Bush, will attend the Michigan funeral, the spokesman said. Following the Tuesday service, Ford's remains will lie in repose at the church until midnight, then be flown on Wednesday to Michigan to the Gerald R. Ford Museum in Grand Rapids, according to a website on the memorial plans. Ford's remains will then lie in repose there beginning at 7 p.m. local time, said a statement posted on the website. On Thursday, Ford's private funeral will be held at Grace Episcopal Church in Grand Rapids, the statement on the website said. Ford, who died Friday at age 93, raised awareness of issues involving women's rights, cancer, alcoholism and substance abuse during and after her stint as first lady. Her late husband, former President Gerald Ford, died in 2006. The alcohol and substance abuse treatment center in Rancho Mirage, California, that bears her name has become one of the best-known facilities of its kind in the country. In remarks to reporters Monday, Clinton said she was "grateful for having known" Ford. "Her commitment to speaking out on issues that, before she took them on, were just not discussed made a huge difference in the lives of Americans," Clinton said. "I remember well when my mother's best friend was dying of breast cancer, nobody talked about it in those days," Clinton continued. "But Betty Ford made it acceptable" to discuss the issue in public. Also planning to be in California for the Tuesday service are protesters from the Westboro Baptist Church of Kansas, which cited on its website what it called Ford's infidelity by divorcing a first husband to marry Gerald Ford. The church is known for publicity seeking protests at funerals of U.S. soldiers and others to promote its radical conservative Christian agenda. CNN's Elise Labott and Tom Cohen contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: Former President George W. Bush to attend, but not Laura Bush . Secretary Clinton praises Betty Ford for breaking taboos . Ford will have a public funeral in California, and a private burial in Michigan . Ford died Friday at age 93 .
id: 22ea65018fa70c1cf86fa14d857c2a441f8f2178
chatgpt: Betty Ford, the former first lady of the United States, passed away on Friday at the age of 93. Her death has been mourned by many, including former President George W. Bush, who has confirmed his attendance at her funeral later this week. Although the former president will be in attendance, his wife, former First Lady Laura Bush, will not be joining him. It is unclear why Laura Bush will not be attending, but her absence has not gone unnoticed. Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has paid tribute to Ford, praising her for breaking taboos and starting important conversations during her time in the White House. "Betty Ford was a trailblazer who broke barriers and saved lives," Clinton said in a statement. "She was a true champion for women's health." Ford became a public advocate for breast cancer awareness after her own battle with the disease in 1974. She also revealed her struggles with alcoholism and substance abuse, paving the way for a more open and honest discussion about addiction and recovery. Ford's funeral will be held in California, where she and her late husband, former President Gerald Ford, spent much of their time. The public is invited to attend the service, which will be held at St. Margaret's Episcopal Church in Palm Desert on Tuesday. After the public funeral, Ford's body will be flown to Michigan for a private burial. The Fords lived in Michigan for much of their lives, and President Ford was buried there after his death in 2006. President Donald Trump and First Lady Melania Trump have also paid tribute to Ford, expressing their condolences on Twitter. "Our thoughts and prayers are with the family of former First Lady Betty Ford," Trump wrote. "She will be remembered for her courage and advocacy for women's health and addiction recovery." Ford's death marks the end of an era in American politics. She was a beloved and respected figure, known for her grace, compassion, and strength. Her legacy will undoubtedly live on through her advocacy work and her commitment to breaking down barriers and fighting for the rights of women and those struggling with addiction. As the nation prepares to say goodbye to Betty Ford, it is clear that her impact will continue to be felt for years to come.