article: By . Anthony Bond . PUBLISHED: . 11:26 EST, 26 March 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 02:34 EST, 27 March 2013 . When football fan James McDonagh sent off his application form to be the new manager of Blackburn Rovers, he just expected to have a funny story to tell his friends. However the 30-year-old customer services manager, who supports arch-rivals Burnely, was left astonished when he received an email from the club promising him an interview. Mr McDonagh, who admitted that his experience is limited to once coaching a Sunday league side and playing hours of computer game Football Manger, even wrote on his CV that he wanted to achieve 'back-to-back' relegation for the team, as he poked fun at the club’s current misfortunes. Bizarre: James McDonagh was left astonished to receive an email from Blackburn promising him an interview after he applied for a job at the club . True colours: Blackburn Rovers' global advisor Shebby Singh invited James McDonagh (above posing in a Blackburn shirt and with Burnley scarf) for an interview . But the hapless club were not to be put off and an email informing him he was . in the frame to manage the Championship side was promptly sent by Shebby Singh, who . works for Blackburn's Indian owners Venky's. Formally . inviting him for an interview, it read: 'Having checked your . application and your credentials from your CV, we would like to . shortlist you for the vacancy.' Fired: Former Blackburn Rovers manager Michael Appleton last just two months at the club . Speaking to The Sun, Mr McDonagh said: 'They’re a bit of a joke club at the minute and I thought I could probably do better than their last few appointments. 'I wasn’t expecting to get shortlisted but Blackburn’s owners are known for their barmy decisions.' In November 2010, Venky's London Ltd bought a 99.9 per cent stake in Blackburn Rovers. The new owners spent £23million on the deal and took on around £20million of the club's debt. However, their time in charge has been marked with controversy and frustration among supporters. After . sacking Sam Allardyce as the club's manager, Steve Kean was put in . charge, resulting in relegation from the Premier League at the end of . the 2011–12 Premier League season. Kean left the club in September last year and was replaced by former Blackburn defender Henning Berg but he was sacked on December 27. Last week, the club dismissed his successor, Michael Appleton, after a two-month reign. Controversial: Blackburn Rovers are owned by Venky's London Ltd .
highlights: James McDonagh applied for the club's vacant manager's job as a joke . He was astonished to receive an email promising him an interview .
id: 9861a90b67e8e6152a9fc4d944490d3485929056
chatgpt: James McDonagh, a football fan and self-proclaimed prankster, never thought that his latest joke would go so far. He applied for the club's vacant manager's job as a lark, never believing he would actually receive a response. But to his surprise, he received an email promising him an interview.  McDonagh described the situation as "surreal." He sent in his application as a joke after a few pints with his friends, never imagining it would lead to anything. But the club, in need of a new manager, apparently saw something in McDonagh's application that caught their eye.  Despite being initially caught off-guard by the email, McDonagh decided to take the interview seriously. He prepared for the interview as best he could, reading up on the club and its current players, as well as researching leadership strategies and tactics. "When I first got the email, I thought it was a wind-up," McDonagh said in a recent interview with a local news outlet. "But then I started thinking about it and realized that this could actually be an opportunity. I may have applied as a joke, but I'm taking this seriously now." The interview itself was reportedly rigorous, with club officials grilling McDonagh on his knowledge of the game, his leadership experience, and his plans for the club should he be selected as manager. But despite the pressure, McDonagh reportedly held his own, impressing the officials with his answers and his passion for the sport. In the end, however, the club ultimately decided to choose a more experienced candidate for the position. But despite not getting the job, McDonagh said he was grateful for the experience and excited to have had the chance to interview for a job he never thought he would even be considered for. "It was a wild ride, and I'm just grateful for the experience," McDonagh said. "I may not have gotten the job, but I proved to myself that I'm capable of more than I ever thought possible. And who knows? Maybe someday down the line, I'll get another shot." Despite starting as a joke, James McDonagh's application for a manager's job turned into a serious opportunity for personal growth and development. And who knows? Perhaps his courageous approach in taking an unlikely interview could lead to more opportunities in the future.