article: By . Emma Innes . PUBLISHED: . 11:48 EST, 11 November 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 11:49 EST, 11 November 2013 . A clarinet player developed a rare form of pneumonia because he failed to clean his clarinet for 30 years . A clarinet player developed a rare form of pneumonia because he failed to clean his instrument for 30 years. The unnamed 68-year-old man from Atlanta, U.S., suffered from ‘saxophone lung’ for a year. The condition is an allergic reaction to a fungus that grows inside wind instruments. It causes symptoms including wheezing and coughing and symptoms will continue until the instrument is cleaned. Dr Marissa Shams, from the Emory University Adult Asthma, Allergy and Immunology Clinic, explained that the man was having an allergic reaction to mould inside the instrument, NBC News reports. Dr Shams, who presented the case at the annual meeting of the American College of Allergy, Asthma and Immunology, explained that the man was playing his clarinet several nights a week and that each time he was breathing in the fungus. The patient’s symptoms did not respond to inhalers, steroids or antibiotics so doctors initially thought he was suffering from an excessive immune response to a fungus called Aspergillus. However, when they heard about his clarinet playing they carried out a chest X-ray that revealed his lungs were full off mucus and blockages. They then discovered he was allergic to two fungi and that the reed of his clarinet was contaminated with another mould – Exophiala. ‘There was very impressive fungal growth on those,’ Dr Shams told NBC News. She added that once he had been given more oral steroids and cleaned his clarinet, his health improved dramatically. This clarinet player is not the first to suffer the ill effects of a dirty instrument. Doctors discovered the man was allergic a fungus - Exophiala (pictured) - that the reed of his clarinet was contaminated with. Once he had sterilised the instrument, he recovered rapidly . In March, an English bagpiper, John Shone, 78, told how he nearly died after picking up a lung infection from his bagpipes. It is believed germs can survive for hours, or even days, on wind instruments that are not cleaned. As a result, experts recommend that they are regularly sterilised.
highlights: The 68-year-old American man suffered coughing and wheezing for a year . He was allergic to a fungus growing inside his dirty clarinet . He recovered rapidly when he had sterilised his instrument .
id: 783d6b03c1ca3fac7b694e9fdc01733250172e54
chatgpt: A 68-year-old American man had been suffering from persistent coughing and wheezing for over a year. Despite multiple visits to the doctor, the man found no relief. In fact, his condition seemed to be worsening with each passing day. His troubles, little did he know, lay in his beloved clarinet. As it turns out, the man was allergic to a fungus that had been growing inside his clarinet for quite some time. The man had been an avid clarinet player for years, and while he had managed to take good care of it externally, the inner workings of the instrument had gone overlooked. According to doctors, the man's condition was a classic case of a condition known as hypersensitivity pneumonitis (HP), also known as 'clarinet lung' in medical circles. They stated that exposure to fungal spores or other foreign substances can trigger HP, a type of inflammation of the lungs. The man had been unwittingly exposed to fungi and mold hidden inside his clarinet's mouthpiece, reed or trumpet for weeks, if not months. This fungus was responsible for his chronic coughing and wheezing condition. However, after discovering the root cause of his ailment, the man decided to take swift action to rectify it. He immediately sterilized his instrument and took up a regular cleaning schedule to ensure that his clarinet remained free of any hidden growths or fungi. Remarkably, just days after sterilizing his clarinet and implementing a strict cleaning routine, the man began to feel better. The coughing and wheezing disappeared, and he was able to breathe easily once again. Doctors explain that while medical intervention may be required in severe cases of HP, in most instances, a simple step such as cleaning the instrument can help. Regular cleaning of musical instruments is paramount, and experts encourage musicians to take this seriously. In conclusion, this case serves as a timely reminder to all music enthusiasts who play wind instruments such as clarinets, trumpets and saxophones to regularly clean and sterilize them to avoid contracting hypersensitivity pneumonitis. And for those who currently suffer from persistent coughing or wheezing, it is vital to look beyond the typical suspects of allergies, dust, or pollution, and examine if a musical instrument is the source of the problem.