article: By . Richard Shears . PUBLISHED: . 11:59 EST, 11 December 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 12:01 EST, 11 December 2012 . Snared: Roki Aprisdianto escaped jail in a burka but was caught after taking veil off in front of bus of police . A convicted terrorist who escaped from prison wearing a body-covering Islamic burka was immediately arrested on a bus when he took the veil off – because many of the other passengers happened to be anti-terrorist police. Roki Aprisdianto was serving six years in jail on the Indonesian island of Java when he made his get-away after a group of burka-clad women came to visit their husbands. Under the flowing robes, he walked out of the prison with the women, undetected by officers, and laid low for a few weeks in the east Java town of Madiun. According to police, when the heat . died down he put the burka back on and made his way to the local bus . station where he purchased a ticket to travel to the town of Solo. Once . seated on the bus, and certain that his escape plot had been a total . success, he removed the headgear part of the gown, revealing his male . features. Unfortunately . for Aprisdianto, a large number of Indonesia’s anti-terror squad were . travelling on the bus – and the escaper was immediately arrested. ‘He made what you might call a big . mistake,’ said national police spokesman Major General Suhardi Alius. ‘He took his veil off because he thought he was safe and it was his bad . luck that police were travelling on the same bus.’ It is not known what happened to the . woman who passed the burka to Aprisdianto, but police believe she was . probably wearing a second burka, which she slipped off before leaving . the jail with the other women who were similarly dressed. Caught out: The convicted terrorist was immediately arrested on a bus when he took the veil off - because many of the other passengers happened to be anti-terrorist police (file photo) Aprisdianto was sentenced to six years behind bars in 2011 for masterminding a series of bombings. Two other militants believed to be part of his group were captured in Solo town a short time after his re-arrest. A third, believed to be the group’s fundraiser, was arrested a day later. The three told police they had helped Aprisdianto prepare a bomb that was planted at a police station after he had escaped from prison - the device failed to explode. Aprisdianto is now facing many more years in prison – wearing custom-made shorts and a T-shirt.
highlights: Roki Aprisdianto was serving six years in jail for a series of bombings . He escaped from prison when group of women came to visit their husbands .
id: f33ce3a6859685802d02b26927e0d26824e643cc
chatgpt: Convicted bomber Roki Aprisdianto, who was serving six years in jail for a series of bombings in Indonesia, has escaped from prison. The daring escape took place while a group of women were visiting their husbands at the detention center. According to reports, Aprisdianto took advantage of the chaos caused by the visit, made his way to the gate, and managed to slip away unnoticed. Once outside the prison walls, he disappeared into the crowded city streets. The Indonesian authorities have launched a massive manhunt to capture the fugitive. The country's police have issued a nationwide alert for the escaped convict and have put up wanted posters in various locations throughout the country. The authorities are urging the public to remain vigilant and report any suspicious activity that could lead to the arrest of Aprisdianto. The police have warned that anyone who harbors or assists the fugitive will face serious consequences. Aprisdianto was serving a six-year sentence for his role in a series of bombings that targeted government buildings and other public places. The attacks, which took place in 2013 and 2014, claimed several lives and caused extensive damage to property. The Indonesian government has condemned the prison break and vowed to bring the fugitive to justice. The Minister of Justice and Human Rights, Yasonna Laoly, has ordered an investigation into the security lapses that allowed the escape to take place. The incident has raised concerns about the security of Indonesia's prisons and sparked a debate about the need for stronger measures to prevent such incidents from happening in the future. The government has promised to review the security protocols in place and take necessary steps to prevent future prison breaks. The escape of Aprisdianto has sent shockwaves throughout the country and has garnered widespread media attention. The incident has also reignited the debate about the use of prisons as a means of punishment and rehabilitation. Many activists and human rights organizations have criticized the Indonesian government for its harsh policies towards convicts and urged it to focus on rehabilitation rather than punishment. The escape of Aprisdianto has once again highlighted the need for a comprehensive and holistic approach to addressing crime and punishment in Indonesia. As the manhunt for the convict continues, the Indonesian government faces mounting pressure to address the underlying issues that have led to such incidents in the past.