article: By . Snejana Farberov For Mail Online . A father and his two sons landed behind bars on drunken driving charges in connection to a single car accident in Vermont over the weekend. Nicholas Woodward, 19, his 22-year-old brother, Joshua, and their father, 46-year-old Brian Woodward, all from Fairfax, were arrested Saturday in Fletcher on their way home from a fishing trip. For the youngest of the Woodward trio, the arrest marked the second DUI incident in as many weeks. His older brother, Joshua Woodward, is also facing a count of driving on a suspended license. All in the family: Joshua Woodward, 22 (left), his 19-year-old brother Nicholas (right), and their father Brian Woodward have been charged with DUI in Vermont in connection to a one-car rollover crash . According to police in Vermont, it all started just before 8pm Saturday when a warden with the Vermont Fish and Wildlife came upon an overturned vehicle on Cambridge Road. Officers who arrived on the scene determined that Joshua Woodward was behind the wheel at the time of the rollover, and that his blood alcohol level was nearly three times the state’s legal limit. As the 22-year-old was being evaluated by paramedics on the scene, police said his 19-year-old brother, Nicholas, pulled over at the site of the wreck in his own vehicle to check up on his sibling. Repeat offense: The 19-year-old Nicholas Woodward was cited for another DUI incident two week before the rollover . Brian Woodward, who was a passenger in Nicholas' truck, then got behind the wheel to move the vehicle closer to Joshua's wreckage. The Fish and Wildlife game warden, who was still at the scene, noticed that Brian Woodward appeared inebriated and ordered him to stop the truck and get out, according to police. State troopers noted that the 46-year-old man reeked of alcohol and appeared impaired. A breath test confirmed that Mr Woodward also had a blood alcohol level three times the legal limit. While the father of two was being handcuffed, troopers noticed that Nicholas Woodward, who is underage, also appeared to have been drinking alcohol that night. Field sobriety tests and the teen’s preliminary breath sample confirmed that he was driving under the influence, police said. The teen was cited for DUI - his second in two weeks. He is due back in court August 18, while his brother and father are set to appear before a judge September 2.
highlights: Nicholas Woodward, 19, brother Joshua, 22, and their father Brian Woodward, 46, charged with DUIs in a single car crash in Vermont . State troopers observed all three family members drunk on the scene of Joshua Woodward's car wreck .
id: 324ccab77de34efe9fca3f28b46eb8169b87bdc8
chatgpt: Three family members from Vermont, Nicholas Woodward, 19, Joshua Woodward, 22 and their father, Brian Woodward, 46, have been arrested and charged with driving under the influence (DUI). The three were involved in a single-car crash that occurred near Jericho in Chittenden County. According to Vermont State troopers, all three family members were under the influence of alcohol when they were found at the scene of Joshua Woodward's car wreck. The troopers responded to reports of a single-car crash on Saturday, August 21 at about 5:30 p.m. Upon arriving, they found the three family members, who had been traveling in the car together. State troopers conducted sobriety tests, which led to the arrests of all three family members on the suspicion of DUI. The crash has left Joshua with injuries that required a trip to the hospital while the other two escaped unhurt. The Troopers' investigation shows that Joshua captured on the driver's seat was driving under the influence and lost control which resulted in the car accident. Nicholas and Brian were sitting in the passenger seats at the time of the car crash. The three men were then taken to the Chittenden County Correctional Facility. It is not clear how much alcohol the three had consumed before getting into the car or where they were headed, but their careless actions have landed them in trouble with the law.  The consequences of drunk driving can be severe and have the potential to put not only the driver but other innocent people on the road at risk. DUIs are a prevalent issue across Vermont, and law enforcement has been working diligently to reduce drunk driving incidents. The Vermont State Police encourages drivers not to get behind the wheel after consuming alcohol or drugs, as it puts everyone on the road in danger. It is unfortunate that the Woodward family had to go through a traumatic experience, but their actions were dangerous and could have resulted in more severe consequences. DUI is a crime that carries a range of legal and financial penalties, and the Woodward's experience is a valuable lesson to never mix alcohol and driving. The three family members are scheduled to appear in court on September 9th, where they will face the DUI charges. They may also face additional charges related to the crash. It is yet to be determined who will represent them in court.