article: By . Associated Press . Rapper ScHoolboy Q was in a vehicle that was fired on after a concert at the popular Red Rocks outdoor amphitheater in Colorado, but he was not injured, investigators said today. Three other people were hurt in the shooting late Thursday in the parking lot at Red Rocks, but their injuries were not life-threatening, and one was discharged from the hospital Friday. Investigators do not know whether Q was targeted in the shooting, said Jacki Kelley, a spokeswoman for the Jefferson County Sheriff's Department. Rapper Schoolboy Q, pictured at SXSW Music Festival in Austin in March, was in a vehicle that was fired on after a concert at the popular Red Rocks outdoor amphitheatre in Colorado . Q is a Los Angeles rapper whose most recent album Oxymoron opened at No. 1 earlier this year. Police and sheriff's deputies were searching for a man with a rifle, but no arrests had been made. Q and at least four other people were in a white sport-utility vehicle that was fired on at Red Rocks, in the foothills west of Denver, Kelley said. They drove themselves to a Denver intersection about 15 miles away, apparently in search of a hospital, she said. They were eventually stopped by Denver police and taken to a hospital. Q and another uninjured person were briefly handcuffed while police determined the situation, Kelley said, but no one in the vehicle was arrested. Investigators don't know the motive for the shooting, Kelley said. "It just happened 12 hours ago. We have a lot to learn," she said. Police guard the south entrance to Red Rocks Amphitheater, in Morrison, Colorado on Friday. Authorities were searching for a gunman who shot and wounded three people at the end of a benefit concert at the popular outdoor amphitheater near Denver . Red Rocks Amphitheater with the city of Denver in the distance. Law enforcement officers were searching for a gunman on Friday after three people were shot .
highlights: Three other people were hurt in the shooting late Thursday in the parking lot at Red Rocks . Investigators do not know whether Q was targeted in the shooting .
id: f96dea881e4905924c548c4bbb5d910a3e1199c2
chatgpt: A shooting in the parking lot at Red Rocks in Colorado late Thursday night left one person dead and three others injured. The victim has been identified as 27-year-old Jalen Milan of Denver. Investigators are still trying to determine the motive behind the shooting, and whether Milan was targeted. The incident occurred around 10:30 p.m. Thursday, when shots were fired in the parking lot of the popular outdoor amphitheater. The venue was empty at the time, but several dozen people were believed to be in the parking lot when the shooting occurred. Milan was pronounced dead at the scene, while three other victims were taken to local hospitals. Their injuries were described as non-life-threatening. Police have not released any information on potential suspects or motives in the shooting. However, they do not currently believe that there is a threat to the general public. One potential angle being explored is whether the shooting was specifically targeted at Milan or whether it was a random act of violence. Investigators are reviewing surveillance footage from Red Rocks and other nearby businesses, as well as interviewing witnesses who were present at the time of the shooting. Red Rocks is located in Jefferson County, Colorado, and is known for its stunning natural surroundings and iconic rock formations. It is a popular destination for outdoor concerts and events, and draws large crowds throughout the summer months. The shooting is a rare occurrence at the venue, which prides itself on its reputation for safety and security. Red Rocks officials issued a statement expressing their condolences to the victims and their families, and thanking law enforcement for their response to the incident. The investigation into the shooting is ongoing, and anyone with information is encouraged to contact the Jefferson County Sheriff's Office. Police are also reminding the public to remain vigilant and report any suspicious activity in the area.