article: By . Damien Gayle . PUBLISHED: . 10:31 EST, 3 May 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 10:31 EST, 3 May 2013 . The lion may be king of the jungle, but this herd of buffalo certainly showed him who's boss. The hunter became the hunted and this scaredy-cat was forced to run for cover when buffalo he was stalking turned round and struck back. He was forced to swallow his pride and sprint away into the bush of the Kruger National Park, South Africa, after finding himself outnumbered by the massive bovines . Tail between his legs: This lion was lucky to . escape with his life after he misjudged his attack on a herd of Cape . buffalo in the Kruger National Park, . South Africa, and they came sprinting after him with deadly force . African Cape buffalo can weigh up to a . ton and have powerful fused horns so strong that they have sometimes . even been known to stop rifle bullets. Their herds are remarkable for their lack of hierarchy and an apparent altruism that makes them fiercely protective of calves and weaker members. When chased by predators the herd sticks close together, calves gathered in the middle, to make it hard for any one member to be picked off. They fight off threats, as in this instance, by forming a mob and charging at predators with superior weight and numbers. A red billed oxpecker perches on the nose of a . buffalo: African Cape buffalo can weigh up to a ton and have powerful . fused horns so strong that they have sometimes even been known to stop . rifle bullets . Buffalo have been recorded chasing lions up a tree and keeping them there for as long as two hours. Lion cubs unlucky enough to get in the way can get trampled and killed. This not so cunning cat was lucky . enough to make his escape with his tail between his legs after the . tables turned when he tried to pounce on this herd. A buffalo calf: Buffalo herds are remarkable for . their lack of hierarchy and an apparent altruism that makes them . fiercely protective of calves and weaker members . Not to be messed with: When chased by predators . the herd sticks close together, calves gathered in the middle. They . fight off threats by forming a mob and charging at predators with . superior numbers . Photographer, Dave Woollacott, captured the fear etched on the lions face as he frantically tried to escape the furious buffalo. Mr Woollacott, a project manager from Johannesburg, was travelling with his wife, celebrating their 33rd wedding anniversary, when he spotted the extraordinary scene. 'It was dusk and the sky was heavy with cloud when we started to leave the park through the Phabeni Gate,' he said. 'Suddenly we came across a herd of Cape buffalo in a dry river bed. 'We watched as lion tried to attack from the left bank. 'But the buffalo outnumbered him and they chased the frightened lion away, across the river bed and into the undergrowth.'
highlights: Lion found himself outnumbered after mistiming his pounce on this herd at Kruger National Park in South Africa . African Cape buffalo can weigh up to a ton and have horns so strong they have been known to stop rifle bullets . When fighting predators, the group forms a mob and charges to protect their young from being eaten .
id: 9273ba37ef57061ab5887a82ae41c52246861ac9
chatgpt: In Kruger National Park in South Africa, a lion found himself in quite a predicament after he mistimed his pounce on a herd of African Cape buffalo. African Cape buffaloes are known to be one of the most dangerous animals in Africa. They can weigh up to a ton and have horns so strong they have been known to stop rifle bullets. When threatened by predators like lions, the group defends itself by forming a mob and charging to protect their young from being eaten. The confrontation between the lion and the herd of Cape buffalo began when the lion attempted to pounce on the herd, however, due to his mistiming, he found himself outnumbered by the powerful and dangerous beasts. Cape buffaloes are known to be fiercely protective of their young and territorial so the lion found himself at a major disadvantage. The buffaloes charged at the lion fearlessly, pushing him back and away from their territory. The scene was captured by a group of tourists visiting the park who were in awe of the encounter. Some of the tourists could be heard gasping and taking pictures. According to one of the tourists, "It was like watching a scene from the Lion King movie, only this time, the script was flipped." Eventually, the lion decided that it was better to retreat than stay and engage in a fight he knew he could not win. The herd of buffaloes continued to protect their territory as they headed out into the sunset. It was a reminder that in the African wilderness, there is a constant battle between predators and prey, with each creature fighting to survive in this harsh environment. In conclusion, the encounter between the lion and the herd of Cape buffalo serves as a reminder of the power of nature and the strength of the African savanna's wildlife. The Cape buffalo's fierce and protective behavior showed that in the wild, animals will do whatever it takes to make sure that their young are safe and protected. The park rangers at Kruger National Park remind visitors to be vigilant of their surroundings and to always respect the animals in their natural habitat.