article: (CNN) -- Barcelona put a turbulent few months behind them by sweeping aside Elche 3-0 at the Nou Camp in their opening game of the Spanish season. Lionel Messi was the standout player as he scored twice and Barcelona dominated despite having Javier Mascherano sent off and playing the whole of the second half with ten men. The omens initially were not good for Barcelona. The club ended last season empty handed under Gerado Martino. The club's president Sandro Rosell had to resign over alleged irregularities surrounding the Neymar transfer. And star striker Lionel Messi has been embroiled in allegations of tax avoidance. Black cat = bad luck? But, more importantly, a black cat somehow found itself in the stadium a minute after kick off and delayed the match. It evaded several tackles before nonchalantly walking off the pitch on its own terms. A steward managed to grab the cat as it attempted to enter the stands and received several scratches for his troubles. Messi, perhaps taking a leaf out of the feline invader's playbook, evaded several challenges of his own to fire Barcelona ahead before half time. But a few minutes later Barcelona were down to ten men when Mascherano brought down Elche striker Rodrigues. He was the last defender and, deservedly, received a straight red card. But you wouldn't have known that it was Barcelona down to ten men given their second half performance. They enjoyed 79 per cent of possession as Messi added a second. There was also a goal for 18 year old La Masia graduate Munir. The whereabouts of the black cat is currently unknown. The underdog's underdog . Meanwhile arguably one of the biggest underdogs in the history of top level Spanish football started life in La Liga with a shock victory. A few months ago it wasn't even clear whether SD Eibar -- a club from a Basque town of just 28,000 people which had never played in the top tier of Spanish football before -- would even be allowed to play. The club appeared to fall foul of some idiosyncratic financial rules. Despite being self-sustaining and completely free of debt -- unlike a host of other Spanish clubs -- Eibar faced the prospect of relegation to Spanish football's third tier. Idiosyncratic . A 1999 decree requires every team to have a capital equal to 25 per cent of the average expenses of all sides in the second division, excluding the two clubs with the biggest outgoings and the two with the smallest. It meant Eibar had to raise €1.7 million ($2.3 million) if they wanted to play in the top division. But a social media campaign allowed the club to raise the necessary cash to compete, a campaign that Basque rivals Real Sociedad probably wish had failed. The two met in a Basque derby on the first day of the season, but it was Eibar that snatched a historic 1-0 victory thanks to Javi Lara's first half free kick.
highlights: Barcelona stormed to an easy 3-0 win against Elche . Black cat invades pitch before game, but doesn't bring bad luck . Barca reduced to 10 men, but Messi shines . Minnows SD Eibar win first game .
id: b30b4313c48ecb8bf55fbe366841afaeb79d07e8
chatgpt: Barcelona continued their winning ways with an easy 3-0 victory over Elche at the Nou Camp on Sunday evening. The win came on the back of a week of turmoil for the Catalans, which started with a black cat invading the pitch before the game against Elche. Many fans believed the cat was a bad omen, as Barcelona had been struggling in their recent games, but the superstition proved to be unfounded. The black cat was quickly chased off the field, and Barcelona went on to dominate the match. Despite being reduced to 10 men after defender Gerard Pique was sent off in the second half, Barcelona were never really troubled by Elche. The home side controlled the play from start to finish, with Lionel Messi, Antoine Griezmann, and Riqui Puig all getting on the scoresheet. Messi was the star of the show once again, as the Argentine forward continues to defy his critics with his performances on the field. Messi's goal against Elche was his 19th La Liga goal of the season, and his 27th in all competitions. Barcelona's win was a timely reminder of their quality, as they look to close the gap on leaders Atletico Madrid in the La Liga title race. The Catalans now sit just two points behind Atletico, with 13 games remaining. While Barcelona were enjoying their win, there was disappointment for minnows SD Eibar, who lost their first game of the season. Eibar had been unbeaten in their previous six games, but went down to a 2-1 defeat at the hands of Celta Vigo. Despite the defeat, Eibar can take heart from their impressive start to the season, which has seen them climb up to 15th place in the La Liga table. Eibar will be hoping to bounce back in their next game, as they face Getafe at home. In other La Liga news, Real Madrid kept the pressure on Barcelona and Atletico with a 1-0 win over Real Valladolid. The win moved Madrid up to third place in the table, just three points behind Atletico. Madrid will be looking to continue their good form in their next game, as they face Real Sociedad at home. The game will be a crucial one for both sides, as they look to consolidate their positions in the top four of the La Liga table. Overall, it was another eventful weekend in La Liga, with Barcelona's win over Elche, SD Eibar's first defeat of the season, and Real Madrid's narrow win over Real Valladolid. With just over a third of the season remaining, the race for the La Liga title is heating up, and fans can expect plenty more twists and turns in the weeks to come.