article: Max Clifford arriving at Southwark Crown Court to be sentenced for 8 indecent assaults on young women back in May . Disgraced publicist Max Clifford launched an appeal against his eight-year jail sentence yesterday. Lawyers told the Court of Appeal the prison sentence was too long for the 71-year-old, who was convicted of eight indecent assaults against teenage girls and young women. Richard Horwell QC said Clifford was ‘no longer a danger to women’ and would not commit any further offences. He said the trial judge had been wrong to consider Clifford’s bizarre behaviour outside court when sentencing, when he stood behind a television presenter covering the trial and mimicked his broadcast. And he said the judge at Southwark Crown Court, Judge Anthony Leonard QC, should not have imposed maximum two-year sentences for two of the indecent assaults after saying they were ‘not the gravest offences of their type’. Mr Horwell told the Court of Appeal in London: ‘Although the sentencing process must reflect modern attitudes – and I fully accept that that is our law – the sentencing process must not abandon common sense and fairness.’ Clifford, who abused the young women and girls between 1977 and 1984, watched the court hearing on a videolink from HMP Littlehey, a Category C prison in Cambridgeshire. He looked tired and gaunt and fidgeted during the 90-minute hearing, eventually complaining he could not hear one of the lawyers over the videolink. Rosina Cottage QC, for the Crown, said the trial judge was entitled to impose the eight-year sentence. She said Clifford’s public statements and denials after his arrest and during his trial had been intended to ‘manipulate, undermine and humiliate’ his victims. Richard Horwell QC said Clifford was ‘no longer a danger to women’ and would not commit any more offences . Clifford, of Hersham, Surrey, was prosecuted under 1956 legislation because his offences pre-dated the Sex Offences Act 2003. Under the more recent legislation he could have received a maximum life sentence, the Court of Appeal heard. A decision on his application for leave to appeal against his sentence is due to be announced later this year.
highlights: Clifford launched an appeal against his eight-year jail sentence yesterday . Lawyers told the Court of Appeal the prison sentence was too long . Richard Horwell QC said Clifford was ‘no longer a danger to women’ Said Clifford's behaviour outside court shouldn't have been considered . Clifford stood behind a television presenter and mimicked his broadcast . The 71-year-old was convicted of eight indecent assaults against teenage girls and young women back in May .
id: df3fd5acaca7ef32783d501a11976a65ab2ee40d
chatgpt: Entertainment publicist Max Clifford has launched an appeal against his eight-year jail sentence for indecent assaults against teenage girls and young women. Yesterday, his lawyers argued that the prison sentence was too long and that Clifford was "no longer a danger to women." At the Court of Appeal, Richard Horwell QC argued that Clifford's behaviour outside court, which included standing behind a television presenter and mimicking his broadcast, should not have been considered in his sentencing. Clifford, who is now 71 years old, was convicted of eight indecent assaults in May of this year. His conviction was part of Operation Yewtree, a police investigation in the UK into sexual abuse allegations against public figures in the entertainment industry. During the trial, it was revealed that Clifford used his position as a high-profile publicist to prey on vulnerable young women. He offered them the opportunity to work in the entertainment industry in exchange for sexual favors. Some of his victims were as young as 15 years old. At the hearing yesterday, Clifford's lawyers argued that the sentence handed down by the judge was too harsh given his age and health. They also argued that the judge had wrongly taken into account Clifford's behavior outside court, which included expressions of his innocence and criticism of the prosecution. Horwell argued that Clifford's behavior outside court did not justify the judge's decision to increase his sentence. He also argued that Clifford's age and poor health should have been taken into account when sentencing him. The Court of Appeal judges, however, noted that Clifford's conduct outside court was a relevant factor in their decision to uphold his sentence. They said that his behavior demonstrated a lack of remorse and a "failure to understand the gravity of his offending." Clifford's appeal was ultimately dismissed, and he will continue to serve his eight-year sentence. In a statement, a spokesperson for the victims said they were "pleased" with the outcome of the appeal. They also praised the "courage and bravery" of the victims who had come forward to testify against Clifford.