article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 17:36 EST, 25 August 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 09:04 EST, 26 August 2013 . She has had a traumatic time since photos emerged of her husband with his hand around her neck. But Nigella Lawson would appear to have turned a corner after filing for divorce from millionaire art dealer Charles Saatchi, 70, last month. With her head held high and the trace of a smile on her lips, the television cook, 53, looked happy and confident as she left a central London hairdresser’s on Saturday. Even the rain, which caused her to put her newly-done hair up in a chignon, couldn’t change her mood. Radiant: Nigella Lawson leaves a hair salon in central London on Saturday looking like a million dollars, before going for a spot of shopping . The same cannot be said of Mr Saatchi, who looked dishevelled after dining at Scott’s in Mayfair on Friday – the very restaurant where the ‘throttling’ scene took place only weeks before. He appeared exhausted as he sucked on a cigarette in the street, and later as he sat in the back of a taxi his head was bowed. In June Miss Lawson left the marital home following the very public assault, for which Mr Saatchi has accepted a police caution, and they have barely spoken to one another since. The couple were granted a decree nisi last month. Earlier this week Nigella finally broken her silence two months after the distressing pictures emerged. On Tuesday night, she returned to Twitter for the first time to share a photograph of a cake she'd made to mark the return of The Great British Bake Off. Confident: Nigella has not spoken publicly following the distressing images of Charles Saatchi appearing to strangle her, but was smiling on Saturday . Weary: Charles Saatchi looked dishevelled as he emerged after enjoying a Friday night meal at the very same Mayfair restaurant where he was pictured throttling Nigella . She made no reference to the high-profile dispute, nor to her impending divorce from her art-collecting billionaire husband. Ms Lawson returned to her micro-blogging account yesterday, writing: 'Yum: settling down to The Great British Bake Off with a slice of this blackcurrant Victoria sponge #GBBO'. When one of her 430,000 followers asked whether she had baked the cake herself or bought it in a shop, she replied: 'I MADE IT - though it wouldn't get me far in the #GBBO!' Since the pictures of Mr Saatchi with his hand on Ms Lawson's neck were published by a Sunday newspaper in June this year, the chef has made no public comment. By contrast, the advertising mogul has repeatedly spoken out over the controversy - including an announcement that he was divorcing his wife of 10 years.
highlights: Nigella emerged with a smile from central London hairdressers . She also returned to Twitter for the first time since distressing images . Charles Saatchi on the other hand looked weary as he dined at Scott's . He spent Friday night at same restaurant where 'throttling' took place .
id: 661f3b24ab5787eb738278cc572bbf1f71e05773
chatgpt: Celebrity chef Nigella Lawson was all smiles as she emerged from a central London hairdresser on Saturday. The TV personality was looking her usual stunning self, despite the recent turmoil in her personal life. Nigella had also made her first return to Twitter after the distressing images of her being grabbed by ex-husband Charles Saatchi hit the news. Saatchi, on the other hand, was seen looking weary as he dined at the exclusive seafood restaurant, Scott's, on Friday night. It was the same restaurant where the infamous incident of 'throttling' his ex-wife had taken place not too long ago. It has been a trying time for Nigella ever since the pictures of Saatchi's hand wrapped around her neck hit the tabloids. The couple, who have now divorced, were seen having a heated argument on the streets of London. This incident led to the British public and media questioning Saatchi's actions, and the shocking images went viral. However, Nigella seems to be bouncing back, and her return to Twitter is proof of that. She tweeted a picture of a favourite dish of hers, along with a caption that read, "Good morning. Happy weekend. Xx." Despite the controversy surrounding the couple, Nigella hasn't let it affect her work commitments. She has been busy with the latest season of "The Taste," a cooking competition show where she judges alongside fellow chefs, Anthony Bourdain, Marcus Samuelsson, and Ludo Lefebvre. While Nigella seems to have moved on, Saatchi appears to be struggling with the aftermath of the scandal. He has reportedly sold his £27 million mansion in Chelsea, where the infamous incident took place, and is said to be looking for a fresh start in a new home. Saatchi has been criticised by the public for what many describe as a violent act. He has since apologised, stating that the incident was a "playful tiff" and that he never intended to harm Nigella. The couple's divorce was finalised in July 2013, and Nigella has been focusing on her career and spending time with her children. In conclusion, although the couple's relationship may be over, the public still has a keen interest in their lives. Nigella's return to Twitter and public appearances may be a sign that she is putting the scandal behind her and moving on. However, for Saatchi, it appears that he is still dealing with the consequences of his actions. Only time will tell how the story unfolds from here on out.