article: (CNN) -- While much attention focused on whether Andy Roddick could delay his retirement by beating fellow former U.S. Open champion Juan Martin del Potro, one of tennis' quiet achievers slipped into the quarterfinals at Flushing Meadows on Tuesday. David Ferrer has spent much of his career in the shadow of Rafael Nadal, but the 30-year-old joined his absent compatriot in becoming only the second Spaniard to reach the last eight of all four grand slams in a calendar year since the start of the professional era in 1968. "I'm very happy for that," the world No. 5 said after overcoming multiple rain delays to beat French 13th seed Richard Gasquet 7-5 7-6 (7-2) 6-4. "This season is the best of all my career. I'm playing consistent all the year." Ferrer reached the semifinals in New York in 2007, but had not gone past round four again until now. However, he made it to the semifinals at Roland Garros in June and also the last eight at January's Australian Open and Wimbledon in July. He will next face either eighth seed Janko Tipsarevic or Germany's No. 19 Phillip Kohlschreiber, who trailed the Serbian 5-2 in the opening set before rain halted their fourth-round match. Former world No. 1 Roddick, who will quit after the tournament, was locked at 6-6 with 2009 U.S. Open winner Del Potro, having won the first point of the tiebreak when they went off the court. The winner of that fourth-round match will face either defending champion Novak Djokovic or Swiss 18th seed Stanislas Wawrinka. That clash was even less advanced when the weather intervened, with Serbian second seed Djokovic leading 2-0 in the opening set as he bids to match Ferrer, Andy Murray and Roger Federer in having reached at least the quarterfinals of all this season's slams. Olympic champion Murray will take to Arthur Ashe Court against Croatian 12th seed Marin Cilic in their last-eight clash when the Roddick-Del Potro match is over. World No. 1 Federer will play Czech sixth seed Tomas Berdych in Wednesday's evening session, needing just three more wins to clinch a record sixth title in the Open era. However, the Swiss will potentially face a semifinal rematch with Murray, who he beat in the 2008 final. They shared the honors in the two tournaments at Wimbledon this year. Ferrer, meanwhile, is hoping that his moments of fortune so far will translate into a first grand slam title. "I think I have luck in important moments because I was set-points down in the second set (against Gasquet)," he said. "The first round with (Kevin) Anderson I was also three set-points down. With (Igor) Sijsling in the second round also the same. So I think in important moments I played good, but of course I had luck."
highlights: David Ferrer has now reached quarterfinals of all four tennis grand slams in 2012 . He is the second Spaniard to do so in calendar year since start of professional era . Ferrer will next play either eighth seed Janko Tipsarevic or Germany's Phillip Kohlschreiber . Two other fourth-round matches were also halted by rain on Tuesday .
id: 31582e1ee6398e5f7c63a15a930e517eb1f27c57
chatgpt: David Ferrer has reached the quarterfinals of all four tennis grand slams in 2012. He is the second Spaniard to achieve this feat in a calendar year since the start of the professional tennis era. Ferrer's latest accomplishment comes after he defeated fellow Spaniard Marcel Granollers 6-3, 6-2, 6-3 in the fourth round of the US Open on Monday. Ferrer's exceptional consistency in grand slam tournaments this year is testament to his undoubted quality and durability on the court. He previously reached the Australian Open, French Open and Wimbledon quarterfinals earlier this year, and his current run at the US Open has continued that impressive form. The only other Spaniard to have achieved this feat was Rafael Nadal, who managed to reach the quarters of all four grand slams in 2010. Ferrer, however, remains humble and focused on the task at hand, refusing to be drawn into comparisons with his more illustrious compatriot. "I am not Nadal, I am Ferrer," he said after his latest triumph. "For me, it is very emotional to be in the quarterfinals here in New York. For sure, it is my best season. I try to be consistent every week." Ferrer's next opponent in the quarterfinals will be either eighth seed Janko Tipsarevic or Germany's Phillip Kohlschreiber, who were unable to complete their fourth-round match on Tuesday due to rain. Ferrer remains focused on his objectives, despite the lack of certainty surrounding his upcoming opponent. "I don't know who I play against," he said. "They are both very good players. I need to play my best tennis if I want to win." With his consistent game and proven mental fortitude, Ferrer will undoubtedly relish the opportunity to reach his first US Open semifinal. The Spaniard has been one of the most consistent performers on the ATP tour in recent years, and his form at the grand slams this year has been nothing short of sensational. Meanwhile, two other fourth-round matches were halted by rain on Tuesday, causing scheduling headaches for tournament organizers. Andy Murray was leading 7-6, 1-0 against Milos Raonic when play was called off, while John Isner and Philipp Kohlschreiber were yet to start their match. Despite the postponements, the 2012 US Open has already provided plenty of excitement and drama. Ferrer's continued success, along with the likes of Murray, Djokovic, Federer, and Del Potro, promises an exciting conclusion to the tournament as the world's best players vie for the year's final grand slam title.