article: By . Joel Christie . Police have ruled the deaths of a 10-year-old girl and her foster mother as a homicide, after the bodies of both were found in their New Jersey home on Friday night. However authorities have not released how 62-year-old Joan Colbert and Veronica Roach were killed. No arrests have been made. At about 5.22pm Friday, police responded to a 911 call reporting suspicious activity at the housein Long Branch, according to NJ.com. Shocking: Veronica Roach, 10 (left), and Joan Colbert, 62 (right), were found at their home in Long Branch, New Jersey on Friday night. Their deaths are being investigated as a homicide . On the first-floor of the Lippincott Ave house police found the mother and daughter murdered. However the Monmouth County Prosecutor's Office have said they have no reason to believe there is a threat to community. Colbert's twin sister, Lorraine Colbert, identified the bodies, according to the Ashbury Park Press. She said Colbert had been raising the little girl since she three months old. '(She) was my mother, my sister, my grandmother,' Lorraine Colbert told the newspaper. 'She was my all-in-all, my everything.' The victim's brother, said he had gotten a call at work saying his sister was dead. 'She would do anything for anyone,' he said. Linda Smith of Long Branch, who graduated high school with Colbert, said was disabled and did not work. 'I can't even begin to imagine what happened,' Smith said. 'She was such a good, outgoing person. 'She raised that child. I can't even imagine how this happened.' Suspicious circumstances: Police were called to the home in Lippincott Ave, Long Branch, where they found the bodies. The house is on a quiet family-oriented street . Prosecutors have appealed for help in solving the case. 'There are people out there that know something,' office spokesman Charles Webster told . 'Anything that may help, no matter how small it is, any and all information.' Flowers and gifts have started to appear outside the home. The homicide comes nearly a year and a half after a couple were found murdered in a nearby home. The pair had been stabbed to death in Sairs Avenue. No arrests have been made in that case as of Sunday. Authorities are asking anyone with information to contact prosecutor's office Detective Richard Chapman at 732-577-8700 or Long Branch police Detective Ross Zotti at 732-222-1000. Anyone who wishes to remain anonymous can also contact Crime Stoppers at 1-800-671-4400. Crime Stoppers offers up to $5,000 for information leading to the arrest of criminals and fugitives.
highlights: Bodies of Joan Colbert, 62, and Veronica Roach, found in their Long Branch, New Jersey, apartment Friday night . Police ruled the scene a homicide . Colbert had been raising the little since she was three months old . It is not known how they were killed and no arrests have been made .
id: bd632006334bf25793b85c27cf20b8cf64de6c4a
chatgpt: On Friday night, the bodies of Joan Colbert, 62, and Veronica Roach, were discovered in their apartment in Long Branch, New Jersey. Local authorities determined the scene to be a homicide. According to family members, Colbert had been raising Roach since she was just three months old. The relationship between the two was not immediately clear, but it is believed that the women were friends. The cause of their deaths remains unknown at this time, and no arrests have been made in connection with the case. Police continue to investigate the incident and are urging anyone with information to come forward. Neighbors were shocked and saddened by the news of the grisly discovery. "It's really sad," said one neighbor, who wished to remain anonymous. "I can't believe something like this happened so close to home." Another neighbor, Amanda Johnson, said she had seen the two women just a few days before their deaths. "They seemed like nice people," she said. "It's just really shocking to hear what happened." Officials are now seeking the public's assistance in solving the case. Anyone who may have heard or seen anything suspicious in the area around the time of the incident is being urged to contact the Long Branch Police Department. In the meantime, family and friends of Colbert and Roach are reeling from the tragedy. "They were both really good people," said a family member who also wished to remain anonymous. "They didn't deserve to go like this." Colbert's granddaughter, who asked not to be identified, said that her grandmother had a heart of gold. "She was always there for anyone who needed her," she said. "It's just a terrible loss." The investigation into the deaths of Joan Colbert and Veronica Roach is ongoing. The Long Branch Police Department is asking anyone with information to call 732-222-1000.