article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 05:57 EST, 10 January 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 09:25 EST, 10 January 2014 . British business tycoon Peter Jones's attempts to launch a TV career in the U.S. are already being ridiculed after a trailer for his forthcoming show sees him driving around in a car with the license plate 'SOB'. Jones, who shot to fame in the UK as a judge on Dragons' Den - similar to the U.S. programme Shark Tank -  is currently being splashed across American TV screens to promote his show Save Our Business. However producers have given the entrepreneur a car to drive into shot featuring the registration plate 'SOB' - an abbreviation for 'Son Of A B***h'. 'Blooper': Business tycoon Peter Jones is being ridiculed in the U.S. after a trailer for his new TV show revealed her drives around in a car with the license plate SOB . It has prompted many fans to laugh at the teaser trailers on the TNT Network. One viewer Sheree Johnson, from Los Angeles, admitted: 'The trailer is hilarious. 'He is presented as a tough talking . businessman who takes no nonsense and yet he drives around with a car . which a license plate of SOB - it's hysterical. 'I am not sure if he is trying to care himself out as a hated figure, but I don't think that is what producers want. - this is just stupid.' Spotlight: Jones is currently being splashed across American TV screens to promote his new show Save Our Business . Hard-nosed: Jones takes a tough-love approach to helping failing American businesses in his new U.S. show . Another viewer Kris Deutsch, also from LA, said: 'The trailer presents him as a SOB. What a ridiculous way to introduce him to people. 'He is meant to be a respected businessman. This is a real blooper. 'Surely someone at the network must have realized that.' The show begins on TNT later this month. A spokesman said: 'Peter Jones is a titan of entrepreneurship who has created a worldwide empire with more than a hundred businesses, both large and small. Jones, far right, with fellow  dragons (L-R) Duncan Bannatyne, Hilary Devey, Theo Paphitis and Deborah Meaden on BBC's Dragons' Den . 'In TNT's Save Our Business, Jones travels across America on a mission -- investing his time and expertise and putting his reputation on the line to save small businesses in trouble. 'Each week, Jones will assess the major problems facing a struggling company and design a plan to help save it from collapsing. 'During the first season of Save Our Business, Jones will lend his expertise and tough-love guidance to an online retailer of 'vintage inspired' woman's clothing, an indoor kids theme park, a karate school, a combination florist/wine store and a New York City bagel deli'.
highlights: Jones currently promoting his first American show Save Our Business . It sees him taking a tough-love approach to helping ailing businesses . But trailer has prompted viewers to label it 'stupid' and 'ridiculous'
id: 226b9c030b91195fc5b43f541588568b29ebe85c
chatgpt: British entrepreneur Peter Jones, known for his role on the BBC's "Dragons' Den," is set to launch his first American television series, "Save Our Business." The show, which features Jones taking a no-nonsense approach to helping struggling businesses, has been marketed as a refreshing take on the classic business makeover series. However, the release of the show's trailer has prompted a great deal of negative feedback, with many viewers criticizing Jones' approach as "stupid" and "ridiculous." Despite the backlash, Jones remains confident in the overall message of the show. "Save Our Business" is intended to provide guidance to small business owners who are struggling to find success in a competitive market. Jones explains that his approach is based on a combination of tough love and practical advice. He believes that many businesses fail not because of a lack of resources or funding, but because the owners lack a clear vision and the discipline to execute their plans. The trailer for "Save Our Business" shows Jones confronting business owners who have been unable to make their business profitable. He is shown taking an unapologetic approach, giving blunt feedback and tough love to the business owners. However, many viewers of the trailer have criticized Jones' approach as overly harsh and insensitive. Despite the negative reaction from some viewers, many others have expressed support for Jones' tough-love approach. Small business owners who have struggled to find success in a competitive market are certainly no strangers to criticism and rejection. In fact, many may welcome Jones' direct approach as a refreshing change from traditional business makeover shows that often sugarcoat the harsh realities of running a business. Jones has been a successful entrepreneur and investor for many years, having invested in a variety of different businesses in the UK and around the world. He believes that his experience and knowledge can be valuable to others who may be struggling to find success in their own business ventures. The release of "Save Our Business" comes at a time when many small businesses around the world are facing unprecedented challenges due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. With many small businesses struggling to stay afloat, Jones' message of discipline, hard work, and realistic expectations may be more relevant than ever. Whether or not "Save Our Business" finds an audience remains to be seen, but Jones' message is clear: success in business requires a willingness to face hard truths and take bold action. For small business owners struggling to find success, Jones' tough-love approach may be just the wakeup call they need to turn things around.