article: (CNN) -- Kenyan-born Briton Chris Froome won a pivotal seventh stage of the Tour de France Saturday as his teammate Bradley Wiggins took over in the race leader's yellow jersey. Froome, a noted climber, showed his ability on a steep finish at La Planche des Belles Filles after 199km from Tomblaine. Despite setting a relentless pace in the final two kilometers, Froome still had the reserves to sprint past defending Tour de France champion Cadel Evans and finish two seconds clear on the line. Australia's Evans came in second with Team Sky leader Wiggins on his wheel, the race favorite replacing Fabian Cancellara in first place in the overall standings. BMC star Evans is 10 seconds back in second with Vincenzo Nibali of Italy (Liquigas) a further six seconds adrift. Nibali came in fourth on the stage with Rein Taaramae of Estonia a fine fifth for Cofidis. The globalization of the Tour de France . But on the final climb a number of other leading contenders lost more time as Team Sky, with Michael Rogers, Richie Porte and then Froome, set a ferocious pace at the front. Froome, who finished second in last year's Tour of Spain, has moved up to ninth in the standings after his magnificent ride and will be left to regret the time he lost to a puncture on an earlier stage. He will be a key support rider for Wiggins, who is bidding to become the first British rider to win cycling's most famous race. "We're in the driving seat," Wiggins told Eurosport. "We will look to consolidate over the next couple of days, but just to be in the yellow, that is something to be savored. It was a childhood dream of mine." But he warned that Evans will remain a threat with the race still to enter the high mountains of the Alps and Pyrenees. "You can never underestimate him, he is an incredible champion. He fought every step and he's never going to give up." Sunday sees a 157.5km stage from Belfort to Porrentruy in Switzerland, featuring seven categorized climbs, but Wiggins and Evans will probably look to Monday's 41.5km time-trial to Besancon lock horns again in the battle for overall honors. The repercussions of Friday's mass crash on the stage to Metz became clear before the start of Saturday's leg with Giro d'Italia champion Ryder Hesjedal (Garmin-Sharp-Barracuda) among 12 riders to pull out through injury.
highlights: Team Sky's Chris Froome wins seventh stage of the Tour de France . His teammate Bradley Wiggins takes over in the yellow jersey . First hill top finish of the 2012 race proves decisive . Defending champion Cadel Evans finishes second on stage .
id: 9dbf2fd889876c493a35574b21a4d859e51ca70a
chatgpt: Team Sky's Chris Froome emerged victorious after a grueling seventh stage of the Tour de France on Saturday, July 7th. The stage, which marked the first hilltop finish of the 2012 race, saw Froome punch his way to the finish ahead of defending champion Cadel Evans by a slim margin. Froome was unstoppable on the day and managed to break away from the pack early on in the stage. Climbing up the hills, Froome maintained a strong lead before eventually crossing the finish line with a time of 4 hours, 58 minutes and 35 seconds. This allowed him to take home not only the win but also the King of the Mountains jersey. Following his impressive performance, Froome's teammate and fellow Brit Bradley Wiggins took over in the yellow jersey, with a lead of over ten seconds over Evans. Wiggins showed great consistency throughout the stage, staying in the pack for most of the race, but he was able to put in a strong effort towards the end, beating Evans by two seconds. The hilltop finish proved to be a challenging test for the riders, and many were seen struggling under the hot sun. However, Froome's win solidified Team Sky's position as the team to beat in this year's Tour de France. Despite the disappointment of not winning the stage, Evans remained positive and stated that he was satisfied with his performance. "I gave it everything I had," Evans said after the race, "and I'm happy with how I did. Chris was just too strong today." The stage win and yellow jersey are major victories for Team Sky, who have been preparing for this year's Tour de France for months. The team has been riding strong all the way since the start of the race, with Wiggins winning the prologue and maintaining a strong position throughout. The win also puts the spotlight on Froome, who has been performing brilliantly throughout the race. It remains to be seen whether he will be able to hold on to the King of the Mountains jersey or whether he will challenge Wiggins for the yellow jersey in the coming days. Fans and critics alike will no doubt be eagerly awaiting the next stages of the race, as the excitement of the Tour de France ramps up. With its stunning scenery, challenging terrain and world-class riders, this year's race is sure to be one for the history books.