article: By . Daniel Mills . Scott Turnbull said busy lifestyles mean people are forgetting to collect ashes . The remains of dead Australians dating back more than half a century are lying unclaimed on the shelves of funeral homes and crematoriums because people are 'too busy' to collect them. In one case, a family-owned funeral home in Tasmania has more than 200 boxed remains collecting dust on its shelves, and its company director is squaring the blame on people's modern lifestyles. Scott Turnbull from Turnbull Family Funerals said people's 'fast-paced lifestyles' are making them forget to claim their loved one's ashes. 'I think from our perspective most of the reasoning (people forget) is that we live in a fast-paced world and people don't take five minutes for anything,' he said. 'Everyone is too busy and they put things in front of them, and forget others.' The oldest ashes of a person he has date back to the 1950s, and because he was never instructed how to dispose of the remains with dignity, he feels obliged to keep them. Unclaimed funeral ashes are sitting on the shelves of funeral homes across Australia . It's creating a moral dilemma for directors of funeral homes more generally who are hoarding unclaimed urns and are unsure of what to do with them. Mr Turnbull said laws in Tasmania require funeral homes to hold on to ashes for two years, at which time they can choose how to dispose of them. He said family members can collect ashes 'days within the cremation' and if they are not collected straight away the funeral home usually gives people up to a year before making contact. 'We give next of kins and families the time they need to collect them,' he said, which could be anywhere from six to 12 months. 'We must show that we have made reasonable attempts to contact the family and it is then up to the individual funeral home, crematorium or cemetery how they want to dispose of them.' More than 200 ashes are waiting to be collected at Turnbull Family Funerals . But Mr Turnbull said out of dignity for the deceased, he usually holds onto them and in some cases people do eventually remember. 'Last year there was a lady ... who came back for her son's ashes and he died in 1969,' Mr Turnbull said. 'The lady who had made the inquiry was making a general inquiry and she didn't think for one moment he might still be here.' He said people should not allow busy schedules and lifestyles to cloud their memories and family members need to talk about wishes after they die. Mr Turnbull said some of the the most elaborate send offs are often the best. 'We have had some amazing things done,' he said. 'One person asked to be frozen into a block of ice and dropped into the water so that  as it melt the ashes drifted in to the sea.'
highlights: Tasmanian funeral director Scott Turnbull has 200 unclaimed remains . He said people's 'fast-paced lifestyles' making them forget to claim them . The oldest remains he has date back to the 1950s . He is hoarding unclaimed urns because he feels obliged to keep them .
id: 51cf62f9fbb871f04df9ddb116d2184fa0d01107
chatgpt: Tasmanian funeral director Scott Turnbull has been hoarding over 200 unclaimed remains at his funeral home, with some of the oldest dating back to the 1950s. Speaking to reporters, Turnbull explained that people's fast-paced lifestyles have contributed to the increasing number of unclaimed remains. "Sadly, many people nowadays just don't have the time to collect the ashes of their loved ones," said Turnbull. "We try to remind them, but it's not always possible. Eventually, we end up with a backlog of unclaimed urns." Despite the growing number of unclaimed remains, Turnbull feels obliged to keep them. He believes that it's his responsibility as a funeral director to make sure that every person is remembered and given the proper send-off they deserve. "I just can't imagine throwing away any of these urns. I feel like I have a duty to give them a proper resting place," he said. Turnbull is far from being the only funeral director to hoard unclaimed remains. According to the National Funeral Directors Association, there are thousands of unclaimed remains in funeral homes across the country. In most cases, the remains are left unclaimed because families don't have the resources to pay for them or have simply forgotten about them. However, Turnbull doesn't just leave the urns sitting collecting dust. He has taken it upon himself to make sure the remains are properly cared for until they can be claimed. This includes regularly checking the urns for damage and making sure that they are stored in a safe and secure location. "I want people to know that their loved ones are being taken care of, even if they haven't been claimed yet," Turnbull said. Despite Turnbull's commitment to caring for the unclaimed remains, he admits that it's a difficult situation to be in. He has the space to store the urns, but he worries that he's making things worse by not forcing families to collect them. "It's a Catch-22 situation. On the one hand, I don't want to pressure anyone into collecting their loved one's ashes before they are ready. But on the other hand, I don't want to keep them indefinitely. It's a tough balance to strike," he said. Turnbull hopes that by speaking out about the issue, he can encourage people to take the time to claim their loved ones' remains. He's calling on families to make arrangements for their loved ones' ashes as soon as possible, rather than putting it off for another day. "At the end of the day, it's about respecting the dead and honoring their memory. I urge anyone who has a loved one's remains at our funeral home or any other funeral home, to please come and collect them, so that they can rest in peace," Turnbull said. In the meantime, Turnbull will continue to care for the unclaimed remains, ensuring that they are treated with the respect and dignity that they deserve.