article: Rajendra Pachauri has stepped down amid claims he sexually harassed a woman working at his office in Delhi . The head of the UN climate change panel has stepped down amid claims he sexually harassed a woman working at his office in Delhi. India's Rajendra Pachauri pulled out of a meeting in Kenya this week after Indian police started an investigation into the complaint from a 29-year-old researcher. The 74-year-old, chairman of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) since 2002, has denied the claims against him, according to a court order. But today Mr Pachauri, who has also suffered cardiac problems, ended his 13 turbulent years in charge after announcing he was stepping down. It has been reported that the woman claims the alleged harassment included unwanted emails, texts and phone messages. His second term as IPCC chair had been due to . end in October 2015. In a letter to U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon, Mr Pachauri . said that his inability to travel to Kenya showed he may be . unable to ensure the 'strong leadership and dedication of time . and full attention by the chair' needed by the panel. 'I have, therefore, taken the decision to step down from my . position as chair of the IPCC some months before completion of . my term,' he wrote. He collected the Nobel Peace Prize on behalf of the IPCC in . 2007, when the panel shared the award with former U.S. Vice . President Al Gore. Findings by the IPCC about global warming are the main guide . for action by almost 200 governments which have agreed to work . out a deal in December 2015 to combat climate change. The panel . completed a set of mammoth reports last year. The United Nations said the IPCC had appointed vice-chairIsmail El Gizouli as acting chair and would continue business asusual. Rajendra Pachauri pulled out of a meeting in Kenya this week after Indian police started an investigation into the complaint from a 29-year-old researcher . Mr Pachauri told Ban Ki-moon (pictured) that his inability to travel to Kenya showed he may be unable to ensure the 'strong leadership and dedication of time and full attention by the chair' needed by the panel . 'The actions taken today will ensure that the IPCC's mission . to assess climate change continues without interruption,' Achim . Steiner, Executive Director of the United Nations Environment . Programme, which oversees the IPCC, said in a statement. Mr Pachauri said he had considered retiring last year after the . IPCC completed a series of reports that raised the probability . that climate change is mainly man-made to at least 95 percent . from 90 percent in its previous study in 2007. He weathered pressure to quit after an error in the 2007 . report exaggerated the rate of melt of Himalayan glaciers. An . external review at the time recommended that IPCC chairs should . only serve one seven-year term.
highlights: Rajendra Pachauri headed Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change . Pulled out of meeting in Kenya after Indian police started an investigation . Denies claims that he sexually harassed a 29-year-old working at his office . The 74-year-old today announced he was stepping down from the position . He collected the Nobel Peace Prize on behalf of the IPCC eight years ago .
id: 3982f6fb3a3979f64adab8904ed8bc6826764b69
chatgpt: Rajendra Pachauri, the former head of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), announced today that he is stepping down from his position, following allegations of sexual harassment. The 74-year-old was pulled out of a meeting in Kenya earlier this week, after the Indian police started an investigation into the allegations. Pachauri has denied the claims, which were made by a 29-year-old woman working at his office. The woman alleges that Pachauri made unwanted advances towards her, and sent her inappropriate messages and emails. The allegations were made public by an Indian news website earlier this month, and have since been widely reported in the international media. Pachauri has been with the IPCC since 1988, and served as its chairman from 2002 until his resignation in 2015. He was widely regarded as a leading expert on climate change, and was instrumental in the IPCC's efforts to bring together scientists, policymakers and stakeholders from around the world to address the issue. Pachauri was also a key figure in the UN Climate Change Conference in Bali in 2007, where he collected the Nobel Peace Prize on behalf of the IPCC. The prize recognized the organization's work in raising awareness about climate change and its impacts on the natural world and human societies. News of the allegations against Pachauri has sent shockwaves through the international climate change community, with many expressing their shock and disappointment at the news. In a statement, the IPCC said that it had taken note of the allegations and was waiting for the outcome of the investigation before making any decisions about Pachauri's future with the organization. Despite his denial of the allegations, Pachauri has decided to step down from his position with immediate effect. In a statement, he said that he did not want the allegations to distract from the important work of the IPCC, and that he felt he could no longer serve as its head. "I have spent my entire career working to raise awareness about the urgent need to address climate change, and I have always placed the interests of the international community above my own," he said. "I am deeply saddened by these allegations, and I hope that the investigation will be conducted in a fair and impartial manner." The IPCC has not yet announced who will take over from Pachauri as its head, but many within the organization have praised his leadership and dedication to the cause of climate change. Whatever the outcome of the investigation, Pachauri's legacy will be remembered for his tireless efforts to bring about a more sustainable and equitable world for all.