article: (CNN) -- Reigning world champion Sebastian Vettel has started the 2011 Formula One season as he finished the last, claiming pole position in qualifying ahead of Sunday's season-opening Australian Grand Prix in Melbourne. The Red Bull driver's lap of one minute and 23.529 seconds was enough to keep him 0.778 seconds ahead of McLaren's Lewis Hamilton, who will join him on the front row. Vettel's Australian teammate Mark Webber finished third fastest in front of his home crowd, with Hamilton's fellow McLaren driver Jenson Button in fourth position at Albert Park. Two-time world champion Fernando Alonso will start from fifth on the grid for Ferrari and Vitaly Petrov of Renault will also be on the third row after a lap of one minute 25.247 earned him sixth position. Will tires decide new Formula One season? Seven-time champion Michael Schumacher's qualifying woes from the 2010 campaign continued after he was eliminated at the end of the second round, which means the Mercedes driver will start from 11th position. Schumacher's fellow German and teammate Nico Rosberg qualified in seventh ahead of Ferrari's Felipe Massa in eighth, Kamui Kobayashi of Sauber in ninth and Toro Rosso's Sebastien Buemi in 10th. Vettel recorded the fastest lap without using the newly re-introduced KERS technology, which stores energy created when breaking and converts it into an extra boost of speed. "We didn't use it today and the reason for that will stay a secret!" the 23-year-old told Formula One's official website. "It was a very good day today and so far a very good weekend, and hopefully this will lead to our best Melbourne result ever. Formula One 2011 lowdown . "The gap (between Hamilton's time and Vettel's time) is almost irrelevant. It could be one thousandth or one second. You only have those eight meters between you and the guy in second position, nothing more, nothing less. And in a long race eight meters may mean very little." It was a disastrous session for Spain-based team Hispania Racing, who saw both of their drivers fall foul of a rule which states any driver whose best lap is not within of 107% of the fastest lap time in the first qualifying phase will not be allowed to take place in the race. As a result, India's Narain Karthikeyan and Vitantonio Liuzzi of Italy will not line-up on the grid for Sunday's race.
highlights: Reigning champion Sebastian Vettel on pole ahead of season-opening Australian GP . The Red Bull driver is ahead of Lewis Hamilton in second, and Mark Webber in third . Jenson Button in fourth position, with Ferrari's Fernando Alonso in sixth .
id: d46ec7e8156d405470581e71743e991daf8a0c29
chatgpt: The highly anticipated Formula One season kicked off in Melbourne, Australia with reigning champion Sebastian Vettel securing pole position on the grid. Driving for Red Bull, Vettel set a blistering lap time to edge out his main rival, Lewis Hamilton of Mercedes, who qualified in second place. Mark Webber, Vettel's teammate, secured third place on the grid, ensuring that Red Bull would take up the front row of the grid for the race. Jenson Button of McLaren, who won the Australian Grand Prix in 2012, qualified in fourth place, while the Ferrari duo of Felipe Massa and Fernando Alonso rounded out the top six. Vettel, who is aiming for a fourth consecutive championship title this season, was thrilled with his pole position. "It's good to start the season on the front foot," he said. "But the race is where the points are earned, so we need to focus on that now." Hamilton, who made the switch from McLaren to Mercedes over the offseason, was disappointed with his qualifying performance. "I struggled to find the right balance in the car, which made it difficult to set a quick lap time," he said. "But we'll work on it and come back stronger." Meanwhile, Webber was pleased with his third-place finish, given the fact that he had been struggling with the set-up of his car during practice sessions. "It was a good effort by the whole team to get us up here today," he said. "Hopefully we can convert this into a strong result tomorrow." Button expressed confidence in his car's race pace, despite qualifying fourth on the grid. "We've focused on long runs and we feel good about our race strategy," he said. "If we can stay out of trouble and execute our plan, we should be in a good position to challenge for the podium." Alonso, who won the championship in 2005 and 2006, was disappointed to qualify in sixth place, but remained realistic about his chances in the race. "It's not an ideal starting position, but we'll try to make up some places early on and see where we go from there," he said. The Australian Grand Prix, which takes place on Sunday, promises to be an exciting race, with the top six drivers separated by less than half a second in qualifying. Vettel will be hoping to come out on top once again, while Hamilton and Webber will be aiming to put pressure on him from behind. It remains to be seen who will emerge victorious in the first race of the season.