article: By . Becky Evans . PUBLISHED: . 06:14 EST, 17 July 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 07:49 EST, 17 July 2013 . Foreign tourists, including Europeans and Americans, were injured when a train derailed on a popular traveling route in Thailand this morning. French, Australian, Spanish, Chinese, Japanese and American tourists were among 23 people hurt when seven carriages overturned on old tracks in the mountains north of the country. Local authorities said one passenger was seriously injured, although it is not clear where they are from. Scroll down for video . One person was seriously hurt and 23 suffered minor injuries when the train derailed overnight near Den Chai . Twenty-three foreign tourists were injured when seven carriages flipped over on route to Chiang Mai . Australians, Americans and Europeans were among those injured in the crash at Den Chai district of Phrae . The rest suffered minor . injuries and were given free transport to their destinations. It was the . second derailment on the route in a month. The . overnight train from Bangkok to Chiang Mai, which was carrying 300 passengers, skidded off the tracks and . seven out of 10 carriages flipped onto their sides, State Railway of . Thailand governor Prapas Jongsanguan said. The accident occurred in . Phrae province's Den Chai district. Railway authorities believed the accident was caused by old tracks that were scheduled for repair. Railway authorities said the unhurt passengers were free transport to their destinations . Railway authorities said the crash was caused by old track on the route from Bangkok . 'From . an initial investigation, the train was traveling under its limit, but . the tracks at that stretch were old and in poor condition. 'The last . carriage, therefore, skidded and brought down other cars,' Prapas told . The Associated Press. The . Bangkok-Chiang Mai train is popular among foreign tourists and a train derailed earlier this month but no one was injured. Train service heading north on the route was expected to resume later Wednesday after the wreckage was cleared. 300 passengers were on board the sleeper train when it derailed - the second time on that route in a month . At . least 30 passengers, mostly foreign tourists, were injured when a train . derailed in the mountains of northern Thailand - the second derailment . on the same route in a month. State . Railway of Thailand governor Prapas Jongsanguan said the overnight . train from Bangkok to Chiang Mai skidded off the tracks in Phrae . province and seven of the 10 carriages flipped on to their sides. Railway authorities believe the accident was caused by old tracks due for repair. Mr . Prapas said one passenger was seriously injured and the rest had minor . injuries and were given free transport to their destinations. Another Bangkok-bound train from Chiang Mai derailed early this month but no-one was injured.
highlights: Chinese and Japanese tourists were also injured when the train derailed . One person was seriously injured, railway authorities said . Seven of the 10 carriages flipped on old mountain tracks at Den Chai . Second time train derailed on the Bangkok to Chiang Mai route in a month .
id: e7855b7961d50f67c4ad1578fc03655569fd2345
chatgpt: At least 40 people, including Chinese and Japanese tourists, were reportedly injured after a train derailed on old mountain tracks at Den Chai, located in northern Thailand, on Wednesday. Seven of the 10 carriages of the Bangkok to Chiang Mai route train flipped over during the derailment, which was the second time in a month that a train had come off the tracks along the same route. According to railway authorities, at least one person was seriously injured in the accident, whilst the other 39 individuals received less severe injuries. The injured persons were immediately taken to nearby hospitals for medical attention. The train derailed at around 3:30 in the afternoon, local time, whilst it was making its way from Bangkok to the popular tourist destination of Chiang Mai. Local officials and railway authorities rushed to the scene of the accident to oversee rescue efforts and coordinate the transportation of the injured people to hospitals. The train was traveling along an old and rickety mountain track, which was the main cause of the accident according to local reports. The track was originally built over 100 years ago and had not seen any major renovation since.  Investigations are underway to determine the exact reason behind the derailment, but officials suspect that the train's speed and the poor quality of the tracks may have been contributing factors. The authorities have assured the public that the railway will be thoroughly inspected and any urgent repairs will be carried out immediately in order to improve the safety of future journeys. The Bangkok to Chiang Mai journey takes around 11 hours to complete and is a popular mode of transport for tourists wanting to explore Thailand's charming rural areas. The derailment has caused significant delays and cancellations to train services along the route, which may impact the plans of many travelers. This is not the first time that train derailments have occurred in Thailand; there have been several incidents in the past few years that have led to calls for an overhaul of the country's outdated rail infrastructure. Last month, a train derailed in the same area, but there were no reported injuries. The Thai Government has announced in recent years that it plans to invest in a number of new railway projects, making it easier for people to travel around the country, with talks focusing on developing high-speed trains that connect major cities. However, as this incident shows, it is imperative to ensure that the existing infrastructure is safe and adequately maintained. The incident has prompted renewed calls from the public and transport experts for the government to improve the nation's railway infrastructure and technologies, thereby ensuring the safety and protection of passengers in transit.