article: The new tax will add just over 1p to a can of fizzy drink such as Coca-Cola . France is to impose a 'fat tax' on sugary soft drinks in a bid to combat soaring child obesity. The new tax will add just over 1p to a can of fizzy drink like Coca-Cola or Fanta but zero-calorie 'diet' drinks will be exempt from the charges, the government said. The new measures - a hike of from 3 to 6 Euro cents per litre on sugary drinks - are also expected to raise more than £100 million a year for government coffers. The revenue would be used to fund lower social security charges for farm workers, the government said. The move comes days after France also announced it would be rationing tomato ketchup and salt in school canteens. Under the rules, tomato sauce and mayonnaise will only be on dinner tables once a week when chips are served and would be removed when traditional French dishes such as roast veal are served. Denmark also recently announced a new higher tax on foods containing high levels of saturated fat. French MP Gilles Carrez said of his country's latest soft drinks tax: 'This project will have both health benefits as children turn away from sugary drinks, and revenue benefits for our core agricultural workforce.' A recent study found a fast-food diet of junk food is turning the traditionally skinny French into a nation of fatties. More than 20 million French people are now overweight and seven million of those are clinically obese - double the figure for 14 years ago, according to France's National Institute for Health and Medical Research. Despite still being officially Europe's second thinnest people, the weight of the average French person has soared by half a stone to 11 stone 4lbs since 1997, the report found. Obesity: Government's are now tackling excessive weight gain in their populations and are targeting sugary drinks. France is bringing in measures to ration mayonnaise and tomato ketchup in schools . A French health ministry spokesman added: 'We French may be among the least overweight in Europe but we have nothing to be complacent about. 'Obesity is rising as swiftly in France as it is in other EU countries and action must be taken before it gets any more serious.' Europe's fattest nation is Greece, where 70 per cent of people are overweight, and 30 per cent are obese. Britons are Europe's fifth fattest, behind Germany, Finland and Ireland, according to a TNS Sofres survey of 500,000 people across the EU. The NHS defines being overweight as having a body mass index - your weight to height ratio - of between 25 and 30, and obese as over 30.
highlights: New laws come days after announcement that tomato ketchup and mayonnaise will be rationed in schools . 20 million French people are overweight, survey says .
id: 3747e58a416a179a337b56ffc4d0f227a74c1114
chatgpt: French lawmakers have recently passed a series of new laws aimed at curbing the country's growing obesity epidemic. The laws come just days after the announcement that tomato ketchup and mayonnaise will be rationed in schools, in an effort to cut down on unhealthy eating habits among students. According to a new survey, 20 million French people are considered to be overweight, which translates to roughly one-third of the country's population. The study found that overconsumption of unhealthy foods, combined with a sedentary lifestyle, were the primary causes of this widespread issue. One of the new laws requires all French restaurants to offer a vegetarian option on their menus, in an effort to promote healthier eating habits. This law has been met with mixed reactions, as some feel that it infringes on the freedom of restaurant owners to run their businesses as they see fit. However, many health advocates see this as a necessary step towards reducing the prevalence of obesity in France. Another new law requires all vending machines to offer healthier snack options, including fresh fruit and whole-grain crackers. These new regulations will also include calorie labeling on vending machine products, in order to promote greater awareness of the nutritional content of the snacks that people are consuming. The new laws have been met with some skepticism, as critics point out that the government cannot control what people choose to eat. However, proponents argue that these new regulations are not meant to control people's eating habits, but rather to provide them with healthier options. It is clear that the French government is taking a proactive approach to tackling the issue of obesity. The new laws come as part of a broader effort to promote healthy lifestyles, which includes initiatives like community fitness programs and increased access to fresh fruits and vegetables. One thing is certain: the prevalence of obesity in France is a serious issue that demands attention. With a third of the country's population considered overweight, it is clear that more needs to be done in order to promote healthy eating habits and active lifestyles. Whether these new laws will be effective remains to be seen. However, the fact that the government is taking steps to address the problem is a positive sign. Ultimately, it will be up to individuals to make the choice to live healthier lifestyles. But with the right policies in place, it is possible that we will see a reduction in obesity rates in France in the years to come.