article: Jermain Defoe was left to eat humble pie after frontman Gilberto proved just why he should be Toronto's free-kick taker against New York Red Bulls on Friday night. The former Tottenham striker argued with the Brazilian after the MLS side were awarded a set-piece just outside the area. However, Defoe, who had even whacked the ball out of Gilberto's grasp during the heated exchange, had to watch on as his fellow attacker unleashed a thunderous shot into the roof of the net which left the goalkeeper with no chance. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Gilberto's thunderous free-kick for Toronto . My ball! Toronto frontman Jermain Defoe argues with team-mate Gilberto over who should take the free-kick . Thunderbolt: Gilberto fires the set-piece into the top net to score for Toronto against New York Red Bulls . All smiles: Defoe laughs after Gilberto proves exactly why he was right to take the free-kick for Toronto . Gilberto, clearly glad to have proved his point, ran straight to the touchline to celebrate. Defoe couldn't hide his amusement and laughed to himself as he raced over to congratulate his team-mate. Having squabbled just a minute earlier, the pair were all smiles as they carried out a choreographed handshake before embracing on the pitch. The Canadian side, managed by former Blackburn defender Ryan Nelsen, let victory slip in the dying embers of the game as the league's top scorer Bradley Wright-Phillips struck a late equaliser in the third minute of added time to seal a 2-2 draw. Tim Cahill, who came on after 78 minutes following having returned from Brazil after representing Australia at the World Cup, set up the dramatic finish by flicking a header towards the six-yard box as Wright-Phillips' slotted the ball past goalkeeper Joe Bendik. New York had opened the scoring when Peguy Luyindula headed home Ambroise Oyongo Bitolo's cross on 36 minutes before Defoe levelled the scores with a clever finish early in the second half. Pals: Defoe congratulates Gilberto as the pair carry out a special handshake following the Brazilian's strike .
highlights: Jermain Defoe argued with Toronto team-mate Gilberto over free-kick duties during draw with Thierry Henry's new York Red Bulls . Former Tottenham striker involved in heated exchange before whacking ball from Brazilian's grasp . Frontman humbled as Gilberto rifled thunderous set-piece into roof of net .
id: dd49aa41bcce1d3be0b90dea295e995eef9cfeb5
chatgpt: Jermain Defoe's stint at Toronto FC may have only begun recently, but already it looks like the striker is causing a stir among his teammates. During a recent match against Thierry Henry's New York Red Bulls, Defoe was seen arguing with his fellow team member Gilberto over who should be taking free kicks.  According to sources at the game, tensions were high as Toronto needed a goal to lift themselves out of a draw. With several free kick opportunities, both Defoe and Gilberto were vying for the chance to take the ball. In a heated exchange, Defoe was seen forcefully taking the ball out of Gilberto's hand, before launching it at the net himself. Unfortunately, for the Englishman, it was not as successful as he had hoped. The ball sailed above the crossbar and out of play. But it was Gilberto who had the last laugh, as minutes later he took the opportunity to take a free kick himself. With a thunderous blast, Gilberto sent the ball flying past the Red Bull's keeper and into the roof of the net.  The Toronto fans erupted in excitement as the Brazilian confidently strutted back to his half, while Defoe appeared humbled by the turn of events. In the end, the match ended in a 1-1 draw, giving both teams a point each. However, the incident has left some fans questioning the team dynamics within the Toronto FC squad. With Defoe only recently signing up with the MLS team, some have wondered if his role in the team has caused friction among other players. Regardless of the outcome, it seems clear that the competitiveness of both Defoe and Gilberto could lead to potential conflict in the future. However, many fans are still excited to see what this new-look Toronto FC can do for the rest of the 2014 MLS season. As for the Toronto FC management, it is unclear if any disciplinary action will be taken against Jermain Defoe for his behavior on the pitch. But it has been confirmed that the management team will be holding discussions about the incident and looking at ways of improving communication between players in future matches.