article: (CNN) -- Amid British tabloid reports over the weekend that celebrity chef Nigella Lawson was grabbed around the neck by her husband, Charles Saatchi, London police said Monday that a man accepted a warning related to the case. London's Metropolitan Police say a 70-year-old man "accepted a caution for assault" at a police station on Monday afternoon. Police did not name the man, but several UK media outlets named him as Saatchi. "Officers from the community safety unit at Westminster were aware of the Sunday People article which published on Sunday 16th June and carried out an investigation," a Metropolitan Police spokesman told CNN. "This afternoon Monday 17th June, a 70-year-old man voluntarily attended a central London police station and accepted a caution for assault," the spokesman said. CNN contacted Saatchi's company for comment but has not received a response. According to a UK government website, a caution is issued for minor crimes. Opinion: The rich and famous are not immune to domestic abuse . "Cautions are given to adults aged 18 or over for minor crimes - eg writing graffiti on a bus shelter," the website says. "You have to admit an offence and agree to be cautioned. If you don't agree, you can be arrested and charged. "A caution is not a criminal conviction, but it could be used as evidence of bad character if you go to court for another crime." Sunday People, part of the stable of tabloids published by the Mirror Group, published the photos Sunday of Lawson and Saatchi at a restaurant. The tabloid's website includes the caption: "Nigella Lawson attacked in public by Charles Saatchi." Earlier a representative for Lawson confirmed that the chef and her children had moved out of their home. Saatchi also denied the reports of an attack in another British newspaper. "About a week ago, we were sitting outside a restaurant having an intense debate about the children, and I held Nigella's neck repeatedly while attempting to emphasize my point," Saatchi, an art dealer and former advertising mogul, told The Evening Standard. "There was no grip, it was a playful tiff. The pictures are horrific but give a far more drastic and violent impression of what took place. Nigella's tears were because we both hate arguing, not because she had been hurt," he added. "We had made up by the time we were home. The paparazzi were congregated outside our house after the story broke yesterday morning, so I told Nigella to take the kids off till the dust settled." The restaurant involved told CNN that its employees did not witness any such incident. Lawson's Facebook page is filled with messages from fans expressing their support for her. Lawson is known as the "queen of food porn." She has written numerous successful cookbooks and hosted TV shows. Watch a CNN interview with Nigella Lawson . CNN's Richard Greene and Bharati Naik contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: A man accepted a warning related to the alleged incident, London police say . Nigella Lawson and her children have moved out of their home, a spokesman says . Lawson's husband, Charles Saatchi, denies a report that he attacked her . Sunday People published photos of Saatchi's hand apparently holding Lawson's neck .
id: c2fa85b4c2bebee5f8f991287e3ed3d696e8e1e4
chatgpt: In a stunning development, London police announced that a man has accepted a warning related to an alleged attack on Nigella Lawson, one of Britain's most beloved celebrity chefs. Lawson, who is 53, has been at the center of a media firestorm after photos of her husband, Charles Saatchi, apparently holding her neck were published in the Sunday People newspaper. Saatchi, a wealthy art collector, has denied the report that he attacked Lawson, 53. However, the incident has cast a dark cloud over the couple's relationship, and has even led to Lawson and her children moving out of their home. According to a spokesperson for Lawson, the move was made to protect the privacy of the couple's children. "We would ask that you respect their privacy and allow them to deal with this matter privately," the spokesperson said in a statement. Meanwhile, the London Metropolitan Police have confirmed that they issued a warning to a man related to the alleged attack on Lawson. The man, whose identity has not been released, has apparently accepted the warning without further incident. The incident has sent shockwaves through the media world, as Lawson is widely regarded as one of the most popular chefs in the UK. She has also built up a strong following in the US, and has several successful TV shows under her belt. In recent years, Lawson has been embroiled in controversy over allegations of drug use, but has always denied any wrongdoing. However, this latest incident is likely to cast a fresh spotlight on her personal life, and may even impact her ability to continue working in the public eye. Lawson and Saatchi have been married since 2003, and are known for their extravagant lifestyle and love of fine dining. However, this latest incident may force them to re-evaluate their relationship and their public image. As news of the incident continues to spread, many fans of Lawson have expressed their concern and support. "I just hope that Nigella is okay, and that she has the support she needs right now," one fan commented on social media. Despite the public outcry, both Lawson and Saatchi have remained quiet on the subject, and it remains to be seen what the future holds for one of the UK's most high-profile couples. For now, however, it seems that the incident has caused a major upheaval in their personal lives, and has brought unwanted attention to their relationship.