article: By . Alex Lazcano for Daily Mail Australia . The search for missing Queenslander Peter Maynard continues on the island of Nusa Lembongan off the coast off Bali. Mr Maynard has been missing for 11 days but his family has not given up hope. The search party grew on Saturday with more surfers, expats and family joining in. His wife, Kylie flew to Bali with Mr Maynard's brother John and other relatives on Thursday. Scroll down for video . The search continues for 46-year-old Queensland man Peter Maynard who was last seen on August 27 off the coast of Nusa Lembongan island . The father of three was last seen having breakfast by hotel staff at the Nusa Indah Bungalow on August 27. It was only when he failed to check out the next day that alarm bells started ringing. Hotel staff found his possessions intact and his wallet by the bathroom sink. The Maynard family is considering hiring a helicopter to get an aerial view of the area. It is believed Mr Maynard may have gone out for a surf before going missing as one of his three surfboards was missing. Police say the conditions that day were relatively calm while local surfers contradict this. The case has baffled police, who believe if Mr Maynard did go missing in the surf, they would have found his board by now. Nusa Penida police chief Nyoman Suarsika told Nine News that private boat owners and fishermen are helping, with all told to look out for a surfboard or a person who looks lost. 'The result is still zero,' he said. Friends of Mr Maynard and his family are appealing to anyone who was in the Nusa Lembongan area and might have seen him to come forward. 'He was wearing a bright blue surf vest or rashie and dark-coloured board shorts and his surfboard is white, a Hammo brand,' his brother John Maynard said. 'We will continue to work with local police, the Australian consulate and surf and rescue authorities in the hope that together we can find Peter and bring this matter to an end.' His friends Nicholas and Katrina Thorpe are also appealing via the Facebook page Bali Expat for anyone who might have seen him or know of his whereabouts to contact them. 'If they visited Nusa Lembongan Island around the same time Peter did if they could go through photos and have a think about who they saw,' Mr Thorpe told ABC News. Katrina Thorpe, a family friend of Peter Maynard appeals to Balinese expats to join the search for Peter .
highlights: The search continues for Queensland man Peter Maynard who is missing . He was last seen on August 27 off the coast of island, Nusa Lembongan . His family is considering hiring a chopper to search for him . His friends have turned to social media in hopes someone has information .
id: 1e442e542825f9f19d811af56116601ed95a93b3
chatgpt: Authorities and loved ones are continuing their search for Queensland man Peter Maynard, who vanished while reportedly on a surfing trip off the coast of Nusa Lembongan, an island in Indonesia. Maynard was last seen on August 27, prompting concern about his well-being. Maynard's family is now considering hiring a helicopter to aid in the search, which thus far has yielded no results. They are holding onto hope that he may still be alive and are imploring anyone with information on his whereabouts to come forward. In addition to the efforts of authorities and Maynard's family, his friends have turned to social media in hopes of generating leads. Posts have been shared widely on Facebook and Instagram, with many expressing their shock and sadness at his disappearance. "Please help us find Peter Maynard," wrote one friend. "He's an amazing human and we need him back with his family who love him so much." Another post urged anyone who may have seen Maynard to speak up, no matter how insignificant the sighting may seem. "Every bit of information could be useful in finding him," the post said. Maynard's disappearance has also drawn attention from the wider surfing community, many of whom are familiar with the area where he was last seen. Concerns about safety have been raised, with some commenting that the ocean can be treacherous in the region. Despite the increasing sense of urgency and ongoing search efforts, no new clues have emerged as to Maynard's whereabouts. Friends and family remain hopeful, however, that they will soon receive good news. "We're praying for a miracle," said one family member. "We won't rest until we find him."  As the search continues, authorities have requested that anyone with information about Maynard's disappearance contact them immediately. They have also warned visitors to the area to exercise caution, especially when engaging in water-based activities.