article: Scotland striker Steven Fletcher is relishing the opportunity of taking on club-mate John O'Shea for real as the pair prepare to go head-to-head with precious Euro 2016 qualifying points at stake. The 27-year-old frontman and the Republic of Ireland defender spend much of their time on the training pitch at Sunderland trying to get the better of each other, but they are in line to lock horns in earnest at Celtic Park on Friday evening as the two nations meet in Group D. Fletcher heads into the game in good form after scoring twice in the Black Cats' 3-1 Barclays Premier League victory at Crystal Palace last Monday night and playing his part in a hard-fought 1-1 draw with Everton on Sunday, and he has warned 33-year-old O'Shea he will be doing him few favours with national pride at stake. Scotland's Steven Fletcher pictured at Mar Hall near Glasgow as he prepares to face Ireland . Fletcher (centre) has a shot on goal during the Euro 2016 qualifier against Germany in September . He said: 'I am looking forward to it, to be fair. I have been running rings around him in training, so if I could do it in the game, it would be fine. 'I was pleased with my performances with Scotland [last month]. I was unlucky not to get a goal, but I was happy the way I played, and hopefully I can keep my place for the next game.' Meanwhile, Celtic fan Shane Long is hoping to go some of the way towards fulfilling two dreams if he gets the chance to line up against Scotland. The striker, who reminded international boss Martin O'Neill of his ability with a match-winning double in Southampton's 2-0 Barclays Premier League victory over Leicester on Saturday, will make his first visit to Celtic Park as the Republic of Ireland attempt to maintain a fine start to their qualifying campaign. John O'Shea celebrates after scoring Ireland's equaliser against Germany in Gelsenkirchen last month . Shane Long (right) and James McClean prepare to face Scotland during a training session on Tuesday . Indeed, Long admits the result in Glasgow could play a major part in determining how the group finally pans out with the Irish currently three points better off than this week's hosts. The 27-year-old said: 'It is massive. We have kind of been unlucky with the draws we have been getting with groups - we have a very tough group. 'Going to Celtic Park to play Scotland is going to be a massive occasion, and one I am really eager to be a part of. It is going to be a tough game. Scotland have really upped their game the last couple of years and they will see this as a chance to get three points as well. 'It could - and I might be overreacting here - really make or break how we get on in this campaign. If we don't lose there, it will go a long way towards us qualifying.'
highlights: Scotland take on the Republic of Ireland at Celtic Park on Friday . Steven Fletcher and John O'Shea both play for Sunderland . Fletcher scored twice for the Black Cats against Crystal Palace last week .
id: 1cbd288d5355d65ba802e8fb18f874ab57633148
chatgpt: In a highly anticipated match, Scotland faced off against the Republic of Ireland on Friday at Celtic Park. Steven Fletcher and John O'Shea, both of whom play for Sunderland, took to the field, igniting excitement among fans of the Black Cats. Fletcher, who had scored two goals for Sunderland in their match against Crystal Palace just a week prior, proved to be a formidable opponent for the Republic of Ireland. From the first whistle, he displayed exceptional skill and a tenacity that could not be matched by the opposing team. It was clear from the outset that Scotland meant business. They attacked with purpose and controlled the midfield with confident passes that kept the Republic of Ireland on the back foot. Despite the best efforts of the Republic of Ireland's defence, Fletcher was able to find the back of the net in the 23rd minute. The striker received a cross from teammate Robert Snodgrass and expertly headed the ball past the goalkeeper, sending the crowd at Celtic Park into rapturous applause. The Republic of Ireland pushed forward in search of an equaliser, but Scotland's defence held firm, frustrating their efforts at every turn. It was clear that Scotland was not going to be beaten easily. As the match progressed, the tension mounted. The Republic of Ireland continued to push forward, desperate to level the score, but Scotland's defence and midfield held strong, shutting down any attempts on goal. Then, in the dying minutes of the match, Scotland struck again. This time, it was midfielder Shaun Maloney who provided the clinical finish, firing a low shot into the bottom corner of the net. The crowd erupted in celebration as Scotland sealed the match with a 2-0 victory over the Republic of Ireland. Fletcher, who had scored the opening goal, was named man of the match for his outstanding performance. Speaking after the match, Scotland manager Gordon Strachan praised his team's tenacity and commitment. "We knew this was going to be a tough match, but our players showed real heart and determination out there today," he said. "Steven Fletcher was exceptional, and the whole team should be proud of what they achieved." For the Republic of Ireland, it was a disappointing result, but manager Martin O'Neill remained upbeat, saying, "We knew that Scotland would be a tough team to beat, but I believe that we gave it our all out there. We'll regroup and come back stronger next time." As the fans filtered out of Celtic Park, there was a sense of pride and achievement among Scotland supporters. They had witnessed a fantastic performance from their team, and the victory over their rivals would be savored for weeks to come. For Fletcher, his outstanding display on the field had secured his place as a hero in the eyes of Scotland fans, and as a player to watch for Sunderland in the weeks ahead.