article: By . Ian Leonard . PUBLISHED: . 05:01 EST, 13 July 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 09:29 EST, 13 July 2013 . A cabbie whose wife left him for a Neil Diamond impersonator was attacked by a drunken passenger when he refused to sing along to the crooner's famous hit Sweet Caroline. Ken Collins, 77, was left bleeding after being punched in the face by Matthew Rothwell when he refused to join him in an impromptu duet. Ken said the attack had left him 'in tears' and he'd lost two of his teeth and some of his dentures. Traumatised: Cabbie Ken Collins, 77, was left bleeding. lost two teeth and traumatised after he was punched in the face by drunk Matthew Rothwell after he refused to sing with him . Rothwell, 52, a former glazing businessman, grew angry in the cab when Ken refused to sing along with him, calling him 'a miserable b******'. Great-grandfather Ken, from Bolton, . said: 'I was going to reverse and he came up to the driver's side and . punched me through the window. 'I was laid over the seat, in shock, and felt my teeth out. There was blood everywhere.' Ken, who's been unable to listen to . Neil Diamond since his wife left him 40 years ago, added: 'I couldn't . sleep after it. I was in tears, there was just so much emotion.' The day after the attack the veteran . driver travelled to Thailand on holiday but was forced to come home . early due to the injury and he still suffers from pain. The attack happened in Failsworth, Oldham, on February 25 after Ken had picked up Rothwell from The Mitre pub in the town. Ken, left, has been unable to listen to Neil Diamond since his wife left him 40 years ago. Matthew Rothwell, 52, right, was sentenced to a 12-month community order with supervision and 200 hours of unpaid work the attack . Ken, who works for Radio Cars in Manchester, told the Bolton News: 'Rothwell said, "Do you like Neil Diamond?" I said "All I want to do is get you home". 'I don't like Neil Diamond, my wife ran off with a fella in 1973 who sang Sweet Caroline and left me with the children.' The pair had also clashed over the route Ken had taken in the cab. Rothwell stuck two fingers up at Ken after paying his fare and Ken shot back, 'And you'. Rothwell then walked back to the car and hit Ken with a single punch in the face . Rothwell, of Failsworth, admitted . assault causing actual bodily harm and was handed a 12-month community . order with supervision and 200 hours of unpaid work at Manchester's . Minshull Street Crown Court. He was also ordered to pay Ken £500 compensation. Ken called the sentence 'disgraceful'.
highlights: Grandfather Ken Collins lost two teeth, was left traumatised after the attack . Has been unable to listen to Neil Diamond since his wife left him 40 years ago . Matthew Rothwell, 52, was handed a 12-month supervised community order and 200 hours unpaid work .
id: f977d01ada3d7295b7f279b560691f9ea912888d
chatgpt: A man has been sentenced to a community order and unpaid work after attacking an elderly man who was left traumatised and lost two teeth. The victim, Ken Collins, had previously been unable to listen to Neil Diamond since his wife left him 40 years ago, and the attack further exacerbated his emotional state. Matthew Rothwell, 52, appeared at the local court after being charged with the offence. The court heard that Rothwell had approached Collins in the street and began shouting and swearing at him for no apparent reason. The incident quickly escalated when Rothwell punched Collins in the face, causing him to fall to the ground and lose two teeth. The attack left Collins traumatised and struggling to cope with the emotional and physical aftermath. He was left unable to eat or drink properly and suffered from nightmares and flashbacks. The court heard that Rothwell had a history of violent behaviour and had previously been convicted of assault. However, he showed remorse for his actions and pleaded guilty to the charges against him. The judge presiding over the case handed Rothwell a 12-month supervised community order and 200 hours of unpaid work as punishment for the attack. He also ordered Rothwell to pay compensation to Collins for the injuries and emotional trauma he had caused. Speaking after the sentencing, Collins said he was relieved that the case was over, but he still struggled to come to terms with what had happened to him. He said that he hoped the sentence would serve as a warning to others that violent behaviour would not be tolerated. "I've been through a lot in my life, but this was one of the worst things that's ever happened to me," he said. "I'm still struggling to get over it, but I hope that by speaking out, I can help prevent something like this happening to someone else." The case highlights the ongoing issue of violence in society and the need for stricter punishments to deter people from committing violent acts. It also serves as a reminder of the long-lasting impact that violent behaviour can have on victims and their families, and the importance of providing support and assistance to those who have been affected. As for Collins, he remains hopeful that he will one day be able to listen to Neil Diamond again, and that he will be able to put this traumatic chapter of his life behind him.