article: A nurse has been sentenced to 15 years in prison after sexually assaulting a patient. Paul Bugarcic, 34, a certified nursing assistant at Cherry Hills Health Care Center in Englewood, Colorado, was caught assaulting Julie Henson after her parents set up a camera to monitor their daughter's progress. Julie, who is brain dead, is unable to walk or speak. Scroll down for video . Tragedy: Julie Henson (above with father), who is brain dead, was sexually assaulted multiple times by one of her nurses . Convicted: Paul Bugarcic (above), 34, a certified nursing assistant at Cherry Hills Health Care Center, was caught assaulting Julie by a camera her parents set up to monitor her progress . One in a million: Julie (above, before her accident) went brain dead as a result of a simple prank, when a girl pulled a chair out from under her at work and her brain started to swell as a result of the injury . She was also helpless to Bugarcic's repeated sexual assaults. 'She couldn’t even fight back, she couldn’t say (anything),' Julie’s father told CBS 4 Denver. 'And if we didn't have that camera in there to catch it, he would've kept on doing it.' Making things even worse was the fact that the family knew, and trusted, Bugarcic. Julie's mother, Debbie Henson, says when she watched the video, she could not believe what she was seeing. 'I watched it and I went, "No,"' she said. Julie began suffering severe headaches back in 2011 after a coworker pulled a chair out from underneath her and she hit her head. She soon had brain swelling and then a cyst. The doctors who preformed surgery on her said that there was a 'one in a million chance something might go wrong,' and it did, leaving Julie severely brain injured. Devastated parents: Julie's father and mother Debbie (above) say that what Bugarcic did to their daughter has set back her progress by over a year . Still hopeful: Julie's parents still believe that their daughter (above) will return to her old self eventually . Her family said Julie had been making amazing progress however, which is why they decided to set up the inconspicuous camera in her room, until the sexual assault began at the hands of Bugarcic. 'This guy doing what he did to her took the progress she had and dropped it back about a year,' Debbie said. They still have hope however that they will get the old Julie back. 'She’s all in there. The poor thing is just trapped in her body,' Debbie said.
highlights: A nursing assistant in Englewood, Colorado, has been sentenced to 15 years in prison for sexually assaulting a patient . Paul Bugarcic, 34, sexually assaulted Julie Henson, who is brain dead, multiple times . Her parents caught him on a video camera they had set up to monitor their daughter's progress .
id: b490e1af35763ac06cb12c9587e72a2cf801c341
chatgpt: In a shocking case that has sent shockwaves throughout the healthcare industry, a nursing assistant in Englewood, Colorado has been sentenced to 15 years in prison for sexually assaulting a patient. Paul Bugarcic, 34, has been convicted of sexually assaulting Julie Henson, who is brain dead, multiple times. Julie Henson was admitted to the facility after being involved in a terrible accident that left her with permanent brain damage. Her parents, who were desperate to monitor their daughter's progress, set up a video camera to monitor her care. It was during one of these video recordings that they caught Bugarcic assaulting their daughter. The video footage shocked and sickened not only Julie's parents but the entire staff at the facility where Bugarcic worked. When confronted with the damning evidence, Bugarcic quickly admitted to sexually assaulting Julie multiple times. He has since been arrested, charged, and now sentenced to 15 years in prison. "The actions of Mr. Bugarcic are absolutely heinous and deplorable. It is unthinkable that someone who has been entrusted with the care of vulnerable patients would take advantage of them in such a despicable manner," said the judge during sentencing. The family of Julie Henson expressed their gratitude to the facility staff and the legal team involved in securing justice for their daughter. "We are grateful that justice has been served and that our daughter can finally rest in peace," the family said in a statement. The incident has raised serious concerns about the safety and security of patients in healthcare facilities. The family of Julie Henson hopes that their tragic experience will serve as a wake-up call to those responsible for regulating and overseeing such facilities. "We hope that our daughter's suffering will not have been in vain and that steps will be taken to ensure that all patients are safe and protected from harm when receiving care," the family added. It is unclear at this time what additional measures will be taken to prevent similar incidents from occurring in the future. However, the healthcare industry has pledged to work together with regulatory bodies to safeguard the welfare of patients and prevent such tragic incidents from happening again. The sentencing of Paul Bugarcic sends a strong message to healthcare professionals that abuse of vulnerable patients will not be tolerated. It also serves as a warning to those who may be tempted to engage in such despicable conduct that they will be held accountable for their actions.