article: By . John Hall . This is the hilarious moment three snapping turtles got stuck on top of each other when one of them stopped abruptly and the two behind failed to notice. The . photographs of the reptilian pile-up were taken at Haus des Meeres Aqua . Terra Zoo in Vienna, Austria by 45-year-old Hans Jorg Leth. The retail manager, who lives in the city of Graz, said he took the comical photograph after spending an afternoon at the zoo earlier this month. Pile-up: The hilarious accident took place when the first snapping turtle stopped abruptly. The two following closely behind him failed to notice he had come to a halt and were moving too quickly to stop in time, leaving the trio piled on top off one another . After the initial three-turtle pile up, several more lined up behind. Within just a few minutes seven turtles were left waiting patiently in line for the first turtle to get himself moving again. 'There were a lot of visitors at the zoo on the day I took that picture,' Mr Leth said. 'It seems that the first snapping turtle stopped to have a view of the crazy looking visitors who were staring at him... There were two other turtles walking behind him and were going too fast to stop in time,' he added. 'The three turtles all landed on top of each other - it was very funny,' he went on to say. What's the hold up? After the initial three-turtle pile up, several more lined up behind. Within just a few minutes seven turtles were left waiting patiently in line for the first turtle to get himself moving again. The photographs of the reptilian pile-up were taken at Haus des Meeres Aqua Terra Zoo in Vienna, Austria . Common snapping turtles, with their powerful beak-like jaws and highly mobile head and neck, are known for their aggressive personality when out of the water. Their natural habitat extends from southeastern Canada to the Rocky Mountains in Colorado, and as far east as Nova Scotia and Florida. In some areas they are hunted very heavily for their meat, as they are a popular ingredient in turtle soup. Some common snapping turtles have lived for up to 47 years in captivity, but the lifespan of those in the wild is estimated to be around 30 years. Haus des Meeres Aqua Terra Zoo opened in 1957 and is one of Austria's best known aquariums - housing over 10,000 aquatic beings in an area of around 43,000 square feet. It is run for no profit by the privately owned Aqua Terra Zoo organisation, and attracts an estimated 430,000 visitors every year.
highlights: One snapping turtle came to a sudden halt, but two behind failed to notice the their path was blocked . Within minutes seven turtles were waiting patiently in line for the first one to get himself moving again . Photographs were taken by Hans Jorg Leth, 45, at Haus des Meeres Aqua Terra Zoo in Vienna, Austria .
id: 8b29e8331bf37bac6de7d7749157f0e8665ababa
chatgpt: In a moment of unexpected drama, a snapping turtle brought a line of its peers to a halt at the Haus des Meeres Aqua Terra Zoo in Vienna, Austria. The turtle in front came to a sudden stop, apparently due to its path being blocked, leaving the two behind it oblivious to the delay. Before long, seven of the creatures had formed an orderly queue, waiting patiently for the first turtle to make a move. The unusual sequence of events was captured on camera by Hans Jorg Leth, a 45-year-old photographer who happened to be at the zoo at the time. He was struck by the way in which the turtles seemed to be following a set of unwritten rules, waiting in line in a perfect display of animal courtesy. "It was amazing to watch," said Leth. "The first turtle obviously sensed that there was something in the way, and stopped dead in its tracks. It didn't take long for the others to follow suit, and within minutes there were seven of them waiting in a queue. It was almost like they were waiting for a bus."  Turtles are not generally known for their social behavior or their patience, but this group of reptiles seem to have bucked that trend. According to the zookeepers, such behavior is not unheard of, as turtles are capable of forming strong bonds with one another and displaying an almost human-like sense of camaraderie. The Haus des Meeres Aqua Terra Zoo is home to a wide variety of marine life, including a large collection of turtles from around the world. While snapping turtles are known for their aggressive nature and powerful jaws, these particular reptiles seemed to be content to wait in line in a distinctly un-snappy manner. Perhaps the most surprising aspect of this turtle tale is the fact that it was captured on camera at all. Leth had been visiting the zoo with his family and had only taken his camera with him for fun. When he saw the turtles lining up, he quickly raised his camera, capturing a series of shots that are sure to become a viral sensation. "It was such a surprising moment," said Leth. "I'm just glad that I had my camera with me, and that I was able to capture it all. It goes to show that you never know what you might see when you visit the zoo." For the staff at the Haus des Meeres Aqua Terra Zoo, the turtle line-up is just the latest in a series of surprising animal behaviors that they have witnessed over the years. From the playful antics of dolphins to the majestic movements of sharks, the zoo is a place where animals are given the space and freedom to display their natural behaviors in all their glory. As for the turtles, they eventually continued on their way, with the first one leading the charge and the others following in its wake. But for a few brief moments, they had shown that even the most unassuming creatures can surprise and delight us with their behavior. Who knows what other hidden talents and characteristics lurk within the animal kingdom's unexplored depths?