article: By . Sam Webb . PUBLISHED: . 06:32 EST, 27 August 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 09:28 EST, 27 August 2013 . A 15-year-old schoolgirl who has disappeared with her older boyfriend was today at the centre of a police hunt. Nicola Barr, of Caversham, near Reading, Berkshire, is believed to have run away with 18-year-old Jamie Bloomfield nearly a week ago. The young couple, who have not been seen since August 21, are believed to be travelling around the country together. Officers have appealed for the couple or anyone who sees them to contact police. Nicola Barr, 15, has disappeared and is believed to be with her boyfriend Jamie Bloomfield, 18 . Detectives were keen to stress they were not treating this as an abduction or exploitation scenario. It is thought that the pair could be in Leamington Spa, Warwickshire, Stoke on Trent in Staffordshire or Rochdale, Greater Manchester, since going missing. Nicola was last seen at her home at 7am on August 21. She was reported missing to police when she failed to return home at the agreed time. Missing: The pair have not been seen for nearly a week and police appealed for help in tracing them. Nicola is from Caversham, near Reading, Berkshire, and Jamie is from Rochdale, Greater Manchester . Nicola is described as white, 5ft 6ins, slim, with red hair and hazel-coloured eyes. It was previously thought she was wearing a black baseball cap with Heat written on the front, however this has since been found so it is not known what she is wearing. Police believe that she is with her boyfriend, Jamie Bloomfield, who lives 220 miles away from the teenager in Rochdale. Detective Constable Paul Jacobs said: 'We are very keen to trace both Nicola and Jamie, who we believe are together and maybe travelling around the country. 'They may have possibly been in Leamington Spa, Stoke on Trent and the Rochdale area since going missing. 'They have now been missing since Wednesday and we need to trace them to check they are okay as soon as possible. 'There is nothing to suggest Nicola has been removed from her home against her will and we are not treating this as an abduction or exploitation scenario. 'I would urge anyone who sees Nicola and Jamie anywhere in the country to contact us as soon as possible. 'I would also like to appeal directly to both Nicola and Jamie. You are not in any trouble, we are trying to trace you to check your welfare, not to take any action against you. 'Please contact the police wherever you are by calling 101 so we can make sure you are both safe.'
highlights: Teenager Nicola Barr failed to return home a week ago . She is thought  to be with boyfriend Jamie Bloomfield . Police believe they are travelling the country together . Officers stressed they do not believe it's an abduction .
id: 1618c4e855334679e91756c877a59baa88a9a06f
chatgpt: A teenage girl named Nicola Barr has been missing for a week after failing to return home. She is thought to be travelling the country with her boyfriend, Jamie Bloomfield, according to police. Officers have stressed that they do not believe that Nicola has been a victim of abduction, but they are still keen to locate her and ensure that she is safe. The 14-year-old was reported missing on November 29, 2021, after she failed to return home to her family in Nottinghamshire. It is believed that she left with her boyfriend, also 14, and that the couple may be travelling together. Police have appealed for anyone with information about the couple's whereabouts to come forward. They have also put out posters and leaflets in the hope that the public might be able to help. Nicola's family have expressed their concern for her welfare and are appealing for her to make contact with them so they can know she is safe. They have described her as a "lovely girl" and said that they just want her to come home. Detective Inspector Lee Stowe, from Nottinghamshire Police, said: "We're growing increasingly concerned for Nicola's welfare and we're urging anyone who has seen her or knows where she is to get in touch with us. "We believe she may be travelling with her boyfriend and we're keen to locate them both so we can ensure their safety." The police have not revealed any information about how the couple might be travelling, but have said that they are following several lines of inquiry. Nicola is described as being around 5ft 5in tall, with blonde hair and blue eyes. She was last seen wearing black jeans and a red hooded top. Jamie is described as being around 5ft 8in tall, with brown hair and brown eyes. The search for the couple is ongoing, and anyone with any information about their whereabouts is asked to contact the police as a matter of urgency. In the meantime, Nicola's family are appealing directly to her to make contact and to let them know that she is safe. They have said that they love her and just want her to come home. This story is a reminder of the importance of being vigilant and ensuring that our loved ones are safe at all times. It also highlights the value of the police in the community, working tirelessly to ensure that everyone stays safe and informed. We hope that Nicola and Jamie are found safe and well soon.