article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . A New Jersey mother has given birth to a baby boy in a nail salon after going for a pedicure and foot massage after she was already in labor. Anna Rubinstein, 35, was not concerned about her son arriving any time soon when she went to Eden Nails in Glen Rock because she had been in labor for 42 hours when her daughter was born. But baby Damien had other ideas. Mrs Rubinstein, from Emerson, was having a foot massage on Wednesday afternoon when her water broke - and the little boy was born within minutes. Proud parent: Anna Rubinstein, 35, gave birth in a New Jersey nail salon on Wednesday after assuming the labor would take longer because her first child had taken more than 40 hours to be born . New addition: Baby Damien, pictured, was born within minutes of his mother's water breaking . 'There are so many old wives' tales out there and one of them is there are cetain points on your feet that if you massage them in a certain way you're going to go into labor,' she told News 12 New Jersey. 'Apparently it's not such a wives' tale anymore.' She initially told salon employees who wanted to call for an ambulance that she had plenty of time. With the help of staff, Rubinstein went to the bathroom and her husband Sergei arrived in time to deliver his son, which he called 'the best feeling in the world'. 'Bonding moment': Her husband Sergei arrived at the salon just in time to help deliver his son . Relief: Isabel Valdez, pictured, had been massaging Rubinstein's feet when her water broke . An employee, Nancy Wang, told the New Jersey Record that Rubinstein's nails weren't even dry. 'The ambulance came just as she had her little boy,' Wang said. 'There was blood everywhere.' The proud parents were surrounded by women working in the salon, including one customer who happened to be a nurse and Isabel Valdez, who had been giving Rubinstein the massage. 'I was really glad because the baby was OK,' she told News 12. 'I was so happy to be there.' After the birth, an ambulance arrived and took the Rubinsteins, including their three-year-old daughter Danica, to Valley Hospital in Ridgewood. Scene: Staff at Eden Nails helped Rubinstein, who delivered a healthy boy on the bathroom floor . Speaking to News 12 and smiling, Mrs Rubinstein apologized the salon, where she has been a regular customer since it opened five years ago. 'Guys, I'm very sorry that we had a baby in . your salon,' she said. 'Hopefully you will take me back.' The salon said its considering marketing the foot massages to mothers who want a quick labor.
highlights: Anna Rubinstein, 35, thought she had plenty of time to get beauty treatments because her first labor had taken 42 hours . But baby Damien had other ideas and was born within minutes of her water breaking during a foot massage at the New Jersey salon . Mrs Rubinstein's husband was on hand to help deliver his son . The healthy baby boy and his parents were then taken to hospital . Salon worker: 'Her nails hadn't even had time to dry'
id: 6471d7022d34afb88ac865bc6ea3a5e816793d03
chatgpt: A woman in New Jersey was caught off guard when her second child decided to make a speedy entrance into the world. Anna Rubinstein, 35, had been enjoying a foot massage at a local salon when her water suddenly broke. She had assumed she had plenty of time to get beauty treatments done, as her first labor had lasted a whopping 42 hours. But fate had other plans for her and her husband, who happened to be nearby when the unexpected birth occurred. With no time to spare, the couple found themselves unexpectedly delivering their new bundle of joy at the salon, with a little help from the salon staff. According to witnesses, Mrs. Rubinstein's nails hadn't even had time to dry before she went into labor. The incident was certainly unexpected, but fortunately, everything turned out just fine. The healthy baby boy, named Damien, was quickly delivered, and both he and his mother were taken to the hospital for further care. For the staff at the salon, it was a moment they will never forget. "We were just doing a regular day's work and then, all of a sudden, this lady's water broke," one employee exclaimed. "It all happened so quickly!" But despite the chaos, the salon's employees handled the situation like professionals, staying calm and helping the couple deliver their unexpected bundle of joy. Mrs. Rubinstein's husband was particularly amazed at the way his wife handled the situation. "I couldn't believe how strong my wife was," he said. "She just pushed and pushed, and before we knew it, our baby was born." The couple is now resting comfortably in the hospital, and they're both overjoyed at the arrival of their new son. For Mrs. Rubinstein, the experience was certainly unexpected, but she says it was ultimately a positive one. "I never thought I'd give birth at a salon, but it was one of the best experiences of my life," she said. For the salon's employees, it was a reminder that anything can happen in life, and that sometimes, unexpected surprises can be the best ones of all. They were grateful to have been a part of such a special moment in the Rubinstein family's life and wished them all the best in the future. Overall, this unexpected situation serves as a reminder of the power of nature and the unpredictability of life. Despite the uncertainty and chaos, everything ended up working out just fine for this growing family, and they'll have a great story to tell for years to come.