article: Ex-partners, work colleagues and neighbours are among hundreds of people tipping off the authorities about suspected tax dodgers every day. The number of informants telling the taxman about suspected dodgy practices has risen by thousands in two years, with an average of 250 people calling a HM Revenue & Customs hotline every day. Informants who tip-off HMRC can receive payouts of up to £1,000 if their information leads to a 'big win' over a wealthy individual. Ex-partners and work colleagues are among hundreds of people tipping off the taxman about suspected tax dodging every day . According to figures obtained by the Sunday Telegraph, a record £400,000 was paid out to people who phoned the taxman's hotline as part of a rewards scheme. Bitter ex-wives and husbands and disgruntled colleagues made up the majority of people phoning up to report tax evasion. Rewards of anywhere between £50 and £1,000 are given to informants whose phone call leads to HMRC recouping money from wealthy people. More than 97,000 people called the hotline last year, but only a small number of those were paid out, according to figures revealed under freedom of information laws. The amount paid out - £402,160 - was 30 per cent higher than three years ago. HMRC has taken 'desperate measures' to clamp down on tax dodging because of pressure from the Exchequer and its Chancellor George Osborne, experts say (file picture) Experts said this showed HMRC had taken to 'desperate measures' to claw back the £34billion in tax which has gone uncollected. Adam Craggs, a tax partner at law firm Reynolds Porter Chamberlain, said: 'The pressure on HMRC from the Exchequer means that it is turning to all available means in order to meet targets. 'It does not widely publicise the fact that it makes payments to informants partly because this is a controversial policy and also because it does not want to make payments unless it really has to. 'If too many people know that they can get paid by HMRC for providing information they may be less willing to provide information free.' The gap between tax owed and tax actually paid has grown by £1billion this year, with the Exchequer piling yet more pressure on the taxman. A spokesman for HMRC said making payments to informants was 'appropriate in certain occasions to tackle those who try to cheat the system'. He added: 'The payment of rewards is at the discretion of HMRC. The awards are based on what is achieved as a direct result of the information provided and a range of factors determine the amount. 'The factors include the tax recovered, the estimate of the loss of revenue prevented and other measurable benefits such as the time saved in working compliance cases.'
highlights: Hundreds of people tip-off the authorities on suspected tax dodging a day . HMRC pay up to £1,000 for useful information that leads to a 'big win' The taxman has paid out more than £400,000 in a year to informants . Nearly 100,000 people phoned the tax dodging hotline in the last year .
id: b1dac144fc93d2c5f64bf9f154dd9cd8c4582628
chatgpt: The UK’s taxman, HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC), has been paying out significant sums of money to informants who supply them with useful information on suspected tax dodgers. The incentive scheme, which offers up to £1,000 per tip-off that leads to a ‘big win,’ has resulted in the taxman paying out over £400,000 in just one year. According to recent figures, nearly 100,000 people phoned the tax dodging hotline in the last year, a clear indication that people are becoming increasingly aware of the tax evasion problem and want to do their part to combat it. The hotline receives up to 1,000 calls a day, with hundreds of people providing valuable tips to the taxman. To encourage more people to supply useful information, HMRC has been promoting the scheme more widely, including through social media campaigns and public awareness drives. The taxman is also keen to reassure people that they can remain anonymous if they choose to come forward with information, helping to dispel any concerns over potential backlash. Many people are motivated to provide information on suspected tax dodgers by the financial incentive on offer. However, there is also a growing sense of social responsibility among the public, who recognise that tax evasion harms society as a whole. With the country facing a large-scale public debt problem, it is crucial that everyone contributes their fair share to the tax system to help fund essential services and infrastructure. The taxman has already seen some impressive results through the incentive scheme, with several individuals and companies caught out and forced to pay significant fines. However, there is still a long way to go, with estimates suggesting that over £30bn is lost each year to tax evasion. To help combat this, HMRC is investing in new technology and data analytics tools to better identify tax dodgers and investigate suspicious activity. The taxman is also working more closely with its counterparts overseas, sharing information and expertise to help tackle cross-border tax avoidance. A spokesperson for HMRC said, “Tax evasion is a serious offence that deprives the UK of much-needed revenue. We rely on tip-offs from the public to help us track down those who are breaking the law and ensure that everyone pays their fair share of tax. We are grateful to everyone who comes forward with information, and we take all reports seriously.” The taxman’s willingness to offer financial incentives for useful information has been met with some criticism, with some people questioning whether it is right to pay informants for information on their fellow citizens. However, many others believe that the scheme is a necessary tool in the fight against tax evasion and that the benefits outweigh any potential drawbacks. As the government looks to reduce the deficit and fund essential public services, the fight against tax evasion must continue to be a top priority for HMRC. With the public’s help, and the right tools and incentives in place, the taxman can make real progress towards ensuring that everyone pays their fair share of tax.