article: Islamabad, Pakistan (CNN) -- The Pakistani Taliban on Tuesday claimed responsibility for a foiled plot to assassinate a high-profile television journalist by planting a bomb on his car. Hamid Mir, a senior anchor on Geo TV's prime time programming, escaped the attempt on his life Monday when the bomb was found attached to the back of his car and disabled before it could cause any harm. Read more: Who are the Pakistani Taliban? "We will continue targeting journalists who propagate a secular agenda and side with the government," Ihsanullah Ihsan, a spokesman for the Pakistani Taliban, said by telephone Tuesday. Mir said he had gone to a busy market place in the heart of Islamabad "to run some errands" on Monday when the bomb was detected. A police officer in Mir's security team saw a plastic bag containing half a kilo (about a pound) of explosives attached to the car and called the bomb disposal squad, which successfully defused the device, said Bin Yamin, the Islamabad police chief. Read more: Girl's courage, Taliban's cowardice . Despite the brush with danger, Mir remained defiant following the incident in a country that is fraught with risk for journalists. "I want to give those responsible a message," he said in an interview with Geo TV. "I want to say that as long as I have life in my body and blood in my veins I will not stop telling the truth." He said the assassination attempt "is a message not just to me but to Geo TV and the entire journalist community." Pakistan is frequently cited by press freedom advocacy groups as being among the most deadly countries in the world from which to report. Danger can come from militant organizations -- like the Taliban, who threatened journalists for their coverage of the attack on the teenage education activist Malala Yousufzai -- and also from government agencies, the advocacy groups say. "We have a lot of respect for journalists, however all those who are spreading negative news against us and Islam will be targeted," Ihsan, the Taliban spokesman, said Tuesday. The Pakistani Taliban, who are closely linked with their namesake in Afghanistan and with al Qaeda, operate in the ungoverned area that sits on the border of Pakistan and Afghanistan. Police say they are investigating the assassination attempt. The Islamabad bureau chief of Geo TV, Rana Jawed, said that he thought the bomb plot had been carried out by group with expertise in such attacks. "Somebody must have followed Mir's car, and when he got a chance he must have attached the bomb," Jawed said. He said the bomb had not gone off because it was "faulty."
highlights: NEW: The Pakistani Taliban say they planted the bomb . A bag containing explosives is found attached to Hamid Mir's car . He is an anchor on the television station Geo TV's prime time broadcast . "I will not stop telling the truth," Mir says following the attempt .
id: ca4cbc378a27c8f1093aac982e7351e004224450
chatgpt: In a shocking incident that has sent shockwaves through the media industry in Pakistan, a bomb was found attached to the car of Hamid Mir, a prominent anchor on Geo TV's prime time broadcast. Mir, who has been a vocal critic of the country's military and intelligence agencies, was lucky to escape unharmed from the attempt on his life. The Pakistani Taliban has claimed responsibility for the attack, saying that they planted the bomb on Mir's car. In a statement released to the media, the group said that it had targeted Mir for his critical analysis of the military's role in Baluchistan and for giving voice to Baloch activists who have been demanding greater autonomy for their province. The incident has sparked outrage across the country, with journalists, activists, and politicians condemning the attack as an assault on press freedom and democracy. The Pakistan Federal Union of Journalists has called for a nationwide protest against the attack and demanded that the government provide better security to journalists who are under threat. Following the attack, Mir appeared on Geo TV and vowed to continue speaking the truth despite the risks. "I will not stop telling the truth," he said, adding that he had received threats in the past but had never been attacked. "This attack is not only against me but against the freedom of the press." The attack on Mir comes at a time when the media in Pakistan is facing increasing censorship and government pressure. Many independent news outlets have been forced to shut down or face legal action for publishing stories critical of the government or the military. In recent years, several journalists have been killed in targeted attacks, with the killers often going unpunished. The incident has also raised questions about the ability of the government to protect journalists who are at risk. Many journalists in Pakistan have reported that they do not feel safe and that the government has not done enough to protect them from threats and attacks. In response to the attack on Mir, government officials have condemned the incident and promised to bring the culprits to justice. "We condemn this attack in the strongest possible terms and assure the media fraternity that we will do everything possible to ensure that justice is done," said a statement released by the Prime Minister's office. However, many journalists and activists remain skeptical about the government's ability to protect journalists and ensure press freedom. They have called for greater transparency and accountability from the government and for an end to censorship and intimidation of the media. The attack on Hamid Mir has once again highlighted the dangers faced by journalists in Pakistan and the need for greater protection and support for those who are at risk. It is a reminder that press freedom is a fundamental right and that journalists must be allowed to do their job without fear or intimidation.