article: French extreme right-wing leader Marine Le Pen faces potential prosecution for branding Muslims in France as 'like a Nazi occupation'. The National Front chief risks being put on trial after members of the European Parliament's judicial committee in Brussels voted to lift her legal immunity as an MEP. Ms Le Pen sparked uproar among in France after a speech at a party rally in December 2012 when she denounced Muslims praying in the street in areas where there are no mosques. Stripped of legal immunity: French National Front leader Marine Le Pen could now face trial for inciting racial hatred after comparing the country's Muslim community to the Nazi occupation . France has a population of around five million Muslims, the highest of any European country. Le Pen told supporters: 'For those who like to talk about World War II, to talk about occupation, we could talk about, for once, the occupation of our territory. 'There are no armoured vehicles, no soldiers, but it is an occupation all the same and it weighs on people.' French prosecutors asked the EU last November to lift the her immunity as a lawmaker so she could be prosecuted for inciting racial hatred. The European Parliament's legal committee voted overwhelmingly yesterday that Le Pen could be charged and the full parliament is now expected to formally lift her protection in the coming weeks. British Tory MEP and legal affairs committee member Sajjad Karim said: 'There is a red line between freedom of speech and inciting racial hatred. 'I, along with many other MEPs, today voted to drop Ms Le Pen's immunity and I am confident that the majority of the European Parliament will follow our lead in July.' A woman wears a burqa as she walks on a street in Saint-Denis, near Paris in 2010: France has a population of around five million Muslims, the highest of any European country . Le Pen, 47, is renowned for her outspoken views on immigration - but is also riding on a wave of popular support and would come second in another presidential election. Last year she tried to prosecute pop star Madonna for screening an image of her with a Swastika on her head at a Paris concert. She also recently had a news photographer banned from taking any more pictures of her - because he makes her look 'ugly'. Her father and former National Front leader Jean-Marie Le Pen was stripped of his legal protection as an MEP to face charges of holocaust denial in 1998.
highlights: MEPs have begun process of stripping the far-right leader of legal immunity . French prosecutors want to charge her with inciting racial hatred . Her father was in 1998 stripped of immunity to face holocaust denial charge .
id: c36a91fe8184f1bf01c663cdc43647db833846ab
chatgpt: The legal immunity of far-right leader Marine Le Pen is facing scrutiny from Members of the European Parliament (MEPs), who have initiated a process to strip her of that immunity. The decision comes after the French prosecutors requested to press charges against her for inciting racial hatred. Marine Le Pen is a French politician and the leader of the far-right political party, the National Front, which has been accused of promoting xenophobia and racism. The controversial politician has been under investigation for a while now because of her tweets that compared Muslims who pray in public to the Nazi invasion of France. In 2015, she posted three photos of executions carried out by the Islamic State group along with a post which said: "This is the Islamic State." She was being investigated by French authorities in connection to these tweets. The legal immunity that Marine Le Pen enjoys as a member of the European Parliament meant that she could not be prosecuted for such charges in France. However, the MEPs have now taken the decision to lift her immunity following French prosecutors' request to charge her with inciting racial hatred. If the request is approved by the European Parliament, her immunity will be suspended, and she could face the charges in France. The case brings back memories of an earlier instance when Marine Le Pen's father, Jean-Marie Le Pen, was stripped of his immunity back in 1998. He was facing charges for holocaust denial, which is a crime in France. He was eventually convicted and fined by French courts. The National Front party has been coming under increased scrutiny over allegations of promoting xenophobic and racist views in their political campaigns. The recent lifting of Marine Le Pen's immunity shows that the party's views are not tolerated by the European Parliament. The vote to lift the immunity will have to go through several stages of approval, including a final vote by the European Parliament, which could take up to several months. It is not clear what the outcome could be for the far-right leader, but it is possible that she could face criminal charges. In conclusion, the legal immunity of far-right leader Marine Le Pen is currently under scrutiny by the European Parliament. The decision to lift her immunity followed a request to press charges against her for inciting racial hatred. If the request is accepted, it will serve as a reminder that xenophobic views and hate speech will not be tolerated by the European Union.