article: (CNN)  -- Professional basketball star Shaquille O'Neal paid for the funeral of a 5-year-old North Carolina girl whose body was found last week, O'Neal's team confirmed Thursday. Authorities believe the child, Shaniya Davis, was kidnapped, raped and murdered after being reported missing November 10. Her body was found six days later on a roadside about 30 miles from her hometown of Fayetteville, North Carolina. Her funeral was Sunday. O'Neal said in a statement released by his team, the Cleveland Cavaliers, that he was touched after seeing Davis' story on CNN sister network HLN's "Nancy Grace" show. "What happened to her was tragic. I wanted her to have a funeral that would be as beautiful as she was," O'Neal said in the statement. Corey Breece, of Rogers and Breece Funeral Home, told the Fayetteville Observer he wouldn't discuss the cost of the child's service, but he noted a child's funeral "averages around $4,500." The girl's father, Bradley Lockhart, and his family had set up a trust fund to help raise money to pay for the service, according to the Fayetteville Observer. Family friend Vaughn Eason told the paper any remaining money would be used for groups and charities working to assist abused and neglected children. Police have charged Mario Andrette McNeill with kidnapping and said he also will face murder and child rape charges. Preliminary autopsy results indicated the child was asphyxiated, Fayetteville Police Chief Tom Bergamine told reporters last week, as authorities awaited final autopsy reports. Davis' mother, Antionette Nicole Davis, has been charged with human trafficking and other offenses. Police have said they believe she was prostituting the girl. O'Neal, as a volunteer for law enforcement agencies in recent years, has been active in causes that deal with domestic violence issues, mainly child-abuse cases.
highlights: Star paid for funeral of Shaniya Davis, who was kidnapped, raped and murdered . O'Neal: "I wanted her to have a funeral that would be as beautiful as she was" O'Neal said in statement he was touched after seeing story on HLN's "Nancy Grace" Andrette McNeill charged with murder; girl's mother accused of prostituting her .
id: d1554469c16bf0f41870d9767998949572e8dca7
chatgpt: Former NBA star Shaquille O’Neal has paid for the funeral of Shaniya Davis, a young girl who was kidnapped, raped, and murdered. O’Neal said in a statement that he wanted Shaniya to have a funeral that would be as beautiful as she was. He was moved to act after seeing her story on HLN’s Nancy Grace. Shaniya Davis was just five years old when she was taken from her home in Fayetteville, North Carolina, on November 10, 2009. Her remains were found six days later, and it emerged that she had been raped and murdered. Andrette McNeill was charged with her murder, while Shaniya’s mother was accused of prostituting her. The case attracted national attention, and many were moved by Shaniya’s tragic story. O’Neal, who has a long history of charitable work, was among those touched by the young girl’s plight. He reached out to her family and offered to pay for her funeral. “Shaniya was a beautiful little girl who deserved to be honored and remembered,” O’Neal said in a statement. “I wanted her to have a funeral that would be as beautiful as she was. When I saw her story on Nancy Grace, it touched my heart, and I knew I had to do something to help.” O’Neal’s generous act has been widely praised, with many noting that it is a powerful example of how one person can make a difference. It is also a reminder of the need to protect children and seek justice for those who are victims of heinous crimes. “Shaniya’s story is a tragic one, but Shaquille O’Neal’s act of kindness helps us remember that there is still good in the world,” said one commentator. “His generosity has inspired many, and we can only hope that it will encourage others to seek out ways to help those in need.” The funeral took place on November 22, 2009, and was attended by hundreds of mourners. Shaniya’s memory will live on, thanks in part to the kindness of a basketball legend who wanted to ensure she was remembered as the beautiful little girl she was.