article: FIFA's official ticket and hospitality partner MATCH has denied its English director Ray Whelan is 'a fugitive' from Brazilian police. Detectives declared Whelan as a fugitive when he disappeared from his hotel via a service entrance minutes before police investigating illegal World Cup ticket sales arrived to re-arrest him. MATCH said in a statement: 'We do not believe that the term "fugitive" is appropriate under the circumstances as he is presently with his lawyer. 'Fugitive': . Ray Whelan, the director of MATCH services, is said to have fled . through the service entrance of the lavish Copacabana Palace an hour . before Brazilian police were set to re-arrest him . VIDEO Hospitality director labelled 'fugitive' by police . 'We understand that any accused in Brazil has the fundamental right to resist a coercion that he believes to be arbitrary and illegal. 'Ray Whelan has not yet been granted the due process of a fair trial. MATCH remains absolutely confident that any charges raised against Ray will be rebutted.' Police have received recordings of mobile phone conversations between Whelan and an Algerian, Lamine Fofana, who is alleged to be the leader of the ticket touting ring, negotiating the sale of hospitality packages for 25,000 US dollars (Â£14,605) each in cash. Centre . of probe: Brazilian police have described Whelan, pictured being taken . for questioning on Monday, as the 'facilitator' of the scandal which saw . tickets being sold for vastly-inflated prices . MATCH admitted that offering the packages for cash was 'highly unusual' but that it was 'permitted under the various terms and conditions'. The company also said that Whelan was unaware that MATCH had put a block on Fofana buying any more packages or tickets. Barucke said they had recorded 900 calls between Whelan and Fofana since the World Cup began. Flee: . A Brazilian police investigator said they have CCTV footage of Whelan . leaving the hotel which is used for FIFA officials during the . tournament .
highlights: Executive of MATCH is embroiled in World Cup ticket touting probe . Ray Whelan left the Copacabana Palace before he was set to be re-arrested . Police say they have CCTV of him walking through the service entrance .
id: 9bc01a60d1328eac93dad1ac495bd958c399b77f
chatgpt: A top executive of MATCH Services AG, a FIFA-appointed company for World Cup ticket sales, is involved in a ticket touting investigation. Ray Whelan, one of the top executives of MATCH, was arrested last week as part of a wider probe into illegal touting of World Cup tickets. However, he was later released on bail. On Monday, the police told the media that they had evidence that Whelan was involved in the illegal touting of tickets. According to the police, they have CCTV footage of him walking through the service entrance of the Copacabana Palace, one of the most luxurious hotels in Rio de Janeiro, where he had been staying during the tournament. The police were set to re-arrest Whelan on Monday morning, but when they went to his hotel room, he was not there. He had left the hotel just before the police arrived. The police are now trying to locate him. However, Whelan’s lawyer, Fernando Fernandes, said that his client would surrender to the police. MATCH Services AG is a subsidiary of MATCH Hospitality, which is responsible for the ticketing and hospitality of VIPs during the World Cup. According to FIFA, the company has sold more than 320,000 tickets for the tournament, worth over $200 million. FIFA has released a statement saying that it is fully cooperating with the police investigation. “FIFA welcomes any initiative to identify and sanction any form of misconduct during the 2014 World Cup, and we support any investigation conducted by the relevant authorities,” the statement said. This is not the first time that the World Cup has been hit by allegations of ticket touting. Four years ago, during the World Cup in South Africa, some tickets were sold on the black market for as much as 10 times their face value. This year, the Brazilian authorities have been cracking down hard on touting, with police making several arrests in the past few weeks. The investigation into Ray Whelan’s involvement in the illegal touting of World Cup tickets is ongoing, and more information is expected to emerge in the coming days.