article: By . Allan Hall . A German man has confessed to strangling his wife and sealing her in a concrete tomb in the family home... because he 'could not bear her nagging any longer'. Gerd Paulus, 52, told a court in Bonn that he murdered wife Sigrid, 40, as they showered together - in cold water because she said they had to save money - as she moaned at him to get a job. Speaking soberly and calmly, he told the courtroom: 'I could bear the continuous nagging no longer. No man could. She was violently yelling at me to find a new job. She could win a gold medal for nagging.' Crime scene: Gerd Paulus, 52, said he murdered wife Sigrid, 40, as they showered together as she moaned at him to get a job before burying her behind a wine rack at their home in Königswinter, western Germany . 'At that moment I remember I only wanted peace. I hit her on the head and she began bleeding.  I put my hands around her throat.  I had a kind of a blackout.  When I came to I had a noise in my head. I had strangled her. She had no pulse.' That was six years ago. He then told the court how he reported her missing to police and burst into tears when reporters visited him at his home in the ritzy Bonn suburb of Konigswinter saying he 'missed' his wife and didn't know where she had gone. Last September he remarried. The new wife moved into his home, unaware that bride number one, and mother to his two children, was sealed in concrete behind a wine rack in the cellar. He went on: 'Before my children came home on the day of her death I cleaned away the blood in the bathroom and hid her corpse in the cellar.  I gave the kids money to go to McDonalds.' He then used building materials in the garden to build the concrete tomb. In December 2012 the daughter of Sigrid contacted a journalist to help her find her missing mother.  The journalist discovered that in all the time she was missing she drew no money from her bank account and never once used her insurance card for medical treatment. He went to the German show - Aktenzeichen XY - a Crimewatch-style programme - which aired a segment on her.  It sparked a new police probe which saw officers rip up the garden and the cellar....leading to the discovery of the mummified Sigrid. Salesman Paulus will be sentenced on March 17 and is expected to get life imprisonment.
highlights: Gerd Paulus, 52, was in court accused of killing Sigrid, 40, in Bonn, Germany . He admits strangling her in shower and sealing her in concrete tomb . He said: 'I could bear the continuous nagging no . longer. No man could. She could win a gold medal for nagging'
id: aa1a9cf48b1aff04534b5688b84d18840317ecd7
chatgpt: In a shocking revelation during a court hearing, Gerd Paulus, a 52-year-old man from Bonn, Germany admitted to killing his partner Sigrid, 40, and then sealing her body in a concrete tomb. The case has sent shockwaves through the community, and has raised concerns about the dangers of domestic violence. During the hearing, Mr. Paulus cried as he described the reasons for his actions. He claimed that he had been driven to the point of desperation by Sigrid's constant nagging. "I could bear the continuous nagging no longer. No man could. She could win a gold medal for nagging," he is reported to have said. According to the prosecution, Mr. Paulus strangled Sigrid in the shower, and then transported her body to a nearby construction site where he encased it in concrete. The concrete tomb was discovered by authorities several weeks later. The defense argued that Mr. Paulus was not in his right mind at the time of the murder, due to his heavy alcohol consumption and the stress of his job. They also pointed out that Sigrid was known to be difficult to live with, and that her behavior may have contributed to Mr. Paulus' actions. However, the prosecution countered that Mr. Paulus had a history of violence towards Sigrid, and that he had been physically abusive towards her in the past. They argued that Mr. Paulus had a pattern of trying to control Sigrid, and that he had become increasingly violent as their relationship deteriorated. The case has sparked a national conversation about the prevalence of domestic violence in Germany. According to recent statistics, there were more than 113,000 reported cases of domestic violence in Germany in 2019. While this represents a decrease from previous years, experts believe that the true number of cases is likely much higher, as many cases go unreported. The German government has taken steps to address the issue, including introducing tougher laws on domestic violence and providing increased funding for support services. However, activists argue that more needs to be done to raise awareness about the issue and to provide support for victims of domestic violence. As the trial continues, the family and friends of Sigrid are left to grapple with their grief and the devastating loss of a loved one. The case serves as a tragic reminder of the deadly consequences of domestic violence, and the urgent need to address this issue in Germany and around the world.