article: Illinois is poised to become the 15th state to allow same-sex marriage after legislation passed both houses of the state's General Assembly on Tuesday. The bill now goes to Democratic Gov. Pat Quinn, who has said he will sign it. The passage of the legislation "put our state on the right side of history," Quinn said. President Obama also hailed the vote in his home state, saying he has "always believed that gay and lesbian Americans should be treated fairly and equally under the law. "Over time, I also came to believe that same-sex couples should be able to get married like anyone else," he said. "As I said in my Inaugural Address last January, our journey as a nation is not complete until our gay brothers and sisters are treated like anyone else under the law, for if we are truly created equal, then surely the love we commit to one another must be equal as well," the President added. The law would take effect on June 1, 2014. Illinois previously offered civil unions, but not marriage, to same-sex couples. In addition to Illinois, same-sex marriage is legal in 14 states -- California, Connecticut, Delaware, Iowa, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Minnesota, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New York, Rhode Island, Vermont and Washington -- as well as the District of Columbia. Colorado and Hawaii allow civil unions. Same-sex marriage is banned in every state not mentioned above, except for New Mexico, which has no laws banning or allowing it. Same-sex marriage fast facts . Hawaii could become the next state to legalize same-sex marriage. Its Senate passed a bill in October, kicking it to the House, which is expected to vote soon. Proponents of same-sex marriage say they have momentum on their side. In June, the Supreme Court rejected parts of the Defense of Marriage Act in a 5-4 decision, dismissing an appeal over same-sex marriage on jurisdictional grounds and ruling same-sex spouses legally married in a state may receive federal benefits. It also ruled that private parties do not have "standing" to defend California's voter-approved ballot measure barring gay and lesbians couples from state-sanctioned wedlock, clearing the way for same-sex marriages in California to resume. But opponents say the fight is far from over. Shortly before the Illinois votes, the president of the National Organization for Marriage urged people to contact their state representatives to tell them they support marriage as the union of one man and one woman. "We've seen how marriage redefinition leads to those who believe in traditional marriage being punished, labeled 'bigots' and 'haters' in the public square, and forced to be silent about their deeply held beliefs or face repercussions. And their children? They're taught in schools that the values planted in them at home are bigoted and outdated, the equivalent of racism!" Brian Brown wrote in a blog post. Worldwide, 16 other countries (and parts of Mexico) also have laws allowing same-sex marriage and domestic partnerships. Most of these are in Europe and South America.
highlights: The measure would take effect on June 1, 2014 . The bill now goes to Gov. Pat Quinn, who says he will sign it . President Obama hails the vote in his home state . The state is now poised to become the 15th to legalize gay marriage .
id: 2e3cb04e6f32922a4cc98cb819ee8db88058316c
chatgpt: Illinois lawmakers on Tuesday passed a bill that would legalize same-sex marriage, marking a major victory for LGBT rights advocates in the state. The measure, which passed the Illinois House of Representatives by a vote of 61-54, would take effect on June 1, 2014. The bill now goes to Governor Pat Quinn, who has long been a supporter of marriage equality and has promised to sign the legislation once it reaches his desk. "This is a historic day for the state of Illinois and for the nation as a whole," said Governor Quinn in a statement. "Today, we took a major step forward in the fight for equality and justice for all. I am proud to be standing with the LGBT community as we move one step closer to full equality under the law." President Obama, who previously represented Illinois in the Senate, also praised the vote. "I applaud the Illinois General Assembly for passing marriage equality legislation, and I encourage Governor Quinn to sign this important bill into law," said the president in a statement. "This victory in Illinois is a testament to the hard work and dedication of advocates and lawmakers who have fought tirelessly for the right of all people to marry the person they love." With the passage of the bill, Illinois is now poised to become the 15th state in the nation to legalize same-sex marriage. Advocates hope that the move will help to build momentum for the marriage equality movement at the national level. "We are thrilled that Illinois has become the latest state to recognize that all loving and committed couples should be able to share in the freedom to marry," said Evan Wolfson, founder and president of Freedom to Marry. "The momentum for the freedom to marry has never been stronger than it is now, and this victory in Illinois shows that we are winning more and more hearts and minds across the country." Opponents of the measure expressed disappointment with the outcome of the vote, but vowed to continue their fight against same-sex marriage. "We are disappointed, but not defeated," said David E. Smith, executive director of the Illinois Family Institute. "We will continue to work to protect marriage in the state of Illinois and around the nation." The debate over same-sex marriage has become a hot-button issue in recent years, with advocates pushing for equal rights for LGBT couples while opponents argue that the traditional definition of marriage should be preserved. While the issue continues to be contentious, the passage of the bill in Illinois marks a significant milestone in the ongoing fight for marriage equality.