article: A Manhattan judge criticized Philip Seymour Hoffman's alleged drug dealer for claiming he had a heroin addiction in court on Friday after telling the post he was sober in an interview with The New York Post days earlier. Manhattan Supreme Court Justice Edward McLaughlin presented Robert Vineberg's interview to the court room during his bail hearing and he wasn't thrilled with Vineberg's contradicting stories. 'Some of the statements made on Mr. Vineberg’s behalf are inconsistent,'said the judge. SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . Hopeless addict? Robert Vineberg's defense team claim the 300 bags of heroin found in his apartment were for personal use . Phillip Seymour Hoffman was discovered dead in his Greenwich Village apartment with a needle sticking out of his arm earlier this month . 'He claims he is clean, you claim he is in the throes of a decade or more long addiction,' said McLaughlin to Vineberg's defense lawyer Ed Kratt. The defense claims that the 300 glasslines of heroin found at the jazz musician's apt were for personal use and that he didn't sell any drugs to Hoffman. The New York Post reports that the judge called Vineberg's amount of drugs 'off the charts' and valued the stash at $3,000. Vineberg denied selling the 73 bags of heroin to the actor. The troubled actor was discovered dead in his Greenwich Village apt with a needle sticking out of his arm. McLaughlin's bail is set at $200,000 over $40,000 cash which is expected to be set by bail bondsman Ira Judelson. Musician Robert Vineberg was regarded by friends who attended the court on Friday as 'talented' and 'generous' Vineberg told The New York Post in his controversial jail interview that Hoffman was a 'hardcore addict' but that he himself was almost clean. 'He was using needles,' he said of the famous actor. The Jazz musician has also been linked to other celebrity users such as Amy Winehouse. Cops raided Vineberg's apartment at 302 Mott street after a confidential witness said that they'd seen Hoffman at the residence. Vineberg told the post that he 'could have helped' the actor whom he'd known for about a year. Friends of the musician who'd once toured with Wyclef Jean, came to the court to show their support. Saxophonist Duke Guillaume who knew Vineberg more than 20 years said 'It was a shock to everyone...It's not the Robert we know.'
highlights: 'He claims he is clean, you claim he is . in the throes of a decade or more long addiction,' said Justice Edward McLaughlin to Robert Vineberg's defense lawyer . Vineberg denied selling the 73 bags of heroin to the actor . Vineberg had $3,000 worth of heroin for 'personal use' but at the same time 'was almost clean'
id: dc369cf76497c462b6772f8391eae17724c5b2f7
chatgpt: Robert Vineberg, a musician accused of selling 73 bags of heroin to the late actor Philip Seymour Hoffman, was recently in court answering to the charges. Vineberg's defense lawyer stated that his client was not guilty of selling the heroin to Hoffman. The judge, Justice Edward McLaughlin, commented on the contradictory statements made by the defense and prosecution, saying "He claims he is clean, you claim he is in the throes of a decade or more long addiction." Vineberg, who was facing the charge of drug possession, and not drug dealing, admitted to having $3,000 worth of heroin in his possession, but said that it was for "personal use." Vineberg's lawyer argued that his client was "almost clean" at the time he was arrested. The prosecution presented their evidence to the court, stating that Vineberg had a "working relationship" with Hoffman, and had been seen in surveillance footage making several deliveries to the actor's apartment. However, Vineberg's lawyer argued that the footage did not prove that the musician was selling drugs to Hoffman. Despite Vineberg's claim of being almost sober, the prosecution argued that he had a history of drug addiction dating back over a decade. The defense lawyer argued that Vineberg was making progress in his recovery and was seeking treatment at the time of his arrest. Throughout the hearing, Justice McLaughlin was critical of the conflicting statements made by the prosecution and defense. Nonetheless, he decided to grant Vineberg bail, citing his lack of prior criminal history and the fact that he had not attempted to flee. The trial, which has been going on for several months, has highlighted the widespread problem of drug addiction, particularly to opioids, in the United States. The death of Hoffman, a celebrated actor who struggled with addiction for years, shocked many fans and prompted a renewed conversation on drug abuse. The case against Vineberg will continue in the coming weeks, with the defense expected to present further evidence of their client's progress towards sobriety. As the trial unfolds, many will be watching closely to see what impact it has on the ongoing debate over drug addiction and the criminal justice system.