article: Garry Kasparov has revealed he believes Vladimir Putin to be a far bigger threat to the US than ISIS. The former world chess champion also accused the Russian leader of being 'the most dangerous man in the world'. Asked why he had issued such a stark warning, the political activist said that Putin 'plays poker while the rest of the world plays chess', warning that the Russian president's actions showed he had a tendency to try to call the world's bluff. Scroll down for video . Warning: Garry Kasparov claims Vladimir Putin is the 'most dangerous man in the world' He said Putin's next gamble would be to threaten to cut gas supplies to Europe and the former Soviet republics before the winter. Kasparov believes that the threat will be more than enough to force America and Europe to back down from their recent round of sanctions. In an interview with Yahoo News, the former grand master, 51, said: 'Putin is the most dangerous man in the world, a greater threat to the United States than the Islamic State.' And he attacked President Barack Obama for being too late in checking Putin's actions in Ukraine that eventually led to Russia annexing Crimea. Kasparov also slated European leaders, claiming that indifference to Putin's actions was similar to the complacency shown by leaders in the build-up to World War Two. He said it was hypocritical for the US and its allies to supply arms to Syrian rebels opposed to ISIS but to refuse to agree to similar requests from Ukraine. The 51-year-old also said the Islamic State militant group was simply a 'diversion' for the world to focus on. Garry Kasparov, above, believes Putin will threaten to cut gas supplies to Europe before the winter . But he said the sanctions imposed on Russia by the West would eventually work - but would only do so if they were left in place until at least March 2015. Kasparov believes Putin will use Russia's huge supply of natural gas as a bargaining chip ahead of what he dubbed the coming 'cold winter', threatening to shut down supplies to Europe and other former Soviet republics. Kasparov thinks that this threat could be enough to encourage an easing of penalties against Russia. He also believes Putin is telling his associates that the western governments 'will blink' and is simply calling the world's bluff – 'playing poker while everyone else is playing chess'. Kasparov, who once showed an interest in running for political office, said he now saw an uncertain future for Russia. 'We should forget about power in Russia changing hands throughout the election process. I'm afraid it will be not a very lawful process and it may eventually end up with the collapse of the country,' he said.
highlights: Former chess champion says Putin 'plays poker while the world plays chess' Claims leaders are complacent about the threat from the Russian president . Hits out at Barack Obama for not challenging Putin's actions in Ukraine . Warns that Russia will threaten to cut gas supplies to Europe before winter .
id: da2896d65d3c57e8b5bb68ddeb788eac4cd3ba4a
chatgpt: Former world chess champion and political activist, Garry Kasparov, has criticized world leaders for underestimating the threat posed by Russian President Vladimir Putin. In an interview with CNN, Kasparov claimed that Putin was "playing poker while the world plays chess" and that he has been able to take advantage of complacent leaders. Kasparov, who is also the chairman of the Human Rights Foundation, accused former US President Barack Obama of failing to challenge Putin's aggressive actions in Ukraine. He believes that this sent the wrong message, and emboldened the Russian president to continue his expansionist policies. "The failure of Obama to challenge Putin in any meaningful way was a big mistake. It told Putin that he could get away with anything," said Kasparov. The former chess champ also warned that Russia is likely to threaten to cut gas supplies to Europe before winter, as a way of exerting pressure on Western countries. "Russia has done this in the past, and we can expect them to do it again. They know that Europe depends on their gas, and they will use this as leverage," he said. Kasparov's comments come at a time of heightened tensions between Russia and the Western powers. In recent years, Putin's actions in Ukraine, Syria, and elsewhere have led to economic sanctions being imposed on Russia by the US and the European Union. However, despite these measures, Kasparov believes that Putin is still able to pursue his goals, largely due to his ability to manipulate the media and his domestic audience. "Putin still has a lot of support within Russia, and he knows how to use this to his advantage. He controls the media, he controls the narrative, and he knows how to play to Russian nationalist sentiment," he said. Kasparov is not alone in his assessment of Putin. Many Western leaders have expressed concern about the Russian president's actions in recent years, with some going as far as to compare him to aggressive dictators such as Adolf Hitler. Despite this, Kasparov says that leaders in the US and Europe have been too slow to respond to the threat. "We need to wake up to the fact that Putin is a real danger to the world order as we know it. He wants to recreate the Soviet Union, and he will stop at nothing to achieve this goal," he warned. Overall, Kasparov's comments highlight the need for greater vigilance and decisive action when it comes to dealing with Putin and his regime. As the former chess champ puts it, "we need to start playing chess, not poker."