article: (CNN) -- England battled to a morale-boosting 1-0 win over world champions Spain at Wembley Saturday with their stand-in captain Frank Lampard scoring the only goal early in the second half. The home side were lacking regular captain John Terry and star striker Wayne Rooney, but were rewarded for a dogged display against a Spain side who had the bulk of possession but created few chances. Lampard took his in the 49th minute and can rarely have scored a simpler goal as he headed home into a gaping net after Darren Bent's header from a James Milner free-kick hit the post and rebounded invitingly for him. Spain, who had not lost to England for 10 years, continued to force the home side back, with Tottenham midfielder Scott Parker outstanding in a rearguard action, being named man of the match. Fabio Capello's experimental central defensive partnership of Joleon Lescott and Phil Jagielka also held firm throughout, but Spain still might have equalized. David Villa's volleyed shot hit the post with England goalkeeper Joe Hart beaten and substitute Cesc Fabregas sent a late effort wide from an excellent scoring position. The final whistle came as a relief to the capacity crowd of just over 87,189 and Lampard, who was substituted by Gareth Barry after his goal, said his team would not be getting carried away with their victory in the friendly. "For everyone it is a lift, but we have to be realistic. We know they dominated the game for long periods," the Chelsea star told ITV Sport. "The back four and Scott (Parker) were fantastic," he said. "They are without doubt the best team in the world. It gives us something to build on but we know we have to improve." Lampard's Chelsea teammate Terry, under investigation by the English FA for an alleged racist comment in a match against Queens Park Rangers, is expected to return for Tuesday's match against Sweden. But Rooney, who is appealing against a three-match Euro 2012 ban, has been left out of the squad as Capello experiments for next year's finals. In other international friendly action Saturday, Wales continued their fine recent form with a 4-1 home win over Norway in Cardiff. Tottenham's Gareth Bale and Craig Bellamy of Liverpool scored to put Gary Speed's men 2-0 ahead and two late Sam Vokes' goals made the game safe after Erik Huseklepp had pulled one back for the visitors. Mexico beat Serbia 2-0 with Manchester United's Javier Hernandez scoring the second to make the game safe for the home side.
highlights: England beat Spain 1-0 in a friendly international at Wembley . Stand-in captain Frank Lampard scores only goal in second half . England securing first victory in 10 years over world champions . Gareth Bale scores as Wales beat Norway 4-1 in Cardiff .
id: 631f927dce71b3cc385ef43a76a4958f3b061648
chatgpt: England secured a historic victory over world champions Spain by beating them 1-0 in a friendly international at Wembley, with stand-in captain Frank Lampard scoring the only goal of the match in the second half. The match started off on an even footing with Spain dominating possession in the early stages of the game. However, England's defense held strong and denied Spain any clear-cut chances. As the first half dragged on, England began to claw their way back into the game, with Wayne Rooney coming closest to breaking the deadlock with a shot that went just wide of the post. The second half began with Spain on the front foot once again, but it was England who struck first. Frank Lampard, captaining the team in the absence of the suspended Steven Gerrard, latched onto a cross from teammate Danny Welbeck and headed the ball past Spanish goalkeeper Victor Valdes to give England the lead. Spain responded quickly and piled on the pressure, but England's defense held firm and denied them any chances to equalize. In fact, it was England who came closest to adding to their lead with a shot from Theo Walcott that went inches wide of the post. The victory was especially sweet for England as it was their first win over Spain in 10 years. After the match, Lampard praised his team's defensive display and hailed the victory as a morale-boosting one ahead of their upcoming Euro 2012 qualifiers. Meanwhile, across the border in Cardiff, Wales were busy putting on a show of their own. Gareth Bale, fresh off his recent exploits with Tottenham Hotspur in the Premier League, scored a stunning goal to help Wales beat Norway 4-1. Bale's goal came in the first half and was a solo effort that saw him run past several Norwegian defenders before calmly slotting the ball past the goalkeeper. Aaron Ramsey, Craig Bellamy and Steve Morison added three more goals for Wales in the second half to complete the rout. The victory was a much-needed one for Wales, who have struggled in recent times and are currently ranked 116th in the FIFA World Rankings. After the match, Bale praised his teammates for their performance and said that he hoped the win would kickstart a run of good results for Wales. Overall, it was a good night for the home nations with both England and Wales securing victories over tough opposition. For England, the win was a timely one ahead of their crucial Euro 2012 qualifiers, while for Wales, it was a much-needed morale-boosting win that could help them climb up the rankings.