article: (CNN) -- Joran van der Sloot is meeting with investigators Thursday in the Netherlands in response to the recently released videotape in the Natalee Holloway case, his U.S.-based attorney said. Joran van der Sloot awaits transfer from the Netherlands to Aruba in November. He later was released. The exact location of that meeting was not  disclosed, but van der Sloot's attorney, Joe Tacopina, said his client has "agreed to answer any questions." In the video that aired Sunday on Dutch television, van der Sloot, a suspect in the 2005 disappearance of Holloway, told a man he was with the Alabama teen on an Aruban beach when she apparently died and that a friend of his with a boat disposed of Holloway's body. Van der Sloot later said the statements were lies, and on Monday, Tacopina said the video contains "no admission of a crime." The lawyer said facts in the case contradict two assertions van der Sloot made in the video, including that the boat-owner friend mentioned wasn't in Aruba in May 2005.  Watch how video has brought new interest in case » . Meanwhile, prosecutors are still awaiting a decision from a three-judge appellate panel on the nearby Caribbean island of Curacao as to whether van der Sloot can be arrested in reaction to the video. The chief prosecutor in Aruba, Hans Mos, was denied an initial attempt to arrest van der Sloot by the investigating judge last Sunday. The judge determined that numerous pretrial detentions of van der Sloot in the past have created a "high bar" that current circumstances do not meet. The prosecutor appealed the judge's decision on Tuesday, and the appellate panel will have eight days to respond. Holloway disappeared while visiting Aruba with about 100 classmates celebrating their graduation from Mountain Brook High School in suburban Birmingham, Alabama, and was last seen leaving a nightclub with van der Sloot and brothers Deepak and Satish Kalpoe. Mos dropped charges against the three men in December, saying he couldn't be sure of a conviction.  E-mail to a friend . CNN Tracy Sabo contributed to this report.
highlights: Joran van der Sloot will answer questions about video story, lawyer said . Van der Sloot said videotaped story of how woman died was lie . Holloway disappeared in 2005 while on graduation trip to Aruba . Meet journalist who uncovered van der Sloot tape; tonight, 9 ET, "Larry King Live"
id: 29b502b9c891441abf7d331801696959b3d016d3
chatgpt: Joran van der Sloot, the prime suspect in the infamous disappearance of American teen Natalee Holloway, plans to answer questions about a video in which he allegedly confesses to her murder. His lawyer recently confirmed this to the media. Van der Sloot, who is currently serving a 28-year sentence in a Peruvian prison for an unrelated murder, has maintained his innocence in the Holloway case. However, a video surfaced last year in which he allegedly tells a friend that he killed Holloway and gives a detailed account of how he disposed of her body. But van der Sloot now claims that the video is a lie. He has said that the conversation was staged and that he made up the story to impress his friend. His lawyer says that van der Sloot plans to answer questions about the video in order to clear his name. The video was obtained by Dutch journalist Peter de Vries, who spent several years investigating the Holloway case. De Vries will appear on "Larry King Live" tonight at 9 PM ET to discuss the video and his investigation. Holloway disappeared in 2005 while on a graduation trip to Aruba. Van der Sloot was one of the last people seen with her and was arrested twice in connection with her disappearance but was never charged. Van der Sloot's latest announcement is just the latest twist in the long-running case. Holloway's parents have been outspoken in their belief that van der Sloot was involved in their daughter's disappearance, and they have been critical of the investigation by Aruban authorities. It remains to be seen whether van der Sloot's answers will shed any new light on the case or whether they will merely add to the confusion surrounding it. Nevertheless, the public remains captivated by the story of Natalee Holloway and the man who may have played a role in her disappearance.