article: (CNN) -- A third person has died as a result of last week's incident in which a driver plowed into people at the South by Southwest festival in Austin, Texas, police said Monday. Austin Police spokeswoman Veneza Bremner identified her as Sandy Thuy Le, 26. A family spokesperson said Le's family was by her side at the hospital in Austin when she died Monday morning. Stuart Gates, Le's brother-in-law, described her as a "free spirit" -- quirky, fun and always smiling. According to Gates, Le's family lives in Pass Christian, Mississippi, and her funeral will be held in her home state in the next few days. Gates also said Le's family has been through a lot in recent years, first losing their home in Hurricane Katrina, then their shrimping business was financially hurt by the Deepwater Horizon Oil Spill. Authorities said Rashad Charjuan Owens drove into people and vehicles at the festival while he was intoxicated early Thursday. Owens, 21, was charged last week with two counts of capital murder. Police said Owens drove into the crowds after refusing to stop for an officer who tried to pull him over. Besides the first two people who died, 23 people were initially hospitalized, some with multiple internal injuries. Most of the victims are in their 20s, said Dr. Christopher Ziebell, medical director at the University Medical Center Brackenridge. A Travis County grand jury will determine whether Owens will face any more charges because of the third death, Bremner said. CNN's John Branch, Jason Hanna and Justin Lear contributed to this report.
highlights: Sandy Thuy Le, 26, has died of injuries suffered when a car plowed into crowds last week . Le's family says she was a "free spirit" Authorities say Rashad Charjuan Owens drove into people and vehicles . 23 people were initially hospitalized, some with multiple internal injuries .
id: 4cb013d7d3fafd524e4700874c57e7884c118534
chatgpt: Sandy Thuy Le, a 26-year-old resident of Austin, Texas, has died after being critically injured in a horrific car crash last week. Le was one of 23 people initially hospitalized after a driver plowed into crowds of people and vehicles on Red River Street during the South by Southwest festival, an annual music and arts event held in Austin. According to her family, Le was a "free spirit" who loved to travel and had a passion for music. She was attending the festival with friends when the tragedy occurred. Le's injuries were severe, and she was put on life support soon after the crash. Despite the efforts of medical professionals, she passed away on Sunday. The driver responsible for the crash has been identified as Rashad Charjuan Owens, a 21-year-old man from Killeen, Texas. He has been charged with capital murder and aggravated assault with a motor vehicle, and is being held on a $3 million bond. Police say Owens was attempting to evade a traffic stop when he drove through a barricade and into the crowd. In addition to Le's death, several others were seriously injured in the crash. Some suffered multiple internal injuries and are still recovering in the hospital. Austin Police Chief Art Acevedo called the incident "one of the most heinous crimes that we've seen in our city." The tragedy has left the Austin community reeling. Many are mourning the loss of Sandy Thuy Le, a young woman taken too soon. Her family has set up a memorial fund in her honor, and friends and strangers alike have taken to social media to express their condolences and share their memories of her. The investigation into the crash is ongoing, and more details are sure to emerge in the coming weeks.