article: (CNN) -- Debra Sholty was just opening up her business Thursday morning in Kokomo, Indiana, when a 3.8-magnitude earthquake rumbled through the north-central part of the state. "It was like a huge explosion under your feet," said Sholty, the owner of Hobson Cleaners. According to the U.S. Geological Survey, the quake struck just before 8 a.m. ET and was three miles deep. The USGS initially reported that the quake had registered a 4.2 magnitude, but later revised the estimate. Its epicenter was located about 15 miles east-southeast of Kokomo, and 50 miles north of Indianapolis. No damage was immediately reported in Indianapolis, though some residents closer to the epicenter were surprised by the quake's intensity. There was "a very loud boom," Sholty said. "We really felt it. ... It was like something hit the building from underneath. I actually felt an upward lift." Laura Smith, who works at nearby Windmill Grill, told CNN she initially thought a truck had hit her building while trying to make a delivery. "The whole building just shook," she said. "You could feel your body shaking." "It was amazing," she added. "Personally, I thought it was exciting." Jerry Fiscus, owner of Kokomo's Hair Care East salon, said the quake shook his building "pretty well," though nothing fell off the shelves. "It was like a really big thunder strike," said Missy Dulmes, who was at home making breakfast at the time. "You could hear the silverware shake in the drawer and the table moved." Dulmes said she was initially concerned that a water pipe had broken. Few people contacted by CNN, however, reported being frightened by the incident, which is more commonly associated with west coast cities like Los Angeles than heartland towns like Kokomo. "I'm over 50," Sholty said with a chuckle. "Nothing really frightens me anymore."
highlights: NEW: The Indiana earthquake has been downgraded from 4.2 to a 3.8 magnitude . One local resident compares the quake to a "huge explosion" There were no immediate reports of damage .
id: f16e664f2b740ae15417adc5aaa8b40a31cdcfd3
chatgpt: In a surprising turn, the recent earthquake that shook the state of Indiana has been downgraded from a 4.2 magnitude to a 3.8 magnitude. The tremor took place on Thursday evening, and has taken local residents by surprise. While there were no immediate reports of damage or injury, many people have been shocked by the sudden shudder. One local resident described the earthquake as a "huge explosion". She was watching TV when the tremor hit, and immediately ran outside. "It was like something out of a movie," she said. "The ground was shaking so hard, and I could hear things rattling inside the house. I thought it might be a gas explosion or something." The earthquake was reported to be centered in the town of Clintonville, Indiana. This area has seen several minor earthquakes in recent years, but nothing on this scale. Emergency services were not called to the scene, but many residents took to social media to express their concern and share their experiences. The US Geological Survey initially reported the quake as a 4.2 magnitude, but later revised this to 3.8. It is unclear why the magnitude was downgraded, but some experts have suggested that the initial reading may have been inaccurate. Despite the downgrade, the earthquake has left many residents feeling shaken and worried. Some have even started to stockpile supplies in case of future tremors. "I've never experienced anything like this before," said one resident. "It's scary to think that it could happen again." It remains to be seen whether the earthquake will cause any damage in the long term. For now, residents are being advised to remain calm and stay vigilant. If any damage or injury is reported, emergency services will be on hand to provide assistance.