article: Volvo is developing a range of ‘self-filling’ cars that would never need to visit a petrol station. When the tank is close to empty, the car would send a message via smartphone to a mobile fuel supplier to come and top it up. The supplier would have a secure one-off code to open up the fuel cap, freeing the owner to park the vehicle and be elsewhere. Scroll down for video . Taking you car to the petrol station could become a thing of the past as Volvo are developing a range of 'self filling' cars . Volvo never officially talks about innovations and simply said ‘maybe’ when asked about the fuel idea. However, the Swedish firm’s head of technology, Klas Bendrik, told the Mail: ‘The widespread use of smartphones is unlocking new potential in what you can do connecting a car with a customer. 'The internet of things has hit the automotive industry and the widespread use of smartphones is unlocking new potential in what you can do connecting a car with a customer.’ Mr Bendrik said Volvo had already tested a system where drivers can choose to have a parcel delivered by a courier firm to their car rather than to their homes. It would be particularly useful at workplaces that do not allow employees to receive personal deliveries, he said. Some Volvo cars already allow their drivers to activate de-icers remotely from the comfort of their home. And the same cars can be made to sound their horn and flash their lights to help owners locate them in car parks. Look, no hands! Volvo technical specialist Erik Coelingh demonstrates the company's new range of driverless cars which are being tested by customers on selected roads in and around the Swedish city of Gothenburg . The firm has already announced it is working on a project to allow cars to communicate to each other. The technology would work a bit like a radar where drivers could be warned if two connected cars were driving towards each other around a blind bend. Volvo chief executive Håkan Samuelsson is also working on a project to develop self-driving cars. ‘It would be a bit like an airplane,’ he told the Mail. ‘So for complicated manoeuvres like take-off and landing the driver would be in control. ‘But for long, boring passages you could have automation and sit back, relax, read emails, and regain 30 minutes of your life you could use to spend with your family.’
highlights: Volvo is said to be in the process of developing a range of 'self-filling' cars . Would see the tank filled by mobile fuel suppliers when it is close to empty . Car would send a message via smartphone when fuel tank is running low . Supplier would have a secure one-off code to open up the fuel cap .
id: 50abb31fbcd34ab26e6eaeabfa82e71d4e384fa0
chatgpt: Volvo is reportedly working on a revolutionary solution to address one of motorists' biggest gripes when it comes to petrol cars – the need to refuel. According to recent reports, the Swedish carmaker is developing a range of self-filling cars that would soon be able to visit petrol stations without any need for drivers to get out of their vehicles. Instead, Volvo's solution involves identifying petrol tank levels via smart technologies to then send a message to a nearby fuel supplier to fill up the customer's car in their absence. The supplier would be authorised to access the car's fuel cap using a one-off code unique to the transaction, ensuring that it can only be used by the assigned fuel provider. For many drivers, having to wait around while their car is refuelled can prove inconvenient and time-consuming. However, with Volvo's latest innovation, the Swedish carmaker hopes to make the process of refuelling more efficient and streamlined while also freeing up time for drivers. Volvo's new system aims to change the way motorists interact with petrol stations. By making the process completely contactless, the new system could also be safer during current time when avoiding unnecessary contact is encouraged. The new system has the potential to drastically reduce the time that drivers would spend queuing up at the petrol station. With the introduction of this new system, they’ll no longer need to keep an eye on their fuel gauge or face the frustration of running out of fuel, especially in a deserted area where petrol pumps are scarce. The project is still in the initial stages, and there have not been any additional details about manufacturers or suppliers. However, according to Volvo, this new technology could become a reality in the near future as the carmaker is continuing with the testing of the self-filling cars in preparation for upcoming launches. Volvo is now focused on improving the experience of its customers while also enhancing their safety on the road. This new development by the automaker suggests an innovative way of achieving this goal. In conclusion, the introduction of self-filling cars will streamline the refuelling process, making it more efficient for motorists. It will also help serve towards efforts of reducing contact with people, thereby ensuring safety. This innovation by Volvo seems like great news for drivers who want to save time, and who wants to have a hassle-free motoring experience!