article: Rafael Marquez made history on Friday by becoming the first player to captain his nation in four World Cup tournaments. The 35-year-old led Mexico out for their opening Group A fixture against Cameroon in Natal to set the new record after previously competing in the 2002, 2006 and 2010 finals. Former Barcelona and Monaco centre-back Marquez, who now plays for Leon in his homeland, made his international debut way back in 1997 and collected his 121st cap in the Cameroon match. History maker: Mexico's Rafael Marquez wears the captain's armband in his fourth World Cup against Cameroon in the torrential rain of Natal . Not holding back: Marquez gets stuck into a challenge with Cameroon's Stephane Mbia during the first half in Natal . He was first handed the captain's armband by Javier Aguirre in the 2002 finals at the young age of 23 and started in all four matches before they lost 2-0 to the United States in the last 16. It was not an occasion Marquez would care to remember - he was shown a red card for a deliberate mid-air headbutt on Cobi Jones late in the match. At the 2006 World Cup in Germany, Marquez played in all three of Mexico's group matches and scored the goal in their 2-1 loss to Argentina in the second round. On target: Marquez celebrates after scoring against Argentina in Leipzig during the 2006 World Cup second round match . Seeing red: Marquez is shown a red card during Mexico's 2-0 Last 16 loss to the United States at the 2002 finals . He had left Barcelona for the New York Red Bulls by the time of the 2010 tournament in South Africa but was still given the captain's armband. Marquez scored in their 1-1 draw with the hosts and assisted in Javier Hernandez's strike in the 2-0 win over France, before Mexico were once again eliminated by Argentina in the knockout stages. Despite few tipping Mexico to advance to the latter stages of the tournament in Brazil, Marquez is confident Mexico can make an impact. Close watch: Marquez closes down France striker Nicolas Anelka during their 2010 group stage meeting in Polokwane . 'This is a window for all of us, for many of the players it's a huge opportunity to raise their level and for others to see us play,' he said. 'You don't get many chances to do that. That's what I always tell the lads. 'Our group is strong and in our minds we believe we can make it all the way to the final and make history.'
highlights: 35-year-old led Mexico out against Cameroon in World Cup opener in Natal . Marquez was Barcelona player when he first captained country in 2002 finals aged 23 . Also skippered side in 2006 in Germany and 2010 in South Africa . Now plays for Leon in the Mexican league .
id: 678ce8e98fef12ef9f9d9f0c152b0714a9eb0a81
chatgpt: In the opening match of the 2014 FIFA World Cup, 35-year-old Rafael Marquez led the Mexican national team against Cameroon in Natal. While Marquez may not be a household name in the soccer world, he has been a stalwart for El Tri for over a decade, serving as the team's captain in three different World Cups. Marquez's first time captaining the Mexican team came back in 2002, when he was just 23 years old and playing for Barcelona in La Liga. Despite his youth, Marquez showed remarkable poise and leadership, helping Mexico advance to the round of 16 before falling to the United States. Four years later, in the 2006 World Cup held in Germany, Marquez once again donned the captain's armband for Mexico. This time, he led a much more talented squad that included players like Oswaldo Sanchez, Pavel Pardo, and Cuauhtemoc Blanco. With Marquez at the helm, Mexico won their group before falling to Argentina in the Round of 16. By the time the 2010 World Cup came around in South Africa, Marquez was 31 years old and coming off a successful stint with Spanish club side Barcelona. Despite facing a tough group that included France, Uruguay, and the host country, South Africa, Marquez once again led Mexico to the knockout stage, where they were eliminated by Argentina in a closely contested match. Since then, Marquez has moved on to play for Mexican side Leon, where he has continued to excel as a central defender. Despite his advancing age, Marquez has maintained his fitness and skill level, earning him the respect of both teammates and opponents alike. Despite all of his accomplishments, Marquez's leadership and ability to inspire his teammates have been even more impressive. He has been a role model for young Mexican players, showing them what it takes to succeed at the highest level of international soccer. As the 2014 World Cup gets underway, Marquez has once again been tasked with leading the Mexican team, a squad that will be looking to defy the odds and make a deep run in the tournament. While his role may have changed over the years, his importance to the team remains as strong as ever, and his legacy as one of Mexico's all-time greatest players is secure.