article: The going got so tough for Barbados’ rugby sevens side yesterday that they were prompted to call on the son of soul star Billy Ocean. But when Anthony Bayne-Charles ran on to the field as a second-half substitute, the tannoy announcer at Ibrox was not quick enough to put together a melody of Ocean’s greatest hits, which included, ‘When the going gets tough, the tough get going’ in 1990 and ‘Red Light Spells Danger’ in 1977. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Billy Ocean perform 'Love Really Hurts Without You' Outside chance: Barbados were always going to be in for a tough ride at the Commonwealth Games . Unfortunately for the son of Leslie . Sebastian Charles, Ocean’s real name, it was more a case of ‘There’ll be . Sad Songs’ which was a hit for his dad in 1986 as his team never won a . match, losing  56-0 to Scotland and 68-5 to Canada. Despite the defeats, he still enjoyed the experience of playing in front of the biggest crowd of his rugby career. ‘My . dad is on tour at the moment so he couldn’t come to Ibrox but it was . great for me to run out in front of more than 40,000 rugby fans at the . Commonwealth Games,’ said Bayne-Charles, who is eligible to play for . Barbados because his mother, Judy, was born there. ‘At times like this you have to just take your chance and do your best. ‘I am musical and studied music at university but rugby is my passion; I have been playing since I was seven. Thumbs up: Soul singer Billy Ocean will not be pleased when he sees Barbados' scoreline . Performer: Ocean, pictured performing at Trafalgar Square, has a large fanbase . ‘I am musical like my dad and when I retire I might do more of it but I am playing rugby at the moment and loving it.’ England beat Uganda 40-0 to register a second victory without conceding a point following their 57-0 thrashing of Sri Lanka. Wales . thumped Malaysia  52-0, while Scotland, after losing 17-14 to New . Zealand, hit back by thrashing Barbados and Lee Jones said: ‘We’re . playing well and if we keep doing what we’re doing then we can be . confident of coming through.’
highlights: Canada did not hold back as they defeated minnows Barbados 68-5 . Barbados face tough games against Scotland and New Zealand . Billy Ocean's son Anthony Bayne-Charles came on as substitute .
id: 595be097a2dee0d1f1e712f0dfea8eedccd3f713
chatgpt: Canada dominated Barbados in a one-sided match that saw the minnows defeated 68-5. The Canadians, ranked 22 in the world, showed no mercy against the 53rd ranked Caribbean team in their opening match of the Rugby Americas North Championship. Barbados, who are making their debut in the tournament, struggled to keep pace with the Canadians who scored 10 tries during the match. Canada's captain, Tyler Ardron, led the way for his team, scoring two of those tries while his teammates Cole Keith, Kyle Baillie, Kainoa Lloyd, and Andrew Coe also got in on the action. While Canada was expected to dominate against Barbados, the tournament newcomers have a tough road ahead as they face top-tier teams in Scotland and New Zealand. The team's coach, Joe Whipple, praised his players' effort against the Canadians but acknowledged that the team has a lot of work to do if they are going to compete at this level. Barbados will need to have a quick turnaround as they prepare for their games against Scotland and New Zealand in the coming days. The team will be looking to put up a good showing against these rugby powerhouse nations. There was a brief moment of excitement on the Barbados bench as Billy Ocean's son, Anthony Bayne-Charles, came on as a substitute during the game. The 23-year-old is still in the early stages of his rugby career but his appearance on the field was a proud moment for his family and the team. Canada, on the other hand, will be happy to have started the tournament with a convincing victory. The team will be looking to build on their performance and continue their winning ways throughout the tournament. Next up for Canada is a match against the United States, a team they will be hoping to topple in what promises to be a thrilling encounter. Overall, the match was a clear indication of the gulf in class between Canada and Barbados. While the Canadians will be looking to push for the tournament title, Barbados will be hoping to gain essential experience as they look to improve and grow their rugby program.