article: The ABC coverage of Australia's New Year's Eve extravaganzas can't seem to take a trick - panned in 2013 as bland and amateurish, the 2014 version signed off with host Julia Zemiro apparently muttering 'Oh, thank God' as the credits began to roll. Technical problems interrupted the live broadcast on occasion and, as in the previous year, some jokes were missing their mark. But it was when the respected comedian said her goodbyes at the end of the telecast, along with her co-hosts, that she made what appeared to be an exasperated comment, seemingly unaware the audio had not yet been turned off. Scroll down for video . Time to sign off. The ABC NYE broadcast team prepares to bid farewell to viewers . Julia Zemiro blows a kiss to viewers as the broadcast winds up on the ABC . That's it then. But just seconds after this the comedian was heard to mutter 'Oh thank God' as the credits began to roll, apparently unaware the audio had not been switched off . Even though the audio was stopped from the on-set microphones almost immediately, the 'Oh my God' remark sent social media into a spin. Some tweeters even suggesting the gaffe was their favourite moment of the coverage. Others suggesting the time between the early fireworks and the midnight show seemed to drag on longer than the entire year itself. Social media launched into action as soon as the audio spill occurred - some suggesting it was the moment of the coverage . Most social media users found Ms Zemiro's slip humorous and came to her defence . In a boost for the ABC however, the coverage was well-watched. A total national audience approaching 1.9 million viewers was reported, with the capital city audience rating 1.37 million. Last year's version copped a pasting by critics, some suggesting it had been a 'train wreck', amid other claims it was at times inappropriate and sexist. This year's show also out-rated the 2013 broadcast. Tweets about the overall coverage were not very flattering but the ABC coverage did out-rate the previous year's highly controversial show . Definitely not a fan here. But in a boost for ABC bosses, the broadcast did draw a total national audience of almost 1.9 million . Opinions on the hosts and the coverage differed across the board, with most viewers criticising at least one aspect .
highlights: Embarrassment for ABC NYE coverage again as host is caught out by open microphone at end of broadcast . Comedian Julia Zemiro appeared to utter 'Oh thank God' as the credits rolled . There were plenty of critics again over national broadcaster's coverage of the big event . Coverage of NYE extravaganza drew almost 1.9 million national TV audience .
id: fb0d133829ab26f0488b1c4f286df7802e498d4c
chatgpt: ABC's coverage of New Year's Eve celebrations in Australia has come under fire yet again, after comedian Julia Zemiro was caught out by an open microphone at the end of the broadcast. As the credits rolled, Zemiro appeared to utter "Oh thank God," leading to widespread embarrassment for the national broadcaster. Critics of ABC's NYE coverage were already out in force, with many complaining about the lack of entertainment and poor production values. Despite these criticisms, the coverage still managed to draw in almost 1.9 million national TV viewers. The open microphone incident only added fuel to the fire, with viewers taking to social media to express their frustration at the broadcaster's handling of the event. Many felt that the host's unguarded comment was indicative of a deeper problem with ABC's NYE coverage, which they felt was lackluster and unengaging. "It's just really disappointing to see the national broadcaster dropping the ball like this," said Alex Jones, a viewer from Sydney. "We should be able to expect a lot more from them, especially when it comes to such an important event as New Year's Eve." Others were more forgiving, arguing that mistakes happen and that the open microphone incident was just a minor blip on an otherwise successful broadcast. Nonetheless, it's clear that ABC will need to do some soul-searching in the coming weeks, as it seeks to win back the trust of viewers who feel let down by its coverage. In the wake of the incident, the broadcaster issued a brief statement apologizing for any offense caused by Zemiro's remark. "We take our responsibilities as Australia's national broadcaster very seriously, and we understand that we have let some viewers down with our coverage of New Year's Eve," the statement read. Despite the criticism, it's worth noting that ABC is not alone in facing backlash over its NYE coverage. Indeed, many broadcasters around the world have struggled to put on a show that meets with universal approval. Nonetheless, with its reputation on the line, ABC will no doubt be determined to bounce back in style next time around.