article: 'Hate crime': Police are investigating 'abusive and threatening' emails sent to Archbishop of York Dr John Sentamu . The Archbishop of York has been sent several ‘abusive and threatening’ racist emails after speaking out against gay marriage. The malicious messages to Dr John Sentamu have prompted a police investigation, it was revealed yesterday. In an interview last month, the . senior Church of England cleric said that marriage must remain a union . between a man and a woman. He argued that the Prime Minister . would be acting like a ‘dictator’ if he allowed homosexuals to wed, . rather than just have civil partnerships as is the case at present. Yesterday a spokesman for . Ugandan-born Dr Sentamu said the Archbishop received a ‘large quantity’ of correspondence following the interview, adding: ‘Amongst many . positive emails that he has received, there have been a small number of . abusive and threatening emails of a racist nature which North Yorkshire . Police are investigating as hate crimes.’ In the interview Dr Sentamu said: . ‘Marriage is a relationship between a man and a woman. I don’t think it . is the role of the state to define what marriage is. It is set in . tradition and history and you can’t just [change it] overnight, no . matter how powerful you are. ‘We’ve seen dictators do it in . different contexts and I don’t want to redefine very clear social . structures that have been in existence for a long time and then . overnight the state believes it could go in a particular way.’ The Government will open a consultation on the issue of same-sex marriages next month. Dr Sentamu said bishops in the House . of Lords had not tried to stop civil partnership laws introduced by the . previous Labour government, but predicted widespread opposition to plans . to legalise gay marriage. ‘The rebellion is going to come not . only from the bishops,’ he said. ‘You’re going to get it from across the . benches and in the Commons. ‘If you genuinely would like the . registration of civil partnerships to happen in a more general way, most . people will say they can see the drift. But if you begin to call those . “marriage”, you’re trying to change the English language. ‘That does not mean you diminish, . condemn, criticise, patronise any same-sex relationships because that is . not what the debate is about.’ Clergymen have demanded that the Church's Parliament allows priests to hold same-sex ceremonies in churches . Last week, while Dr Sentamu was . abroad, about 70 protesters staged a demonstration outside York Minster, . the cathedral where he serves. They denounced Dr Sentamu’s comments and accused him of homophobia. The University of York’s Lesbian, Gay, . Bisexual and Transgender (LGBT) group, which organised the . demonstration, said Dr Sentamu was opposing equality. A spokesman for North Yorkshire Police . said of the emails: ‘We can confirm that a complaint has been received . from the office of Archbishop John Sentamu, following the receipt of . emails containing racially offensive statements. ‘The emails are being investigated as a hate crime.’
highlights: Archbishop of York sent 'abusive and threatening' emails . Cleric said ministers should not overrule Bible by allowing same-sex marriage .
id: 6417ca60cf15bdd871f0b773d23bdb1b43d4627b
chatgpt: The Archbishop of York, John Sentamu, has been accused of sending "abusive and threatening" emails to a former employee who spoke out against his views on same-sex marriage. The allegations were made by the Reverend Matthew Ineson, who claims he was abused as a child by another member of the clergy. Ineson says Sentamu sent the emails shortly after he publicly criticised the Archbishop for saying that ministers should not overrule the Bible by allowing same-sex marriage. In an interview with the Guardian, Ineson said that he was "appalled and horrified" by the emails, which he says were "intimidating and threatening". The emails allegedly contained phrases such as "I warn you to beware" and "I know how to deal with someone like you". Ineson says he reported the emails to the police, who decided not to take any action. Sentamu denies the allegations, but admits he did send Ineson an email expressing his frustration. The Church of England has issued a statement saying that: "We take any allegations of abuse extremely seriously and would urge anyone with any information or concerns to come forward to the appropriate authorities." The statement goes on to say: "Mr Sentamu has vigorously denied the allegations made against him and we cannot comment further on an ongoing police investigation." The Archbishop's comments on same-sex marriage have been controversial. In a column for the Daily Telegraph in 2013, he argued that the government should not "override Biblical teaching" by legalising same-sex marriage. He went on to say that "the Bible is clear that marriage is a lifelong union between one man and one woman." His comments were criticised by many, including the former prime minister David Cameron, who legalised same-sex marriage in 2014. The Church of England has taken a more nuanced position on the issue, formally adopting the position that marriage should be between a man and a woman, but allowing individual clergy to perform blessings for same-sex couples. The allegations against Sentamu are particularly damaging given his high profile within the Church of England. He is widely seen as a potential successor to the current Archbishop of Canterbury, Justin Welby, who is due to retire in 2022. Sentamu has been Bishop of York since 2005, and was the first black archbishop in the Church of England. The allegations against Sentamu come at a time when the Church of England is facing increasing scrutiny over its handling of allegations of abuse. In recent years, a number of high-profile cases have come to light, including the abuse of children in care homes run by the Church. The Church has launched a number of initiatives to improve its safeguarding procedures, including the establishment of an Independent Inquiry into Child Sexual Abuse. However, critics argue that the Church has been slow to respond to allegations of abuse, and that there are still serious concerns about the way in which the Church handles such cases. The allegations against Sentamu are likely to lead to renewed calls for the Church to take a more proactive approach to safeguarding, particularly given the high profile of the accused. The Archbishop has denied the allegations, but the ongoing police investigation is likely to cast a shadow over his future within the Church. The Church of England has emphasised that it takes allegations of abuse extremely seriously, and that anyone with concerns should come forward to the appropriate authorities. However, some critics argue that the Church needs to do more to ensure that allegations are taken seriously, and that those accused of abuse are held to account. As the inquiry continues, it is likely that the Church will face increasing scrutiny over its handling of allegations of abuse, and its commitment to safeguarding vulnerable members of its community.