article: (CNN) -- Missiles fired by a U.S. drone killed three people in Pakistan early Thursday, Pakistani intelligence officials said, the first such attack since Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif asked U.S. President Barack Obama to end the campaign of drone strikes. The strike in northwest Pakistan also comes the week after human rights groups questioned the legality of the U.S. drone program in Pakistan and Yemen, documenting in detail some of the civilian casualties they say it has caused. The identity of the three people killed in the drone attack Thursday on a compound in the thinly governed tribal area of North Waziristan hasn't yet been confirmed but they are believed to be militants, said two Pakistani intelligence officials. Three other people were wounded in the strike near Miranshah, the main town in North Waziristan, said the officials, who declined to be identified because they weren't authorized to speak publicly about the matter. The Pakistani government "strongly condemns" the latest drone strike, the country's Ministry of Foreign Affairs said in a statement. North Waziristan is rife with militants and is the area where the United States conducts its most intensive drone campaign, against the Pakistani Taliban and al Qaeda operatives. Sharif said last week that he brought up the issue of drone attacks with Obama when the two leaders met in Washington, "emphasizing the need for an end to such strikes." Ahead of that meeting, Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch released highly critical reports on the U.S. drone program. The groups said some of the attacks may have violated international law, a charge the White House denied. This week, members of a Pakistani family cited in the Amnesty report visited Washington to talk about a drone strike that killed a 68-year-old grandmother. The dead woman's son and grandchildren said that by telling their story to members of Congress, they hope it will influence lawmakers to curtail the number of drone strikes in Pakistan. The U.S. government has said strikes by the unmanned aircraft are a necessary and carefully scrutinized part of the fight against militant groups. "The administration has repeatedly emphasized the extraordinary care that we take to make sure that counterterrorism actions are in accordance with all applicable law," White House Press Secretary Jay Carney said last week.
highlights: The attack hits a compound in North Waziristan in northwest Pakistan, officials say . It comes after the Pakistani prime minister met with President Obama last week . The Pakistani government says it "strongly condemns" the latest strike . Human rights groups have documented civilian casualties from drone strikes .
id: ba507abbd094b7a8274b60217d9fb1bf529e9ed3
chatgpt: In what appears to be another drone strike, a compound in North Waziristan in northwest Pakistan was hit, according to officials. The attack comes on the heels of a meeting between Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif and President Obama. The Pakistani government has condemned the attack, saying that it violates sovereignty and territorial integrity. Human rights groups have long documented civilian casualties from drone strikes in Pakistan. While the US government claims that these attacks are necessary to target terrorists, many argue that it is unjustifiable to harm civilians in the process. In fact, a recent report by Amnesty International found that US drone strikes have killed at least 149 people in Pakistan alone. The use of drones by the US military has been controversial due to the potential for civilian casualties and perceived violation of foreign sovereignty. In addition, the Pakistani government has been critical of the US's use of drone strikes in their country. However, the US has argued that these attacks are necessary to combat terrorism. Despite the criticism, the use of drones by the US military has continued. This latest strike in North Waziristan is a stark reminder that the US is still active in the region. The Pakistani government has repeatedly called for an end to drone strikes in their country. In response, the US has slowed down its use of drones and has agreed to consult with Pakistan before using them in the future. However, these moves have been met with skepticism, as Pakistanis remain fearful of further attacks. The use of drones in fighting terrorism is a contentious issue, with both sides presenting strong arguments. On one hand, drones are a powerful weapon in the fight against terrorism. On the other hand, there is a real risk of harming innocent civilians in the process. The latest attack in North Waziristan highlights the ongoing tension between the US and Pakistan over drone strikes. Until a resolution can be reached, this issue will continue to be at the forefront of international discussions on terrorism and military tactics.