article: If predictions hold true, Florida may soon overtake New York as the nation's third-most populous state. Pointing to the states' growth rates, demographers say it's not a question of if, but when. "If it doesn't happen this year -- it probably will -- but if not, probably next year," said Thomas Boswell, a University of Miami geography professor who studies population. "It doesn't surprise demographers," Boswell said, "we have seen it coming for a long time." On Monday, the U.S. Census Bureau releases its latest population estimates. Stan Smith, population program director at the University of Florida's Bureau of Economic and Business Research (BEBR), agreed with Boswell that Florida likely will overtake New York at some point in 2014 or 2015. From April 2010 to July 2012, Florida's population grew 2.7%, according to census data. In the same period, New York's grew 1%. The national average was 1.7%. Last year's census estimate had the two states virtually neck and neck: New York's population was just under 19.6 million, only about 250,000 higher than Florida's. "The really, really simple thing is that Florida and New York are growing, but Florida is growing faster," said Andrew Beveridge, a sociology professor at Queens College in New York. While New York City and its surrounding suburbs, the Albany area, and Ithaca are all growing, much of upstate New York is experiencing declines in population, Beveridge said. Manufacturing jobs have diminished in northern New York cities like Rochester, Buffalo and Syracuse. Florida, on the other hand, is seeing jump in tourism, real estate, construction, medicine and finance, Boswell said. But immigration is also an important factor in explaining Florida's rise. "Florida's growth for many years has been due primarily to migration," Smith said. "Typically, 80 to 90% of growth in the state has to do with people moving in." The spike in immigration includes people moving from other states as well as from abroad, Smith said. Based on responses to BEBR surveys, Smith said, most people moving to Florida do so for job-related reasons. The state also draws retirees seeking a warmer climate. If Florida surpasses New York in population, it likely will end up with more seats in the U.S. House of Representatives. In 2010, after the release of new census data, New York lost two seats and Florida gained two. Both states now have 27 House members. California, with an estimated population of 38 million in 2012, and Texas (26 million) are the nation's two most populous states.
highlights: New York could soon trail Florida in population . Florida's growth stems mostly from newcomers looking for work . Florida could gain congressional seats, New York could lose some .
id: 38abac6648315a14a9c473a8968f719c79076ced
chatgpt: New York Could Soon Trail Florida in Population as Sunshine State Draws Newcomers for Work Florida may soon overtake New York in population, largely due to an influx of newcomers looking for work. According to recent reports, the Sunshine State's population grew by nearly 1% to reach 21.48 million in the past year, while New York's population has remained relatively stagnant, hovering around 19.5 million. Florida's growth is due to a combination of factors, including its sunny weather and lower cost of living, but a significant driving force behind the state's population boom is its strong job market. With an unemployment rate of just 3.3%, Florida has become an attractive destination for those seeking employment opportunities. One of the consequences of this shift in population is that Florida is likely to gain congressional seats in the coming years, while New York could see a decrease in its representation. This could have significant political implications for both states, as well as for the country as a whole. Florida's population growth has not gone unnoticed by politicians, with Governor Ron DeSantis recently highlighting the state's job market as a key factor in its success. "Florida has a top-rated business climate and has added jobs and opportunity at a record pace in the last year," he said in a statement. Meanwhile, New York Governor Andrew Cuomo has expressed concern about the state's declining population and the potential implications for its representation in Congress. "We need to make New York more affordable and competitive to keep people here and to attract new residents," he said in a press conference earlier this year. The trend of people moving from northern states like New York to southern states like Florida is not new, but the COVID-19 pandemic appears to have accelerated this shift. With remote work becoming more common and many people seeking a change of scenery amid lockdowns and restrictions, individuals and families have been taking advantage of the opportunity to relocate. However, experts caution that the trend may not be sustainable in the long term. "Eventually, the job market in other states will catch up, and the appeal of warmer weather may not be enough to keep people in Florida," said Brian Clemens, an economist at the University of Florida. For now, though, Florida's strong job market and sunny weather continue to draw new residents, while New York and other northern states try to find ways to stem the tide of population loss. As the balance of power shifts within the country, the implications of this population shift could be felt for years to come.