article: By . Mark Prigg . PUBLISHED: . 08:34 EST, 25 September 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 10:59 EST, 25 September 2012 . Underground radio stations have a rich history in the UK - but this device gives the term a whole new meaning. A designer has created a fully functioning radio, which has the entire London tube map built in as its circuit. The impressive 45cm by 45cm contraption is accurately labeled with each of the 270 stations and took three months to make. The underground map as you've never seen it before: A designers created a working radio using the iconic London Underground map as circuits. Little touches talented artist Japanese designer Yuri Suzuki has added included choosing BBC's White City for the tuner and Hyde Park's Speaker's Corner for volume control. Oxford Circus has been changed to Oxford Circuit while Kensington has also been renamed Kensington (Resistor). Yuri, who has lived in London since 2006, said he was inspired by Harry Beck's iconic tube map design. Yuri, 31, said: 'I was asked to create something for the London Design Museum that showed how electricity worked. 'The tube map is designed by Harry Beck, who used to be an electrics engineer, and he got inspiration due to an electronic circuit board as well so it's a really nice connection. 'You can follow a tube map the same way you follow electronics. The device functions as an FM/AM radio, with the volume knob, fittingly, at Speakers Corner, the tuner control at 'BBC White City' and the option to switch frequencies at London Bridge. The battery is at Battersea Power Station. 'I've lived in London for six years and love the mixture of music and culture so it was the perfect tribute to the city.' It is not the only musical project he has developed recently. He also created The Sound Taxi, which is a black cab that turns London street noise into real time music as it travels around the capital's streets. Fitted with special speakers and microphones to pick up the London buzz, software transforms it into live music. Yuri's 'London Underground Circuit Maps' project is part of the designers in residence programme at the London Design Museum, which is on show until January next year. London-based designer Yuri Suzuki says his 'Tube Map Radio' is inspired by a spoof diagram created by the original designer of the London Tube map, Harry Beck, which shows the lines and stations as an annotated electrical circuit. White city, the home of the BBC, is used as the tuner for the radio . Regent's Park is replaced by Regent Spark in the whimsical design.
highlights: Project is a fully working FM radio . BBC's White City home to the tuner, and Hyde Park's Speaker's Corner used for volume control .
id: e3b46fac1618f62ea570a4546534bd64fcb8013f
chatgpt: In a world that is rapidly advancing in technology, there is still something to be said for good old-fashioned radio. Despite the rise of podcasts, streaming services, and other digital options, the FM radio remains a steadfast source of information, entertainment, and music for countless people around the world.  And now, a new project is making waves in the radio world. A fully functional FM radio has been created, using state-of-the-art technology to deliver crystal clear sound right to listeners' ears. The project is the result of months of hard work and collaboration between some of the best minds in the tech industry, and it is already turning heads both within and outside of the industry.  The radio is currently housed at BBC's White City location, where it is fine-tuned and perfected to offer the best possible listening experience. The team behind the radio has gone to great lengths to ensure that it delivers an unparalleled sound quality, even in areas with weaker signals or interference.  One of the most innovative features of this radio is its use of Hyde Park's Speaker's Corner as a volume control. Listeners can adjust the volume of the radio simply by speaking louder or quieter into the air, thanks to highly sensitive microphones that have been integrated into the technology. It's a truly unique way of interacting with the device, and one that has garnered a lot of attention from both the tech and radio industries.  Of course, this radio isn't just for show – it's designed to be highly functional and user-friendly as well. The interface is intuitive and easy to navigate, even for those who might not be tech-savvy. And with a range of presets and other settings to choose from, listeners can tailor their experience to their specific tastes and preferences.  But while this project is certainly exciting in its own right, it also represents something much larger. It's a reminder that even as we move towards a more digital, interconnected world, there is still value in the tangible and the tactile. Radio has been around for over a century, and it's clear that it's not going away anytime soon. Instead, it's growing and evolving alongside the rest of our technological landscape.  As the team behind this project continues to work on new and innovative ways to improve the radio experience, it's hard not to feel a sense of excitement and optimism. There is something undeniably special about the ability to turn on a device and hear the voices of people from around the world, communicating in real time. It's a feeling that can't be replicated by any other form of media, and it's one that we're lucky to be able to experience in our lifetime.  Overall, this FM radio project represents a new frontier in the radio world, and it's one that we can't wait to see continue to grow and develop in the coming months and years. With its cutting-edge technology, intuitive interface, and innovative design, it's sure to be a hit with listeners and tech enthusiasts alike. And who knows – maybe it will even inspire a whole new generation of radio enthusiasts to discover the magic of this timeless medium.