article: By . Dan Bates . Wendi Deng has hired a top New York divorce lawyer in her split with Rupert Murdoch suggesting things could became messy and expensive. Deng has retained William Zabel whose clients include billionaire financier George Soros and the late author Michael Crichton. She reportedly interviewed eight potential attorneys before choosing him. Lawyer up: Wendi Deng isn't messing around when it comes to her divorce from media mogul Rupert Murdoch. She recently hired top attorney William Zabel to represent her in the split . Mr Murdoch, 82, has turned to high-flying lawyer and friend Pamela Sloan who advised Miss Deng on her prenuptial agreement with him when they married in 1999. He is also taking counsel from New York attorney Ira Garr and Gerson Zweifach, the the general counsel of his companies News Corporation and 21st Century Fox. Mr Murdoch will be hoping to avoid a repeat of his split from his second wife Anna which cost more than $1.7billion, one of the most expensive divorces in history. And even though Mr Murdoch and Miss Deng did sign a prenuptial and two post-nuptial agreements, there is still room for discussion over issues like custody and child support for their daughters, Grace, 11, and Chloe, nine. Miss Deng, 44, will also reportedly want a share of some assets like their $44million Manhattan penthouse and one of their yachts, though it is not clear which of his fleet that would mean. Eye on the prize: Deng hopes to get the couple's $44million Manhattan penthouse . Another issue is the Murdoch family trust - Mr Murdoch announced in 2006 that Grace and Chloe would not have the same voting rights as his other children, something which angered Miss Deng. The couple reportedly almost broke up over this and Miss Deng has apparently negotiated more favorable terms for the girls. Proud mother: Deng nearly split up with Murdoch in 2006 when he announced that their children - Grace and Chloe (above) - would not have the same voting rights in the family trust as his other children . Mr Zabel is already representing Mr Soros in the $50million lawsuit brought by his former girlfriend who has claimed that he ‘snapped’ and throttled her whilst they were in bed together. Adrianna Ferreyr, 30, has claimed that the 82-year-old choked and slapped her during a row over property. Mr Zabel has also represented Jane Beasley Welch during her acrimonious split from her husband John, the former chief executive of General Electric, and US shock jock Howard Stern. A spokesman for Miss Deng confirmed that Mr Zabel had been hired but declined to comment further.
highlights: Deng has retained top New York divorce lawyer William Zabel . Murdoch's third wife hopes to get their $44million apartment and one of their yachts . Zabel currently represents billionaire financier Goerge Soros in a lawsuit brought up by one his ex-girlfriends .
id: 805d33231472e149d35292c6541ed7598b24fa7a
chatgpt: Deng, the ex-wife of billionaire media mogul Rupert Murdoch, has retained top New York divorce lawyer William Zabel as she seeks to claim her share in the couple's massive wealth. Deng is reportedly angling to get their $44 million apartment and one of their yachts, while also seeking a fair split of their vast fortune. William Zabel comes highly recommended as one of the most prominent divorce attorneys in New York City. He has a wealth of experience in high-profile cases just like this one, making him the perfect choice for Deng. Interestingly enough, Zabel is currently representing another prominent figure in a high-profile case. George Soros, the billionaire financier, is being sued by one of his ex-girlfriends. Zabel’s involvement in two high-profile cases might be challenging, but for one of the best attorneys in the city, it may not be a significant issue. The divorce between Deng and Murdoch has been making headlines, with many wondering how the massive fortune would be divided between the two exes. The couple has been together for over 14 years, and while they have signed a pre-nup agreement, the document is not ironclad. The financial details of their divorce settlement could potentially result in one of the most expensive in history. The $44 million apartment in question is located at 834 Fifth Ave, one of the most coveted addresses in New York City. Adjacent to Central Park, the apartment boasts over 6,000 square feet of living space, including five bedrooms, five bathrooms, and two libraries. The yacht, meanwhile, is a 70-foot powerboat named Rosehearty, reportedly worth around $30 million. Speculations and rumors have been circulating about the reason behind the divorce, with many pointing to Murdoch's past infidelities as the cause. However, Deng has shared little to nothing about the circumstances leading to their separation. Despite their amicable relationship over the years, reports confirm that their divorce will be straightforward but quite costly. As the proceedings move forward and the divorce settlement is determined, many are watching eagerly to see how the couple's vast fortune will be split. With William Zabel representing Deng, she has a powerful ally whose experience may bode well for her. The next few months will ultimately reveal how much of their billion-dollar fortune will go to each of them. In conclusion, Deng has taken the first step towards what could potentially be one of the most anticipated and expensive divorce proceedings in history. With William Zabel on her legal team, Deng appears to have an experienced and articulate ally behind her. While the exact details of the divorce settlement may remain under wraps for the time being, the news will undoubtedly continue to make waves in the media over the coming months.