article: With a 354-foot replica of the Eiffel Tower at the centre, the vegetable gardens in the Chinese town of Tianducheng may be the world's most elaborate allotment. Where greens and radishes grow were supposed to be the beautifully manicured gardens of a development built to be just like Paris. But those plans were abandoned when developers ran out of money and the garden became overgrown and unsightly. Scroll down for video . A 354-foot replica of the Eiffel Tower stands at the centre of the failed Paris copycat development in the Chinese town of Tianducheng . Manicured gardens were supposed to beautify the town but locals have instead created vegetable gardens at the foot of the attraction . The few residents who remain in Tianducheng are happy with the gardens say it's better than having weeds taking over the space . Sensing an opportunity locals have stepped in to make the most of the space and now their vegetables are flourishing in the shadow of the bizarre landmark. Tianducheng, in the city of Hangzhou in the east China province of Zhejiang, opened with great fanfare in 2007 with Parisian-style houses and its own Arc de Triomphe. Its one-third scale Eiffel Tower (the real one is 1,063 feet) looks remarkably realistic, but wasn't enough to entice the 10,000 residents developers hoped for. Just 2,000 moved in and local media refer to it as a ghost town. With the tower starting to rust and a lift to the top never coming to fruition, the few residents who remain are largely happy about the vegetable plots saying they are more appealing than weeds. Tianducheng opened with great fanfare in 2007 but fell substantially short of their 10,000 resident target . Developers ran out of money and have failed the complete the project, which is now largely farmland and abandoned residential towers . The developers blame Tianducheng's location for its failure. Copycat towns are no new concept in China, with Italian city of Venice recreated in the port city of Dalian in China's north-eastern Liaoning province. The World Heritage-listed Austrian Alps village of Hallstatt has also been mimicked in Guangdong province, much to the disapproval of those from the original.
highlights: Tianducheng was built to resemble Paris with its own 354-foot Eiffel Tower . The town opened amid great fanfare in 2007 but is now a ghost town . Overgrown gardens were overtaken by locals to grown vegetable .
id: 1d7a29294fb58766b87ef0ffdf09b7ecd7507c62
chatgpt: Tianducheng, a town in eastern China, was created to be a replica of Paris, complete with its own 354-foot Eiffel Tower. In 2007, it opened with great fanfare, but now, it looks like a ghost town. Overgrown gardens have been taken over by the locals, who use the empty lots to grow vegetables. Designed to house over 10,000 people, Tianducheng was intended to be a thriving community of boutique shops, restaurants, and residential apartments. The town was meant to be a modern, westernized center that would draw in new residents to the area. However, the ambitious project never took off. Empty streets, boarded-up shopfronts, and empty apartments now dominate the community. Many of the buildings are unfinished, and the vast majority remain unoccupied. The town may have been inspired by Paris but, without residents or businesses, there is little to distinguish Tianducheng from any other abandoned, desolate town. Despite its lack of success, the Eiffel Tower in Tianducheng remains one of the town's main attractions. The tower is a remarkable feat of engineering, and visitors continue to flock to the site from around the world. The tower has become a symbol of the potential that was once held for the town, but now it is little more than an empty vessel. Over the years, Tianducheng has become a curiosity for tourists taking photos of the eerie ghost town with its giant replica of the Eiffel Tower. However, residents of the nearby communities have found a use for the abandoned land. They have transformed the overgrown gardens into fertile fields for growing vegetables, an ironic use of land that was once meant for a futuristic, high-tech community. Despite the disappointment of the Tianducheng project, the town remains a landmark in its own right. With its Eiffel Tower and empty streets, it is a time capsule of a once-ambitious and hopeful project that failed to take root. Nonetheless, its legacy will live on, reminding people of the challenges that arise when attempting to build a town that resembles a European city in the Chinese countryside.