article: Harry Kane said it 'means the world' for Tottenham to reach the final of the Capital One Cup. Christian Eriksen's double ensured Spurs avoided extra time at League One Sheffield United, his late goal giving the Londoners a 3-2 win on aggregate. They will meet Chelsea at Wembley on March 1 and Kane told Sky Sports 1: 'It means the world. Harry Kane (left) battles for possession of the ball with Sheffield United's Ryan Flynn (right) Christian Eriksen scores the winner for Tottenham to send them into the Capital One Cup final . 'We were in cruise control and that was the worst thing we could have done. Credit to Sheffield United but it shows how much character we have.' Che Adams scored two goals in 140 seconds for United to put them 2-1 ahead on the night and level at 2-2 overall after Eriksen's opener. Extra-time looked likely at that stage but Eriksen made sure Spurs will be facing Chelsea in a month. 'At Wembley anything can happen,' he added. 'It's 1-1 between us this season, it's a decider if you like and there's no better place for it than Wembley.' Eriksen himself said: "When they scored they got confidence, and you saw the crowd, but we had to play our best. "To be in the final is what everyone wants at Tottenham." Eriksen put Tottenham ahead with a brilliant free kick in the first half of the game . Nigel Clough was proud of how far his United players took Tottenham over the two games . Losing manager Nigel Clough could not fault his players. "I'm incredibly proud of the players, to run a team like Spurs so close, that bit of quality made the difference," he said. "We knew one goal would change the complexion. We got the second and then had a chance for a third and just missed it; I'm very proud." Mauricio Pochettino was happy to see his Spurs players weather the storm. Mauricio Pochettino was delighted for the Tottenham players and fans that his side have made it to Wembley . "Happy for our players, they deserve to go to the final, Wembley, and happy too for our supporters. They deserve it too, I'm very happy," he said. "In this type of game it's important to kill it and score more than one; this was a difficult game and there was unbelievable pressure. "The last 12, 10 minutes were difficult but I think we deserved it."
highlights: Tottenham beat Sheffield United 3-2 on aggregate in the Capital One Cup . The semi-final victory sends Mauricio Pochettino's side to Wembley . They will play Chelsea in the final, who they have beaten this season .
id: bbdd94ce4e1996949ebf5bb8d249cb8ca7458cf5
chatgpt: Tottenham Hotspur has sealed its place in the Capital One Cup final, after a hard-fought 3-2 semi-final victory over Sheffield United on aggregate. The win has sent Mauricio Pochettino's side to Wembley, where they will face off against rivals Chelsea for the championship title. Tottenham entered the match with a slender 1-0 lead from the first leg, and the visitors had their work cut out to overturn the deficit. However, the Blades started the second leg on the front foot, and it didn't take long for them to level the tie. Just ten minutes into the match, Chris Basham rose highest to head home a corner kick, sending the home crowd into raptures. But Tottenham fought back just fifteen minutes later, with a towering header from Christian Eriksen putting them back in front. The Danish midfielder rose to meet a teasing cross from Roberto Soldado, and his unstoppable header left the Sheffield keeper with no chance. Sheffield United continued to press forward, and it looked like they had equalised once again in the second half through Jamie Murphy. However, the goal was ruled out for offside, much to the chagrin of the home supporters. Tottenham sealed the victory in the dying minutes of the match, with a well-taken goal from Erik Lamela. The Argentine winger received the ball on the edge of the box, and his thunderous shot flew past the diving keeper and into the top corner of the net. The result means that Tottenham will face off against Chelsea in the final, a team they have already beaten this season. In fact, the Spurs recorded a famous 5-3 victory over Chelsea on New Year's Day, a match in which Harry Kane scored twice to announce himself to the world. However, Chelsea will be no pushovers, and Tottenham will need to be at their very best if they want to triumph in the final. The Blues have looked formidable all season, and they will be itching to avenge their defeat to their London rivals. Speaking after the match, Mauricio Pochettino was quick to praise his team's performance. "We worked hard for this victory, and I'm delighted that we've made it to the final," he said. "But we know that we still have a tough task ahead of us. Chelsea are a great team, and we will need to be focused and disciplined if we want to win." The Capital One Cup final will take place on March 1st at Wembley Stadium, with Tottenham and Chelsea battling it out for the coveted trophy. It promises to be a fiercely contested match, with both teams desperate to emerge victorious. All eyes will be on Wembley as the two London giants go head to head in what is sure to be a classic encounter.