article: (CNN) -- More than 2,100 registered North Carolina sex offenders were found on the social networking site MySpace, the state attorney general's office said Tuesday. North Carolina bans sex offenders within the state from social networking sites where children are members. In response to a subpoena from state Attorney General Roy Cooper, "MySpace turned over the names, IP and e-mail addresses of 2,116 convicted North Carolina sex offenders found on its social networking Web site," Cooper's office said in a written statement. Cooper has requested similar information from Facebook, another popular social networking site, the statement said. MySpace has told North Carolina authorities that the sex offenders it identified have been removed from the site. North Carolina's State Bureau of Investigation is sharing the sex offenders' information with all 100 sheriffs in the state, Cooper's office said. "It's no secret that child predators are on these Web sites," Cooper said in the statement. "Turning over information about these predators to law enforcement helps, but MySpace, Facebook and other social networks need to do much more to protect kids online." North Carolina passed a law last year banning sex offenders within the state from social networking sites where children are members, making it a felony offense. Sex offenders on social networking sites is not a new issue. Last month, Newsweek magazine reported that Facebook said it had removed 5,585 convicted sex offenders from its site between May 2008 and January 2009. MySpace also announced it had removed 90,000 sex offenders in a two-year period, the magazine said. Last June, the Texas attorney general's office said it had arrested seven convicted sex offenders who violated their parole conditions by creating MySpace profiles, according to an article on the TechNewsWorld Web site. Cooper and Richard Blumenthal, Connecticut's attorney general, for more than three years have led a group of attorneys general in working to make social networking safer, Cooper's office said. The group is pushing social networks to use technology such as age and identity verification to better protect users who may be children. After discussions with the group, MySpace became the first social networking site to develop technology aimed at finding and removing sex offenders, the North Carolina statement said. Cooper is pushing Facebook to take similar steps. But, Cooper's office said, "the information provided by MySpace does not include sex offenders who have not been convicted, are not registered or may be using aliases on the site. Cooper remains concerned about other sex offenders on the site who may be lying about who they are, and is continuing to ask MySpace to do more to protect children on the site."
highlights: Site provided names, IP and e-mail addresses of offenders it found, AG says . Similar information requested from Facebook networking site, he says . MySpace says that sex offenders it identified have been removed from site . North Carolina officials sharing sex offenders' data with all sheriffs in the state .
id: 0d4254ab5376e449171215e7b51a6a6a9a4b2e64
chatgpt: A website that reportedly exposed names, IP and e-mail addresses of sex offenders has caught the attention of North Carolina's authorities. The state Attorney General's office revealed that the site has provided them with valuable information in their effort to protect the community from sexual predators. According to the Attorney General's office, the site has been instrumental in identifying sex offenders who have violated registration laws in the state. The site reportedly provided the names, IP and e-mail addresses of offenders it found which has been a huge help for the law enforcement authorities in their investigations. The Attorney General's office also disclosed that they have requested from Facebook to provide them with similar information. The popular networking site is said to have billions of users worldwide, which could make it a valuable source of information for authorities. Meanwhile, MySpace has announced that sex offenders it identified have already been removed from the site. The website has taken a proactive stance against sexual predators by partnering with law enforcement agencies to keep their platform safe for their users. In North Carolina, officials are sharing sex offenders' data with all sheriffs in the state. This move is seen as a preventive measure aimed at ensuring that sexual predators are monitored closely and prevented from committing crimes in their respective areas. The sharing of sex offenders' data among authorities is not new. Various states have been implementing similar measures to prevent sexual predators from finding easy targets. Laws requiring sex offenders to register are in place in most states and are seen as a deterrent to committing sex crimes. Data sharing, in particular, has become more important in this age of the internet where sexual predators often use technology to prey on their victims. Authorities must keep up with the latest trends in online activities to effectively deal with sexual predators and keep their communities safe. The Attorney General's office has reminded citizens that they too can help in identifying sexual predators by reporting any suspicious activities to the authorities. Sexual offenses often go unreported, which makes it difficult for authorities to take action and prevent further crimes. In conclusion, the effort to protect citizens from sexual predators is ongoing. The collaboration between law enforcement agencies and technology companies has been a significant step towards safeguarding communities. With data sharing, sex offenders are monitored more closely, which could deter them from committing further offenses. Citizens are also encouraged to report any suspicious activities to help authorities in their efforts to keep communities safe.