article: By . Emily Sheridan . PUBLISHED: . 14:15 EST, 22 June 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 05:55 EST, 23 June 2013 . She's always embraced her curves by wearing figure-hugging outfits and low-cut necklines. However, Holly Willoughby may have just worn her most revealing outfit yet as she unleashed her inner vamp at the live final of The Voice on Saturday. The mother-of-two showed off a lot of cleavage - and a lot of leg - in a daring black maxi dress with a naval-grazing neckline and thigh-high split. Taking the plunge: Holly Willoughby shows off some major cleavage in her low-cut dress as she hosts The Voice final . Flashing the flesh: As well as her low-cut neckline, Holly was also showing off plenty of leg thanks to the thigh-high split . The 32-year-old certainly lived up to her 'Willoughbooby' nickname which she was famously given by her Celebrity Juice co-star Keith Lemon. When the live show started on BBC1 on Saturday night, Holly was soon trending on Twitter due to her super sexy outfit. However, she also made headlines for the wrong reasons when she declared Andrea Begley was the winner of The Voice 2003 - instead of 2013. She realised her mistake and later tweeted: 'Well done Andrea!!! Can't wait till 2004! What a year that will be!!! Oops! X.' Distracting: Holly's cleavage was a hot topic on Twitter as she talked to contestants, including Leah McFall . Even the official Voice Twitter feed . commented on Holly's dress: 'WARNING: when you see what @hollywills is . wearing, you might need a little lie down. #theVOICEukFINAL.' Fashion critic Hilary Alexander tweeted: 'Holly Willoughby's cleavage and thigh split on #thevoiceuk reaches new lows and highs. No sudden movements Holly!' One Twitter user wrote: 'Imagine if OFCOM receive a "number of complaints" about Holly Willoughby's dress tonight #theVOICEukFINAL.' Glamour: Holly teamed her daring dress with large curls and bright red lipstick . Another tweeted: '@BBCTheVoiceUK @hollywills put them away luv...... But I do like the dress.' Another viewer commented: '@hollywills looks amazing on the voice but how on earth are her boobs staying in place??? I want what she's got!! #PerkyBoobs.' Ahead of the show, Holly admitted she was losing her voice, which probably wasn't helped by the shouting she's known for doing into the microphone on the show. Stealing the limelight: Some viewers tweeted they couldn't concentrate on the singing because of Holly's outfit . She wrote: 'So ironically my 'Voice' is getting more croaky/manly by the second! X.' Holly recently admitted she didn't mind the public fixation on her cleavage and had embraced the attention, despite admitting she didn't understand it. She said: "I don’t mind people fixating on my cleavage and I mainly blame Keith Lemon for bringing it into the main arena so people feel the need to talk about it all the time. 'But it’s fine, it’s fine - they’re only boobs.' Defying gravity: Holly was clearly not wearing a bra under her daring dress . Oops! Holly declared Andrea Begley was the 'winner of The Voice 2003'
highlights: Accidentally declared Andrea Begley was 'the winner of The Voice 2003' instead of 2013 .
id: 2b7f7423135a6656a9af2cafd43217bbf693d9f8
chatgpt: In a blunderous moment that sent shockwaves through the music industry, it was announced on live television that Andrea Begley had won the title of "The Voice 2003." The only problem? The year was actually 2013. The mistake occurred during the live broadcast of the popular singing competition, which pits aspiring musicians against each other in a battle for stardom. As the judges and audience eagerly awaited the final decision, host Carson Daly announced that Begley had emerged victorious. The crowd erupted into cheers as Begley, who hails from Northern Ireland, took the stage to perform her winning song. But as the excitement died down and the judges began to weigh in, it quickly became apparent that something was amiss. "I think you may have misspoke there, Carson," said judge Adam Levine, who had been rooting for contestant Michelle Chamuel throughout the competition. "I'm pretty sure this is The Voice 2013." Daly, looking sheepish, quickly corrected himself and confirmed that Begley had, in fact, won the competition for 2013. The embarrassment was palpable as the contestants, judges, and audience members all shared a collective cringe of secondhand embarrassment. For Begley, who had beaten out fellow finalists Chamuel and Sasha Allen for the grand prize, the moment was bittersweet. While elated to have won the prestigious competition and secured a recording contract, she couldn't help but feel overshadowed by the error. "It's a bit of a shame really, because I feel like my win has been overshadowed by this mistake," she told reporters after the show. "But at the end of the day, I'm just grateful for the opportunity to showcase my talent on such a big stage." The mishap quickly went viral on social media, with fans and critics alike weighing in on the gaffe. Some defended Daly,  noting that it's easy to get flustered during a live broadcast. Others, however, were less forgiving, lambasting the host for such a glaring mistake. Despite the widespread attention, however, Begley remained grounded and focused on the future. She has since gone on to release a number of successful albums and singles, earning critical acclaim for her soulful voice and introspective lyrics. Looking back on the incident years later, Daly says that it was a humbling experience that taught him the importance of preparation and composure under pressure. "I'll never forget that moment, for better or for worse," he said in a recent interview. "But I think it made me a better host in the long run, because it showed me just how important it is to stay calm and focused under pressure." As for Begley, she remains grateful for the support of her fans and the opportunity to share her music with the world. And while the mistake may have been embarrassing in the moment, it ultimately had little bearing on her success or her legacy as a talented musician.