article: Washington (CNN) -- Responding to the uproar over physical searches of children, the Transportation Security Administration is rolling out new procedures that should reduce, although not eliminate, the number of times children are patted down at airport checkpoints. Under the new procedures, children age 12 and younger will be allowed to keep their shoes on, the TSA said. If a metal detector or full-body image detects a suspicious object, the children will be allowed multiple passes through the machines in an effort to identify the anomaly. Finally, airport screeners will have the option of swabbing the children's hands to check for explosive residue as an alternative to patting down the children. Pat downs will be used only if concerns persist. Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano on Tuesday told a Senate committee the TSA will roll out the new procedures in the coming weeks and months. "It does require additional training of all of the thousands of TSA officers and that's under way," she said. In the spring, the TSA modified the actual pat down procedures, refining the parts of the body officers touch, amid widespread criticism that the pat downs were too intrusive. Since then, the TSA has been testing a variety of protocols to see if it could address public concerns without jeopardizing security. The pilot program, which has been going on since August at six airports, has shown the TSA could reduce the number of times it has had to pat down children, a TSA official said. The six airports are Boston Logan International, Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International, Miami International, Orlando International, Houston Intercontinental and Denver International. The furor over screening of children erupted in spring after a video posted on YouTube showed a 6-year-old girl being searched at New Orleans airport on April 5. The girl protests the search at first, although she complies quietly while it is under way. TSA chief John Pistole said at a Capitol Hill hearing in spring that a female security screener performed the pat down on the girl because the child had moved while passing through the imaging machine. That prevented the device from getting a clear reading. Pistole suggested then that a pat down of a child is not entirely unjustified. "Unfortunately we know that terrorists around the world have used children as suicide bombers," Pistole said.
highlights: TSA responds to criticism of pat downs for children with new procedures . Children will be allowed several passes through machines . Options will include swabbing hands for explosive residue . Official says it will take time to train all agents to implement procedures .
id: 9d939add6870c842288c6053ed3a6ee1fa745587
chatgpt: The Transportation Security Administration (TSA) has responded to widespread criticism of its pat-down procedures for children by introducing new options for screening. The agency announced that children will now be allowed to pass through certain security machines several times, and will have the option of having their hands swabbed for explosive residue. These procedures are aimed at reducing the number of pat downs and making the screening process less invasive for children. The announcement comes following criticism of the TSA for its pat down procedures, which some have described as overly aggressive and harmful to children's well-being. In recent years, there have been several reports of TSA agents treating children in a rough manner during the screening process. This has led to parents and advocacy groups calling for changes to be made to the way children are screened at airports. Under the new procedures, children will be able to pass through the security machines several times, which will allow TSA agents to get a clearer view of any potential threats. If a threat is detected, the child will then be subjected to further screening. One option for screening will be the swabbing of the child's hands for explosive residue. This will involve an agent taking a small swab of the child's hand, which will then be tested for any trace of explosives. If no residue is found, the child will be free to proceed to their gate. According to a TSA official, it will take time to train all agents to implement these new procedures. However, the official stressed that the agency is committed to making the screening process less invasive for children, while still ensuring the safety of all passengers. "The TSA is always looking for ways to improve the screening process, and we recognize that the screening of children can be a sensitive issue," the official said. "We believe that these new procedures will help to reduce the number of pat downs and make the screening process less stressful for children and their parents." The TSA is also working with advocacy groups to ensure that the new procedures meet the needs of all travelers, including those with disabilities and those who are non-native English speakers. Overall, these new screening procedures are a positive step in making air travel safer and less stressful for children. While it may take some time for all agents to be trained in implementing these new procedures, the TSA's commitment to reducing the number of pat downs and making the screening process less invasive for children is laudable. Parents can rest assured that their children will be treated with care and respect while traveling through airports.