article: By . Louise Cheer . Sportsbet will be praying for a miracle after a publicity stunt involving a floating, inflatable Jesus put the betting giant in hot water. Commuters in Melbourne were taken by surprise on Tuesday morning when a 46-m high replica of Brazil's iconic Christ the Redeemer statue was spotted hovering in the skies. A Sportsbet spokesman said it was a show of support for the Socceroos on the eve of the World Cup. Scroll down for video . Church leaders have labelled Sportsbet's show of support for the Socceroos World Cup campaign as 'offensive' But church leaders have labelled the ambitious promotion 'offensive'. Victorian Inter-Church Gambling Taskforce chairman Mark Zirnsak said it demonstrated the depths Sportsbet was willing to sink to in pursuit of profits. 'They would have known that the use of Christ the Redeemer to promote their business would be offensive to most of the Christian community' he said. 'What is truly offensive is they would have calculated that the controversy they have caused will give them hundreds of thousands of dollars of free advertising in the media.' The 48-m floating replica of Christ the Redeemer was seen by commuters over the Melbourne skies . A Sportsbet spokesman said the reaction to the floating replica has been generally positive . Sportsbet spokesman Will Byrne said the floating Messiah aimed to generate support amongst Australians ahead of the Socceroos' World Cup campaign. 'We’re actually supporting the Socceroos and asking fans to #KeepTheFaith as we need some divine intervention to progress in the World Cup,' he said. 'We wanted to make it loud and clear that we are backing the boys in Brazil and what better way to do so than with Australia’s largest ever balloon floating above the Melbourne skyline. 'It’s always hard to predict how people will react to such a public display of support but...the positive reactions have definitely outweighed the bad.' This year's FIFA World Cup will kick off on June 12 with games being played in 12 cities across Brazil, including Rio de Janiero, Brasilia and Sao Paul.
highlights: Sportsbet launched the 46m replica into the Melbourne skies on Tuesday . Church groups have labelled the move by the betting giant as 'offensive' But a Sportsbet spokesman says it was in support of the Australian team . The FIFA World Cup tournament kicks off in just two days in Brazil .
id: 2311eff781af35802740da3247f1f283b72dc1f6
chatgpt: Sportsbet, Australia's leading online betting company, has launched a 46-meter replica of Christ the Redeemer into the Melbourne skies on Tuesday. This move by the betting giant has sparked controversy as several church groups have labeled it as "offensive." According to reports, the replica was launched in support of the Australian team who will be competing in the FIFA World Cup tournament that is set to kick off in just two days in Brazil. The statue has been created using different materials, including timber and steel. Despite the intentions behind the move, several church groups have expressed their disapproval, stating that it is disrespectful to the religious sentiments of people. Father Tony Kerin of the St. Patrick's Church was quoted as saying, "I understand that sports companies and betting companies want to capitalize on big sporting events like the World Cup. But to do it by launching a replica of Christ the Redeemer is simply offensive." However, Sportsbet has defended its decision, stating that the move was not intended to offend anyone but rather to show their support for the Australian team. A Sportsbet spokesman said, "We understand that some may find it offensive, but it was never our intention to disrespect anyone's religious beliefs. We wanted to show our support for the Australian team in a unique and creative way." The launch of the replica has generated mixed reactions on social media, with some users condemning Sportsbet for what they see as an insensitive and inappropriate move, while others have praised it for its creativity. The FIFA World Cup tournament is one of the most-watched sporting events in the world, with millions of people tuning in from across the globe. Australia is set to compete in the tournament alongside 31 other teams, and the country has been rallying behind its team in the run-up to the event. In conclusion, the launch of the 46-meter replica of Christ the Redeemer by Sportsbet has caused much debate on the appropriateness of such a move. While it may have been intended to show support for the Australian team, it remains to be seen whether it would be viewed by many as a creative gesture or simply outright disrespectful.