article: This is the amazing moment where a baby bear runs from the woods onto the green of a golf course and begins performing circus tricks. Two other baby bears remain on the edge of the green as their more adventurous sibling makes his way to the flag. The bear quickly reaches out to the flag and rears up onto his hind legs. The adventurous baby bear approaches the flag marking the pin with a certain degree of trepidation . The bear grasps the pole with his paw as two of his more nervous siblings watch from the edge of the green . After about one minute, he starts pulling down the flag and begins dancing around in a circle. Then he changes to a forward and back motion. The bear was spotted by Andi Dzilums as he played with friends at the Fairmont Hot Springs' golf course in British Columbia, Canada. Mr Dzilums said: 'It was a once-in-a-lifetime thing to see this amazing baby bear playing like all kids do!' At one stage the bear pulls the pole down towards the ground and attempts to chew on the red flag. He then releases the flag which springs up at some considerable speed. Soon the bear starts climbing on the pole before beginning his unusual dance routine and swinging around . The bear then decides it wants to play with the flag and pulls down on the flag bending it over . Standing on his hind legs, the bear begins to swing around on the pole before trying to bite the red flag . Having lost interest in the flag, the bear then spots one of the player's golf balls which was lying a tricky 12-foot putt from the hole. The bear bounds over to the bright yellow ball and takes it into its mouth before retreating to the edge of the green. The video, which was posted on YouTube, has been viewed almost 625,000 times. Eventually the bear gets bored playing with the pole and instead decides to investigate the yellow golf ball . Unfortunately for the golfers, the bear picks up the ball and trudges over to the edge of the green .
highlights: Andi Dzilums was playing a round of golf with friends when he saw the bear . The baby bear was on the green of the Fairmount Hot Springs' course . Mr Dzilums recorded the encounter on his smart phone and posted it online . The bizarre dance in British Columbia has been viewed more than 600k times . After playing with the flag, the bear ran off with one of the golf balls .
id: 5fe83906aa622c16644bfdc142a391b4fc78d257
chatgpt: A golf game in British Columbia turned into a jaw-dropping experience for Andi Dzilums and his friends. As they were playing at the Fairmont Hot Springs' course, they saw a baby bear wandering on the green. What followed was a hilarious and bizarre encounter that was caught on video and quickly went viral on the internet. Andi Dzilums was quick to whip out his smartphone and start recording the unusual sighting. The baby bear was seemingly curious about the golf game, as it began to play with the flag on the green. As Andi and his friends watched in amazement, the bear continued to approach them, providing them with a perfect opportunity to capture the moment on video. What followed was a scene that could only be described as bizarre, as the bear started to follow Andi and his friends around the course. At one point, he even started to roll around on the grass while Andi and his friends watched in disbelief. However, the most amusing part of the encounter was when the bear ran off with one of the golf balls. It appeared that the curious animal had claimed one of the balls as its own, much to the amusement of the golfers. The video of the encounter has since gone viral, amassing over 600,000 views online. The footage has attracted widespread attention, with many internet users expressing their amusement and awe at the cute and unexpected encounter. Despite the seemingly friendly encounter, experts warn that getting too close to wildlife is generally not advisable, as it can be dangerous both for the humans and the animals. However, in this case, it seems that the baby bear was merely curious and provided Andi and his friends with a once-in-a-lifetime experience. All in all, the bizarre dance between the baby bear and the golfers in British Columbia is testament to the unpredictable and fascinating nature of wildlife. Andi and his friends will undoubtedly never forget the experience, and their video will be an enduring reminder of their uniquely Canadian encounter on the golf course.