article: Nicolas Sarkozy was joined by supermodel wife Carla Bruni on the campaign trail last night as the former French president stepped up his campaign to retake the Elysee palace. Speaking at an event in Nice, Sarkozy vowed to clamp down on illegal immigration if he is returned to power as well as readdressing the free movement of people within the European Union. Last month, Sarkozy, 59, announced that he wanted to run for the candidacy of the centre-right UMP party for the French Presidential Election scheduled to take place in April and May 2017. Scroll down for video . Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy was joined at the campaign rally by his wife Carla Bruni . Ms Bruni, pictured, was said to be against her husband's plan to run again for the French presidency . However, her presence at the rally is seen as she is behind her husband's campaign to run again in 2017 . The former president addressed immigration, welfare tourism and the free movement of EU citizens during his speech. Sarkozy told his supporters: 'Schengen is no longer working, we want a new Schengen.' The Schengen agreement allowed for the free movement of EU citizens and removed border checks. Britain and Ireland opted out of joining the Schengen area. Sarkozy said: 'We can no longer afford the luxury of distributing a number of benefits to people in France illegally. 'Caring for someone in an emergency situation it is a moral imperative, but medical tourism is a scandal. 'I want to end benefits tourism in our country.' Sarkozy was defeated by socialist Francois Hollande in 2012 and told journalists at the time that they would never hear from him again. Sarkozy, pictured, said last month that he was running again because the socialists 'were ruining France' In his speech to UMP party supporters, Sarkozy said he would clamp down on welfare tourism if elected . But he indicated last year that he was considering a return to politics because the socialists 'were ruining France'. His wife, Carla Bruni, 46, had begged Sarkozy not to stand again as people were 'mean to him' when he was President. However, her presence at the rally in Nice will provide a significant boost to him in the opinion polls. Sarkozy's main rival for the UMP nomination is former French prime minister Alain Juppe, who has received the backing of former president Jacques Chirac. A section of Sarkozy's speech was live-tweeted where he said he would change the Schengen agreement, end benefits for illegal immigrants as well as describing so-called 'medical tourism' as a scandal .
highlights: Nicolas Sarkozy was joined on the campaign trail by supermodel Carla Bruni . Sarkozy addressed a group of UMP party supporters at a rally in Nice . He said he wanted to end benefits for illegal immigrants and health tourism . He vowed to rewrite a European agreement allowing freedom of movement .
id: 30527624f0efec1e7e6d111f28afda66837074ad
chatgpt: Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy was in the city of Nice on Sunday, addressing a group of supporters from his UMP party. Joining him was his wife, the supermodel turned singer Carla Bruni. Sarkozy used his speech to outline the direction he would take if he were to be re-elected next year. The former President made it clear that he was determined to crack down on illegal immigration and health tourism. He called for an end to benefits for those who enter the country illegally, a policy that is likely to be popular with right-wing voters. The former President also vowed to rewrite a European agreement that allows freedom of movement within the EU. Sarkozy argued that the policy led to an inflow of cheap workers into France, driving down wages and making it harder for French people to find work. "We must renegotiate the treaty of Schengen," he said, referring to the agreement that allows for open borders within most of Europe. The Schengen Treaty has been a controversial issue in France for many years. Many right-wing politicians argue that it has led to a flood of uncontrolled immigration into the country, and they have called for it to be scrapped. However, Sarkozy has stopped short of calling for France to leave the EU altogether, instead calling for a renegotiation of the Treaty. Sarkozy also used the opportunity to criticise the current President, Francois Hollande. He accused Hollande of being too soft on immigration and called on him to take a tougher stance. "France is not a place for just anyone. It is a country that we love, that we defend and that we want to continue to defend", Sarkozy declared. Sarkozy is hoping to make a comeback in next year's Presidential election, but the polls suggest he is currently behind the far-right leader Marine Le Pen. However, Sarkozy has promised to fight hard, and his campaign was given a boost by the appearance of Carla Bruni, who is popular in France and has recently released a new album. Bruni has been a prominent figure in French politics ever since she married Sarkozy in 2008. Despite being a former supermodel, she has proved to be something of a political force in her own right, campaigning on issues such as women's rights and HIV/AIDS awareness. Sarkozy and Bruni's appearance in Nice was seen as an attempt to rally the party faithful and to win over undecided voters. The UMP will hold its primary elections later this year, and Sarkozy is seen as the favourite to win. However, the former President faces an uphill battle, with many voters still holding a grudge against him for his controversial time in office. Sarkozy hopes that his tough stance on immigration and his promise to renegotiate the Schengen Treaty will win over voters who are disillusioned with the current President.