article: (CNN) -- As the fallout from the botched launch of Affordable Care Act's exchanges continues, it grows ever clearer that website glitches are only a small part of the problem with the cumbersome -- and increasingly unworkable -- law. One has to ask: Is President Barack Obama making this up as he goes? It's hard to imagine that the President and the team charged with implementing Obamacare couldn't have foreseen the problems that have continually popped up. Yet, here we are, bringing in "tech surges" to examine the website problems, security experts to mitigate privacy concerns, insurance executives to "brainstorm" ways to actually insure people. And all the while the President has implied he was the last to know that storm clouds were on the immediate horizon. There are two possible scenarios here: . One, the President is lying, and quite effectively. If he knew that the website wouldn't be up to snuff, or that millions of Americans would not, in fact, be able to keep their insurance plans if they liked them, then he simply made a calculation that many politicians make: Lies aren't necessarily fatal. Except when they are. Just ask Richard "I'm not a crook" Nixon, George "Read my lips" Bush, or George "WMD" Bush. Or two, Obama is hopelessly out of the loop. Whether it was the IRS scandal, the NSA spying program or these ACA collapses, no one in his immediate circle appears to have felt it necessary to inform the President of looming problems that he might have to answer for, let alone solve. If I were a Democrat like Rep. Charlie Rangel, D-New York, who recently told the New York Daily News, "Saying you're sorry doesn't help me worth a damn at the polls," I might be hoping it's the former. Politicians who lie are hardly exotic. Chicanery is often merely the price of successful political salesmanship. Incompetence, on the other hand, is far more damaging to the Democratic brand. Whereas the left and much of the narrative in the popular culture have already written Republicans off as impolitic and inept, liberals, on the other hand, assert their intellectual superiority and tout their "willingness to govern" and get things done as party mantra. Not only is the left smarter and more sophisticated, they insist, they're also supposed to prove that government can solve problems. More pointedly, that big, unwieldy bureaucracies like the Department of Health and Human Services and the IRS can solve massive problems, like healthcare. Whether he was uninformed of or simply incurious about the potential failures, Obama's lack of preparedness and competence in implementing his signature piece of legislation not only diminishes his credibility as a problem-solver, but it jeopardizes the faith in government that liberals rely on. When government looks hapless, private-sector innovators are empowered and emboldened. For liberals, that's bad for business. Better they hope he was merely being dishonest. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of S.E. Cupp.
highlights: S.E. Cupp: Repeated snafus in health exchange rollouts make it seem Obama's playing it by ear . Cupp: He's either lying about not knowing exchange website not ready, or he's incompetent . She says lying would be better it's politically survivable. Incompetence is more damaging . Cupp: Dems tout ability to make government solve problems. Botched rollout hurts their brand .
id: 2b57c01998b444fece5fdf54738a2b8d6cf7b68f
chatgpt: The recent rollouts of health exchanges in several states have been plagued by repeated snafus. This has led some political commentators to question whether President Obama is simply playing it by ear when it comes to implementing the Affordable Care Act (ACA). One such commentator is S.E. Cupp, who has been particularly critical of the Obama administration's handling of the health exchange rollout. Cupp argues that the repeated delays and glitches suggest that Obama is either lying about not knowing the website was not ready, or he is simply incompetent. Cupp argues that lying would be the more politically survivable option for Obama, as Americans may be more forgiving of a politician who stretched the truth than one who simply couldn't get the job done. Incompetence, on the other hand, is a more damaging charge, as it strikes at the heart of Democrats' claim that they are uniquely capable of making government work for the American people. Cupp's critique of the Obama administration's handling of the health exchange rollout is not without merit. The website for the federal exchange, healthcare.gov, was beset with technical problems from the outset, making it difficult for Americans to sign up for health insurance. The problems were so severe that the site had to be taken offline for a period of time in order to make necessary repairs and upgrades. Similarly, several state-run health exchanges have struggled to get off the ground, with some experiencing significant delays and technical glitches. In Massachusetts, the state's health exchange failed spectacularly, leading the state to abandon its entire system and transition back to the federal exchange. These delays and technical problems have led to frustration and confusion among Americans, many of whom have been eager to sign up for health insurance under the ACA. The botched rollout has hurt Democrats' brand as problem-solvers, and has given ammunition to Republican detractors who have long argued that government is incapable of effectively implementing vast social programs. Despite the many challenges faced by the ACA, it is worth remembering that the law has already achieved a great deal since its passage in 2010. Millions of Americans who were previously uninsured now have coverage, and the law has brought down the rate of uninsured Americans significantly. Moreover, the ACA has faced significant political opposition, with Republican lawmakers repeatedly attempting to dismantle the law in Congress and in the courts. This opposition has made it much more difficult for the Obama administration to implement the law effectively, and has certainly contributed to some of the problems seen in the health exchange rollouts. Despite these challenges, it is clear that the ACA is a historic achievement, and an important step toward expanding access to health care for all Americans. As the Obama administration works to address the ongoing issues with the health exchanges, it is important for Americans to remain patient, and to recognize the significant progress that has already been made.