article: Britain's two biggest airports were busier than ever in 2014. Heathrow passenger numbers last year rose 1.4 per cent to a record 73.4 million, while a total of 38.1 million were handled at Gatwick - a 7.6 per cent increase on 2013 and another all-time high. The Heathrow numbers were boosted by a record final month of the year which saw nearly six million passengers pass through the west London airport, which was a rise of 2.4 per cent on the December 2013 figure. Heathrow Airport passenger numbers were up for 2014 - to a whopping 73.4million, an all-time high . Gatwick's December figure of 2.58 million was 8 per cent up on the same month in 2013. And when it comes to most popular destinations, Latin America has seen a spike in interest. Heathrow's full-year total included a 6.3 per cent rise in Latin America traffic, with East Asia up 5.2 per cent and Middle East and Central Asia up 3.5 per cent. In December alone, Heathrow saw over 6 million passengers come through - a 2.4% increase on 2013 . Among the most popular destinations, Latin America saw a 6.3% rise in traffic. Pictured: Rio de Janeiro . At Gatwick, there was a 2.8 per cent growth in North America traffic, while other long-haul destinations grew 12.1 per cent. Bosses of both airports seized on the figures to support their case for being recommended by the Government-appointed Airports Commission this summer to be the site of a new runway. Heathrow chief executive John Holland-Kaye said: 'Only by expanding Heathrow can we add direct flights to the world's growing cities, increase our exports and connect all of the UK to global growth. 'Expanding Heathrow will help Britain win the race for growth.' Not to be outdone, Gatwick also had a record-breaking year, serving 38.1million passengers . Gatwick chief financial officer Nick Dunn said: 'Our record-breaking figures show an airport serving the widest range of travel and airline models - exactly what is needed from the decision about the UK's next runway.' London's third-busiest airport - Stansted in Essex - also had a good 2014, with passenger numbers rising 12 per cent to more than 19.9 million. This was Stansted's best year since 2008 and was rounded off by December 2014 passenger levels of more than 1.5 million, an 18.5 per cent increase on the December 2013 figure.
highlights: Heathrow passenger numbers rose 1.4% in 2014, reaching a record high . Likewise, Gatwick also saw a noticeable spike of 7.6% from 2013 . Both airports have seized data in hopes of receiving a new runway in 2015 .
id: 6812eb92611e9937a7d2480abd96e61d01173517
chatgpt: Heathrow Airport and Gatwick Airport, two of the major airports in the United Kingdom, have reported a significant increase in their passenger numbers in 2014. According to the latest data, Heathrow Airport welcomed 73.4 million passengers last year, an increase of 1.4% from the previous year, reaching a record high. The airport's growth was mainly driven by an increase in international passenger numbers, particularly those traveling to and from North America, the Middle East, and East Asia. Meanwhile, Gatwick Airport also experienced a significant spike in passenger numbers, with a growth rate of 7.6% compared to 2013. The airport served a total of 38 million passengers in 2014, thanks to an increase in the number of low-cost carriers using Gatwick as a base to operate flights to Europe and other destinations. Gatwick Airport also recorded a significant growth in the number of passengers traveling to and from Russia, Turkey, and China. Both Heathrow and Gatwick have seized the opportunity to showcase their passenger numbers, hoping to use the data to persuade policymakers to grant approval for a new runway. Heathrow Airport, in particular, has been campaigning for a third runway for several years, arguing that it needs to expand in order to meet the increasing demands of travelers and businesses. Gatwick, on the other hand, has been pushing for a second runway, with its CEO, Stewart Wingate, stating that this would not only boost the UK's economy but also create thousands of jobs in the region. The issue of airport expansion has been a controversial topic in the UK, with many groups, including environmentalists and local residents, opposing the plans. Both Heathrow and Gatwick have faced significant criticism from these groups. However, supporters of the expansion argue that it is necessary to maintain the UK's position as a global hub for business and trade. The UK government is expected to make a decision on airport expansion later this year, with both Heathrow and Gatwick eagerly waiting for the verdict. If approved, the new runway would not only improve the travel experience for passengers but would also boost the UK's economy and create new job opportunities in the aviation industry. In conclusion, Heathrow Airport and Gatwick Airport have had a successful year, with both airports recording high passenger numbers in 2014. The data will be used by both airports to push their respective cases for a new runway, with the UK government expected to make a decision on the matter soon.