article: By . Julie Anne Barnes . Discovery: Traces of pork gelatine have been found in the nasal spray flu vaccine, due to be rolled-out across Glasgow on Wednesday (library image) Scotland's largest immunisation programme has been delayed after Muslim parents raised concerns that the vaccination contained pork gelatine. The roll-out of the flu vaccine nasal spray pilot programme was due to begin at 54 schools in Glasgow on Wednesday. Around 100,000 children from primary schools across Scotland are being offered the nasal spray Fluenz. But NHS Greater Glasgow and Clyde said the roll-out had been postponed until Monday after parents at Glendale Primary in Pollokshields on the south side of Glasgow became aware of the issue. Now, parents will be able to request that their child receives the vaccination by injection rather than through the nasal spray. A spokesman for the health board said: ‘These concerns relate to the nasal spray vaccine which contains a tiny amount of gelatine of pork origin used during the manufacturing process.’ Dr Syed Ahmed, consultant in public medicine with NHS Greater Glasgow and Clyde, said the health board had written to parents to reassure them. He said: ‘We have highlighted that the World Health Organisation (WHO) offered guidance in 2001 following a meeting of more than 100 Muslim scholars in Kuwait. 'The scholars agreed to issue advice to Muslims that gelatine of pork origin used in vaccines and other medicines is judicially permissible as the gelatine in the final product is a completely changed substance. ‘However we have also confirmed that any parent who remains concerned about the small amount of gelatine in the nasal spray can request that their child can be given an alternative flu vaccination by injection.’ The Scottish Government is gradually expanding the annual flu vaccination programme to include all children aged two to 17 over the next few years. Change: Parents will now be able to request for their child to receive the vaccination by injection rather than through the nasal spray, the Greater Glasgow and Clyde Health Board has said . A Scottish Government spokesman said the Immunisation Scotland website provides more information. She added: ‘Many medicines, including vaccines, used all over the world contain traces of bovine and porcine gelatine. 'Gelatin is an essential ingredient to make the flu nasal spray vaccine effective. 'Many faith groups, including Jewish and Muslim communities, have approved the use of gelatine-containing vaccines.’
highlights: Around 100,000 children in Glasgow due to have nasal spray vaccine . Programme was to start in 54 schools on Wednesday, but postponed after parents at Glendale Primary in Pollokshields, Glasgow, raised concern . A spokesman Greater Glasgow and Clyde health board said spray contains 'a tiny . amount of pork gelatine used during the manufacturing process' Parents will now be able to request for their child to receive vaccination by injection rather than spray .
id: 2651e391a240dc7bec191ad94af648f5fed5ba97
chatgpt: Around 100,000 children in Glasgow were expected to receive a nasal spray vaccine as part of a vaccination campaign in 54 schools, however, the programme was postponed after parents raised concerns over the product. The initiative was aimed at protecting children from flu, but parents at Glendale Primary School in Pollokshields, Glasgow, discovered that the nasal spray vaccine contains "a tiny amount of pork gelatine used during the manufacturing process."  The Greater Glasgow and Clyde health board spokesman acknowledged the presence of this ingredient and assured parents that the amount was negligible and would not cause any allergic reactions. Despite the reassurances, many parents remained hesitant, and the health board has announced that parents can now choose to have their children vaccinated with an injection instead. The nasal spray vaccine is a new and more convenient way to vaccinate children against flu, especially for those who dislike needles. The spray is approved for use in the UK and has been demonstrated to be as effective as the traditional injection method. However, some parents were concerned about the use of the pork gelatine in the vaccine, which is derived from pigs. The health board has responded to the concerns of parents by prioritizing their preferences and enabling them to choose between the spray and injection methods. The statement from the health board reads, "Any parents who have concerns with their child receiving the nasal flu vaccine, containing a very small amount of pork gelatine, can have their child vaccinated by injection instead. We are taking this action to ensure parents have all the information required to make an informed decision." The announcement is expected to give reassurance to parents who have been waiting for this vaccination campaign to begin. It is also anticipated that some parents who were initially hesitant may now choose to have their children vaccinated with the injection instead. The health board has urged parents to make a decision soon as restrictions ease and a return to in-person learning necessitates the need for students to be fully vaccinated. The programme's launch has been postponed to enable time to process the preference forms from parents who wish for their children to receive the injection. The health board has urged parents to fill out the preferences form as soon as possible so that the programme can resume promptly. In conclusion, parents at Glendale Primary School in Pollokshields in Glasgow have raised concerns about the use of pork gelatine in the nasal spray vaccine, and as a result, the programme has been postponed. The Greater Glasgow and Clyde health board has enabled parents to choose between the nasal spray vaccine and the injection method as a result of the worries expressed by some. It is anticipated that the announcement will give reassurance to parents who were initially hesitant about their children receiving the nasal spray vaccine.