article: (CNN) -- Former Colombian President Cesar Gaviria on Tuesday strongly criticized the United States' approach to fighting drugs. Cesar Gaviria highlighted the problems Mexico is facing handling its drug problem. "Just putting all consumers in jail, as the U.S. does, is not a solution," he told CNN's Christiane Amanpour. "You have to reduce consumption." In a wide ranging interview, Gaviria said the United States now has more people in jail for narco-trafficking or related crimes than there are prisoners in the whole of Europe. "What you need to do with addicts and people who consume drugs is deal with them as a health problem, an education problem," he said. Gaviria and two other former Latin American presidents -- Fernando Cardoso of Brazil and Ernesto Zedillo of Mexico -- are all arguing the war on drugs has failed and it is time to replace current policy with what they call a more humane and efficient approach. Colombia remains the principal source of cocaine for the world, despite $6 billion in U.S. aid for anti-drug campaigns over the past decade.  Watch the interview with Gaviria » . Gaviria said it's time the United States changed its approach. "The U.S. has to look at its policy, to start to use more of that $4 billion a year that they use, to use more of the resources in the health system, in treatment and taking some people out of jail." He highlighted the problems Mexico is facing handling its drug problem. Thousands of people have been killed there in drug-related violence in recent years. He said democracy in Mexico is paying a significant price, with major damage to its judicial system, its police, and its army. "The Mexicans probably in a few years will be able to deal a little better with the problems of security," he said. "But the flow of drugs will keep growing." He declared, "We will never be successful unless the U.S. reduces consumption and Europeans do, also."
highlights: Cesar Gavir argues that the war on drugs has failed . Gavir: Time to replace current policy with "more humane, efficient approach" Colombia remains the principal source of cocaine for the world . This is despite $6 billion in anti-drug aid from U.S. in past decade .
id: 05d8d28b392d17ce5947cd16f58a5585c44dbf91
chatgpt: As the war on drugs rages on, one man is calling for a change in policy. Cesar Gavir, an expert in drug policy, argues that the current approach has failed and a more humane, efficient approach must be implemented. Gavir points to Colombia as the prime example of the war on drugs' failure. Despite receiving $6 billion in anti-drug aid from the U.S. over the past decade, Colombia remains the principal source of cocaine for the world. The war on drugs, as it is currently being fought, is a war on people, argues Gavir. Instead of treating drug addiction as a public health issue, the focus is on punishment and incarceration. This approach not only fails addicts but also fuels the illegal drug trade. Gavir is calling for a more comprehensive approach that takes into account the root causes of addiction, such as poverty, lack of education, and trauma. He believes that by addressing these underlying issues and providing addiction treatment, society will be better equipped to tackle the drug problem. The current policy has also had devastating consequences for the communities most affected by the drug trade. In countries like Colombia, the war on drugs has led to human rights abuses, displacement, and violence. Gavir believes that a more humane approach would not only help addicts but also benefit communities. By investing in education, healthcare, and economic development in regions affected by the drug trade, a more sustainable solution can be found. Critics of Gavir's approach argue that it would be too lenient on drug dealers and that harsh punishment is necessary to deter others from entering the trade. However, as Gavir points out, the current approach has not deterred anyone. It remains to be seen whether policymakers will heed Gavir's call for a more humane, efficient approach to the war on drugs. However, it is clear that the status quo is not working, and a new approach is needed to tackle the drug problem from all angles.