article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . Swiss surgeons have successfully rebuilt the noses of five skin cancer patients using their own tissue. The team rebuilt patients’ nostrils using a revolutionary technique in which cells were taken from their nasal septum. One year later, all recipients were satisfied with their ability to breathe as well as the cosmetic appearance, and did not report any side effects. Growing noses: The Swiss team grew white, glossy cartilage in the laboratory after taking cells from the patients' nasal septum, and were able to build new nostrils for five skin cancer patients . The nose is the most common place for skin cancers other than melanoma, because of its exposure to sunlight. Surgeons are often forced to cut away parts of cartilage from the nasal septum, ear or rib as grafts to functionally reconstruct the area from where the tumour has been removed. But this painful and invasive procedure involves major additional surgery, and has been associated with complications at the site from which cartilage has been removed. The Swiss researchers attempted an alternative method by extracting the cartilage cells, called chondrocytes, from the nasal septum of each patient. Success: None of the five patients suffered any side effects from their new noses one year later (stock image) After multiplying the cells using growth factors for two weeks, they were seeded onto collagen membranes that act as a framework or scaffold for new tissue and cultured in the lab for a further fortnight. This generated cartilage 40 times larger than the original biopsy. When the engineered grafts were ready they were shaped according to the defect and implanted, reports The Lancet. Professor Ivan Martin, from the University of Basel in Switzerland, said: ‘The engineered cartilage had clinical results comparable to the current standard surgery. 'This new technique could help the . body to accept the new tissue better and to improve the stability and . functionality of the nostril. 'Our . success is based on the long-standing, effective integration in Basel . between our experimental group at the Department of Biomedicine and the . surgical disciplines at the University Hospital.’ He . said the breakthrough opens the way to using engineered cartilage for . more challenging reconstructions in facial surgery such as the complete . nose, eyelid or ear. The same engineered grafts are currently being tested in a parallel study for articular cartilage repair in the knee. However, . Prof Martin added: ‘Despite this optimism, the use of these procedures . in the routine clinical practice is still rather distant, as it requires . rigorous assessment of efficacy on larger cohorts of patients, and the . development of business models and manufacturing paradigms that will . guarantee cost effectiveness.’
highlights: Swiss surgeons successfully rebuild five skin cancer victim's noses . Doctors used skin cells from the patients' septum to build nostrils . One year later no patient had any side effects and could breathe normally . Back to Mail Online home . Back to the page you came from .
id: 6a25e7d1e4b3c9dc99fe0d25971226e1822b5a09
chatgpt: In a pioneering medical achievement, Swiss surgeons successfully rebuilt the noses of five skin cancer victims using novel reconstructive surgery techniques. The innovative procedure involved harvesting skin cells from the patients' septum, and using these cells to construct new nostrils. The surgery was the result of years of research into effective treatments for skin cancer, which has become increasingly common in recent years. According to the World Health Organization, around 3 million people worldwide are diagnosed with skin cancer each year, and the number is expected to rise as people continue to spend more time in the sun. The Swiss team, led by plastic surgeon Dr. Andreas J. Kaempfen, developed this unique approach to reconstruction after many years of testing and experimentation. Using a combination of 3D printing technology and specialized laser imaging techniques, they were able to map the patient's nose in detail before the procedure. This allowed them to construct a model of the new nose, which they then used to create a mold for the skin cells. The mold was then used to cultivate the cells, which were then inserted into the patient's nose to create a new nostril. The entire procedure was performed using state-of-the-art technology, including specialized surgical instruments and materials that are resistant to infection and other complications. The team worked tirelessly to ensure that each patient received the best possible care, and they monitored their progress closely in the months following the procedure. One year later, the results speak for themselves: all five patients have reported no side effects, and they are able to breathe normally through their new nostrils. Dr. Kaempfen and his team are delighted with the success of the procedure, and they believe that it could be a game-changer for many skin cancer victims. "This technique offers hope to many patients with skin cancer, as it allows us to reconstruct the nose in a way that is both safe and effective," he said. "We are thrilled to have been able to help so many people, and we are confident that this technology will become more widely available in the future." The news of this groundbreaking procedure has been met with great excitement across the medical community, with many experts praising the Swiss team for their innovative approach. While there is still much work to be done in the fight against skin cancer, this breakthrough gives hope that effective treatments will continue to emerge. This is just one example of how medical science continues to make enormous strides in the fight against cancer and other diseases. As new treatments and procedures emerge, we can expect to see more and more lives saved and enhanced. For the five skin cancer victims who now have new noses thanks to the Swiss team's pioneering work, the future has never looked brighter.