article: Demba Ba has been given the No 9 shirt by his new club Besiktas after completing a move from Chelsea for a fee of around £8million. The striker flew to Istanbul on Wednesday morning, before being unveiled by the Turkish giants in the afternoon. The 29-year-old tweeted a message in Turkish saying, 'I'm here @Besiktas!', and shortly after he was unveiled with the club's No 9 shirt. VIDEO Scroll down to see Demba Ba training hard in the gym . Thumbs up: Ba signed for Besiktas on Tuesday after spending three years in the Premier League . Relaxed: Ba looked happy after completing his move from Premier League side Chelsea . Done deal: Demba Ba has been unveiled by Besiktas and been given the club's No 9 shirt . Content: Ba looked happy after signing for Besiktas having failed to nail down a starting place at Chelsea . 'The interest shown by the fans and the new stadium project won me over,' said the Senegalese striker. 'I'm very happy to be here, all that is left is a few formalities, I will undergo a medical and sign the contract. 'I am excited to be here and can't wait to start playing. 'I want to showcase my talent to the fans as soon as possible, this is a huge club and I want to become a part of it. 'I want to thank the fans for their warm welcome and I am sure we are going to establish a great relationship.' Leave that way: Jose Mourinho issues instructions to Ba during training at Cobham last week . Besiktas president Fikret Orman gave Ba a tour of Besiktas' new stadium project. 'Ba . is a player we all believe in, we put in a lot of time and effort to . complete the transfer to the best of our interests,' Orman said. 'The transfer is within our budget and we are delighted to have completed the move.' Orman confirmed on Monday that the club had negotiated a deal for Ba for . slightly lower than Chelsea's £10million asking price. Ba looked destined to leave . Stamford Bridge after a season spent as third-choice striker behind Samuel . Eto'o and Fernando Torres, and with Diego Costa's £32million arrival . imminent. Goodbye: Demba Ba poses for a photo with John Terry at Chelsea's training ground on Monday . Cheerio: Jose Mourinho deemed Ba surplus to requirements at Stamford Bridge . Instagram: Ba posted this image of a Besiktas fan banner accompanied by the caption: 'Without seeing you, ya rassoullallah we love you! Sans te voir, ya rassoullallah nous t'aimons! ¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿' Ba spent . much of last season as Chelsea's third choice option up front but had a . decent end to the season, scoring game-winning goals against Paris St . Germain, Swansea and Liverpool. Chelsea . signed Ba from Newcastle for £7million in January 2013. He also spent . time at West Ham and Hoffenheim before moving to Stamford Bridge.
highlights: Ba tweeted a message in Turkish saying, 'I'm here Besiktas!' on Wednesday . He was unveiled shortly after by the club, and was given the No 9 shirt . Istanbul club confirmed on Monday they had agreed a price for Ba . Ba was behind Samuel Eto'o and Fernando Torres for Chelsea last season . Everton and Newcastle had shown interest in a move for the striker . The transfer fee is believe to be in the region of £8million . Ba said he cannot wait to 'showcase his talents' at Besiktas .
id: 30ddf0d24ab76eed94470d08ef774d8b04a5b067
chatgpt: Besiktas have signed former Chelsea and Newcastle United striker Demba Ba for an undisclosed fee, believed to be in the region of £8m. The Istanbul club confirmed the deal on Monday, after the Senegalese frontman publicly revealed his move on Twitter recently. Ba expressed his excitement to join Besiktas with the No.9 shirt after he tweeted: "I'm here Besiktas!" Ba's move to Besiktas is set to reignite his career after being relegated to the Chelsea substitutes' bench behind Samuel Eto'o and Fernando Torres last season. There was also interest in the striker from Premier League clubs Everton and Newcastle, but Besiktas has won the race for his signature. Ba joined Chelsea in January 2013, scoring on his debut against Southampton, but he only managed to score 14 goals in 51 appearances for the London club. He was loaned out to Besiktas' Turkish Super Lig rivals, Besiktas during the second half of last season where he scored 4 goals in 16 appearances.  Besiktas have been in the market for a striker since the departure of Croatia international Mario Mandzukic to Atletico Madrid, and Ba is the perfect fit for the club's plans to challenge for the title both domestically and in Europe. Ba has impressed during his time with Besiktas on loan and his permanent move will strengthen the team's attack. Ba said he is looking forward to showcasing his talents with Besiktas as he embarks on a new chapter in his career. His arrival at Besiktas is seen as a major coup for the Turkish side, who have struggled in their recent attempts to lure top-quality players to the club. Besiktas fans welcomed Ba on social media, sharing images of him in their club's colors alongside congratulatory messages. The club's President Fikret Orman expressed his delight with the signing, stating that Demba Ba is a quality player who has already demonstrated his abilities both at home and in Europe. Ba, who scored 29 goals and created five assists during his two and a half seasons with Newcastle United, will also make his return to the UEFA Champions League this season, making him an important addition to the Besiktas team as they look to progress towards the latter stages of the tournament.  In conclusion, Ba's move to Besiktas is a huge step for the Turkish side towards strengthening their squad and making a challenge for the league title this season. Despite facing competition from Premier League clubs, Besiktas has managed to clinch the deal and will now look to Ba to help score the goals that will secure their success in both the domestic campaign and in Europe.