article: Bookmakers believe a low draw will not be a disadvantage to favourite Watchable in the Ayr Gold Cup as trainer David O'Meara runs the gelding six days after he landed a valuable sprint at the Curragh. High stands' side stalls were most popular at the draw but Watchable, brother to John Gosden's 2008 1,000 Guineas fourth Infallible, landed stall five. Orient class, winner of the only sprint handicap on yesterday's card, was drawn in 18 but but statistics for the last 20 years of the Ayr Gold Cup show a near even distribution of winners. Watchable (right) is the favourite in the Ayr Gold Cup . Jon Ivan-Duke of sponsors William Hill, who make Watchable 8-1 favourite, said: ‘Usually what matters is where the pace is and Watchable is drawn next to (speedy) Hamza (stall six).’ O’Meara, whose stable jockey Danny Tudhope rides Watchable, also runs Royal Ascot winner and last year’s runner-up Louis The Pious (James Doyle) and Highland Acclaim (Sam James) in an attempt to win Scotland’s biggest Flat race for the first time. Jump jockey Jason Maguire returns from six months on the sidelines with rides at Newton Abbot and Worcester. Donald McCain’s stable jockey has not ridden since being kicked in the stomach in a fall at Stratford on March 10, the day before the Cheltenham Festival. Trainer David O'Meara will be hoping for another winner . Fire Fighting wins the William Hill Handicap Stakes during day one of the Ayr Gold Cup . Maguire required emergency surgery to stem bleeding to his liver as well as fracturing his sternum. The jockey said: ‘It's been a long time watching on the sidelines and I'm really looking forward to it. When you are out that length of time it makes you appreciate what you have, riding for a powerful stable. ‘I was aiming to be back at the end of the month, but I got passed (by the doctor) earlier this week, so that was grand. I can't wait.’ Trainer Colin Tizzard has revealed that last season’s King George VI Chase winner Cue Card has had an operation to aid his breathing. The gelding, to be ridden by Daryl Jacob this season after the retirement of Tizzard’s jockey son Joe, missed the Cheltenham Gold Cup because of a stress fracture of his pelvis. The gelding’s early season target will be the Betfair Chase at Haydock in November, a race he won last year.
highlights: Low draw will not be a disadvantage for favourite Watchable . Trainer David O'Meara aiming to win Scotland's big flat race for the first time . Also has Louis The Pious and Highland Acclaim in the field . Jump jockey Jason Maguire returns from six months on the sidelines with rides at Newton Abbot and Worcester . Trainer Colin Tizzard revealed last season’s King George VI Chase winner Cue Card has had an operation to aid breathing .
id: 8d07229aefca4cfda7a8d5491a233fec0932d696
chatgpt: In Scotland's biggest flat race, all eyes are on the favourite, Watchable. Despite having a low draw, trainer David O'Meara remains optimistic about his chances, stating that it will not be a disadvantage. O'Meara is aiming to secure his first-ever win in the prestigious race and has even more firepower in his arsenal with horses Louis The Pious and Highland Acclaim also set to compete. Meanwhile, in other racing news, jump jockey Jason Maguire is set to return to action after a six-month absence due to injury. Maguire will ride at both Newton Abbot and Worcester, hoping to make a big impact in his first races back. Trainer Colin Tizzard has also made headlines, announcing that last season's King George VI Chase winner, Cue Card, has undergone a breathing operation. Tizzard remains optimistic about the horse's future and expects him to recover fully before embarking on his next racing campaign. As for Watchable, he is considered a top pick for the big race due to his impressive performances in previous events. His speed and agility have impressed many, and many are predicting that he'll bring home the win for O'Meara. Despite the challenges that come with competing in a top-tier flat race, O'Meara is confident that his horses will perform to the best of their ability. He has trained them hard and is excited to see what they can achieve. The competition at the event is expected to be fierce, with many other notable horses and trainers vying for the top spot. However, with Watchable in top form and O'Meara's other horses also in the field, many are expecting a show-stopping performance from the team. Overall, it's shaping up to be a thrilling race with plenty of surprises in store. Fans of the sport are eagerly awaiting the event, eager to see who will take home the glory and the top prize.