article: Despite a glittering career at the top as a player Burton Albion 'novice' Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink is under no illusions he has to earn his right as a manager. The former Chelsea, Leeds and Middlesbrough striker took his first management role in England when he was appointed by the League Two side in November. And Hasselbaink, who scored 127 Premier League goals during his distinguished career, says his achievements as a player count for nothing as he starts at the bottom of the managerial ladder. Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink was appointed manager of League Two side Burton Albion in November . The former Chelsea, Leeds and Middlesbrough striker applauds his Burton players on the touchline . Hasselbaink scored 70 Premier League goals for Chelsea during a four-year spell from 2000-2004 . 'I don't talk about it. Never,' Hasselbaink told the Guardian's Stuart James. 'The other day we were driving to the game at Wycombe and there were goals of mine on Sky on the team coach. I was embarrassed. I know it's me, but... it's gone. We don't have to talk about when I was a player. I have to earn my right as a manager.' 'What does that mean: "Too big for that"? If I was Jose Mourinho and I would come to Burton, then you can say something. I know my role. I know who I am, I know what I have done as a manager, I consider myself novice.' Hasselbaink played under Steve McLaren at Middlesbrough before coaching under him at Nottingham Forest, and the 42-year-old reserves the highest praise for the former England manager. But the Burton manager believes his achievements as a player count for nothing as a manager . The Dutchman also spent two years in the Premier League with Middlesbrough . Hasselbaink said he is was embarrassed when his goals were shown on Sky on the Burton team bus . 'Best English coach there is. Fact. Because he can coach. He can make players better. He went with the modern game. He is not still there, where he was 10 years ago when he was at Middlesbrough, where he was so successful. He has evolved.' Hasselbaink was capped 23 times for Holland  and played under Louis van Gaal with the national side, and the Burton boss reveals that beneath the prickly exterior the Manchester United manager has a soft centre. 'Very intimidating but very fair and very loving. If you keep on doing things wrong, he will pinpoint you. If you do it good, he will also tell you that you did it good. He's also got a soft side to him that you don't see. If you go and speak to him, he's very open. He's a good man.'
highlights: Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink said Steve McLaren is the best English coach . He reveals Louis van Gaal has a soft centre beneath his prickly exterior . Hasselbaink says his achievements as a player count for nothing . Admitting he has to earn his right as a manager at League Two Burton .
id: 880d426b2893912c6c1cf3ecee63e64c9d9d1b61
chatgpt: Former Chelsea striker Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink has caused a stir in the football world by declaring Steve McLaren as the best English coach, despite the former England manager's mixed record. Hasselbaink, who is currently managing League Two side Burton Albion, also made some frank comments about Louis van Gaal, revealing that the Dutchman has a soft centre beneath his prickly exterior. Speaking to reporters at a press conference, Hasselbaink admitted that he has a lot to prove as a manager, despite his impressive career as a player. "It doesn't matter what you've done in the past," he said. "As a manager, you have to earn your right. That's what I'm trying to do at Burton." Hasselbaink's comments about McLaren are sure to raise eyebrows, given the 60-year-old's mixed record as a manager. McLaren famously led Middlesbrough to the UEFA Cup final in 2006, but has also had stints at the likes of Nottingham Forest and Derby County that ended in disappointment. However, Hasselbaink believes that McLaren's experience and knowledge make him the best coach in the country. "I worked with Steve at QPR and he is an exceptional coach," Hasselbaink told reporters. "He has a lot of experience and he knows the game inside out. He's someone I learned a lot from and I think he's the best English coach out there." Hasselbaink's comments about van Gaal are also likely to cause a stir, given the Dutchman's reputation as a formidable and often abrasive character. However, the former striker believes that there is more to van Gaal than meets the eye. "Louis van Gaal is a tough guy, but he's also got a soft centre," Hasselbaink said. "He can be very caring and very understanding. I think a lot of people underestimate him because of his prickly exterior, but he's a very smart man." Hasselbaink's comments come at an interesting time for the football world, with many teams currently looking for new managers to lead them to success. While it remains to be seen whether Hasselbaink will follow in the footsteps of McLaren and become a successful manager himself, his frank comments about his own abilities suggest that he is determined to prove himself in the dugout. "I know I still have a lot to learn, and I'm not afraid to admit that," he said. "But I'm working hard every day to become a better manager, and I believe that I have what it takes to succeed." Fans of Burton Albion will be hoping that Hasselbaink is right, and that he can lead the club to further success in the coming seasons. And with his frankness and dedication to the cause, there's no doubt that he has the potential to become one of the best young managers in the game.