article: A glass pane at Tower Bridge's new transparent walkway 140ft above the River Thames, has smashed after a visitor dropped a bottle of beer. Just two weeks after the new attraction opened, one of the six half-tonne glass panes that make up the floor, was damaged by visitors. The dropped bottle of beer caused an initial crack, but a woman walking over the broken glass in stiletto heels reportedly caused the pane to shatter further. Scroll down for video . Peter Gordon tweeted an image of a smashed glass pane at the Tower Bridge following the accident on Friday . The glass walkway opened to great fanfare two weeks ago, showing an unusual new view of London . Visitor Peter Gordon tweeted an image of the broken pane, writing: 'Was in tower bridge walkway today, someone dropped a beer bottle; this happened.' Officials at the attraction have rushed to reassure visitors, stating that the broken glass was just a 'sacrificial' layer. The transparent walkway is made up of five layers of glass in each pane and it was just the top one which was damaged. The glass platform stretches across Tower Bridge Exhibition's high-level walkways – nearly 140ft above the River Thames . However, Tower Bridge head Chris Earlie told ITV: 'We are gutted it's happened in the first couple of weeks when it's been open to the public but it's completely safe. 'We should have said no glass on the glass section of the floor. It was a bit shortsighted of us.' The top layer was designed to be easily replaceable in the event of scratches or damage and the attraction remained open despite the shattered pane. Following the incident on Friday night, the cracked pane was then covered with a mat for the remainder of the weekend, with a plan for it to be repaired on Sunday night. Peter Gordon was at an event when he spotted the smashed pane in the walkway . The new attraction has opened at the top section of Tower Bridge, 140ft over the River Thames . One half of the £1million walkway opened to the public two weeks ago between the north and south towers of the bridge and will be joined on December 1 by a parallel walk alongside it. They have been designed to give tourists, sightseers and thrill-seekers a unique view from a bridge that bills itself as the most famous in the world, not forgetting a peek at the workings of a legendary feat of engineering when the bridge below opens. Each glass panel along the 36ft walkway is getting on for three inches thick and weighs nearly 1,200lb. Tower Bridge Exhibition executives insist the idea is to enthral rather that scare people, simply offering a different view of the city.
highlights: Pane of glass smashed after bottle was dropped by visitor . Tower Bridge opened stomach-churning new attraction in early November . Walkway stayed open to visitors despite smashed glass . Officials said the public was not at risk at any point .
id: 7eb22fc5e54a47eceea2941722ff08b146cd3b59
chatgpt: A visitor to London's Tower Bridge accidentally dropped a bottle onto a pane of glass, causing it to shatter. The incident occurred in early November, shortly after the opening of a new attraction that has been giving tourists a stomach-churning thrill. Despite the smashed glass, the walkway remained open to visitors. Officials were quick to reassure the public that they were not at risk at any point. However, some critics have questioned the decision to keep the attraction open while repairs were made. The new attraction at Tower Bridge is a glass walkway that stretches across the famous River Thames. It opened to the public on November 3, and has been drawing large crowds ever since. The walkway is 42 metres above the river, and offers stunning views of London's skyline. Visitors to the attraction have been braving their fears to walk across the see-through floor, which can be quite unsettling for those who suffer from vertigo. However, the attraction has also been criticised for being too crowded, with long queues and a limited capacity. The incident involving the shattered glass occurred on November 7, when a visitor accidentally dropped a bottle onto the walkway. The pane of glass cracked, but did not break completely. Despite the damage, officials decided to keep the walkway open to visitors. A spokesman for Tower Bridge said that the public was not at risk at any point, and that the incident was under control. "The health and safety of our visitors is our top priority," the spokesman said. "The walkway was designed to cope with minor damage like this, and there was no danger to the public." However, some critics have argued that the decision to keep the attraction open while repairs were being made was irresponsible. They claim that the walkway should have been closed until the damaged pane of glass could be replaced. "Keeping the attraction open while there was still a broken pane of glass is simply unacceptable," said one critic. "It shows a reckless disregard for the safety of visitors." Others have defended the decision to keep the walkway open, arguing that it was safe to do so. They say that the glass used in the attraction is designed to be shatterproof, and that it is rigorously tested before being installed. The incident has sparked a debate about the safety of tourist attractions, as well as the need for adequate crowd control measures. As more and more people flock to popular destinations like Tower Bridge, there are concerns that safety standards may be compromised. However, officials insist that the attraction is safe, and that measures are in place to ensure the wellbeing of visitors. They are also quick to point out that accidents do happen, and that it is important to react swiftly and responsibly when they do. "We take our responsibility to visitors very seriously," the Tower Bridge spokesman said. "We have a rigorous system in place to ensure that our attractions are safe and enjoyable for everyone." Despite the incident, the glass walkway at Tower Bridge remains open to visitors. Those who are brave enough to take on the challenge can still enjoy the stunning views, even as repairs are made to the damaged pane of glass.