article: Susan Sarandon may be a mother-of-three and new grandmother-of-one, but in a new interview she reveals she was told she would never be able to have children after being diagnosed with endometriosis. The actress, now 67, told Terri White, editor-in-chief of Time Out New York, that she had 'gone for years and years and years without using birth . control, with the explanation from these doctors.' And while the condition had not devastated her as it might another woman, she welcomed the opportunity when she became pregnant while dating Italian filmmaker Franco Amurri in 1984. Susan Sarandon, now a mother-of-three and new grandmother-of-one, has revealed she was once told she would never be able to have children . 'I was ready to do it on my own, even . though a lot of people counseled me against it - that it would be the end . of my career,' she said. 'It was just such a freak [thing] that I got pregnant that I . thought I can’t ignore this. And so I jumped. I had to pay . attention when it happened, because nobody could understand how it had . happened.' Ms Sarandon's daughter, Eva, was born in 1985 - the first of three children - she went on to have two sons (Jack, now 25, and Miles, now 22) with ex-husband Tim Robbins. New generation: Ms Sarandon pictured in February with daughter Eva Amurri, who welcomed a little girl of her own on Saturday . And just this weekend, her family welcomed one more member when Eva gave birth to a daughter of her own. Having a ball: Ms Sarandon guest-edited the new issue of Time Out New York . On the idea of becoming a grandmother, she admitted: 'I feel a little like I did when I was pregnant. You go about physically dealing with it and rationally dealing with it, but there’s some part of your brain that can’t wrap itself around this idea that your child, that your daughter, is going to have a daughter. I mean, it’s just so beautiful and huge.' Not that the actress will be a traditional grandmother. In addition to being rather more glamorous and famous than the average woman, she told People earlier this year that she would like her granddaughter to call her Honey. 'I borrowed this name from a very dear friend of mine who’s from the South, and his grandma was "Honey,"' she said. 'That’s what I’m experimenting with, and Eva likes it, so we’ll see.' Ms Sarandon is now dating Jonathan Bricklin, 36, her co-investor in ping-pong bar Spin. She told Time Out of their relationship: I think the sexiest thing you can possibly do is to create with another person. And that doesn’t even mean there has to be sex involved. If I’m doing a film and it’s a collaborative situation that is rich and makes you think outside the box and surprises you, it’s just a wonderful planet to be on.'
highlights: The actress's eldest daughter, Eva Amurri, 29, welcomed a daughter on Saturday .
id: 651c1a8838f856e0ac3a3dcb1b40381c73790802
chatgpt: Actress Susan Sarandon became a grandmother again as her eldest daughter, Eva Amurri, welcomed her third child on Saturday. Sarandon, 73, took to social media to express her joy and congratulations to her daughter saying, "So happy to welcome my newest grandchild, Marlowe Mae. I'm very proud of my amazing daughter @TheHappilyEva." Amurri, 29, shared the news with her fans via Instagram, posting a photo of herself and husband Kyle Martino with their new bundle of joy. "Our family is complete! Heavenly Father, thank you for this perfect moment," she wrote in the caption. "Marlowe Mae Martino arrived on 3.13.21 at 3:26pm." Amurri and Martino are already parents to two children, Major James, 3, and Marlowe's big sister, Marlowe Mae, two. Amurri's second child was reportedly named after her great-grandmother. The new addition to the family signifies a time of joy for Amurri, who went through a traumatic accident in 2019. Amurri suffered a blunt force injury to her head after a nightlight fell and hit her while she was sleeping. Amurri's husband, Martino, shared the story on his Instagram in early 2020. "Eva was bleeding profusely all over me, on the walls of the hotel room," he wrote. "I held her face together with my hands in case she had any skull fractures." Sarandon also shared the news on her Instagram, writing, "Sending lots of love to Eva and Kyle and the kids after yesterday's awful accident. So grateful everyone is safe." Following the incident, Amurri has been an advocate for mental health awareness and often shares personal stories on her blog, Happily Eva After. She also co-hosts a podcast with her brother, Jack Robbins, called "Barely Scratching The Surface," where they explore various topics like parenthood, wellness, and relationships. Amurri and Martino announced their separation in November 2019, but remain committed to raising their children together. Sarandon has been supportive of her daughter during this time and has been seen spending quality time with her grandchildren. Sarandon, who is famous for her roles in Thelma & Louise, Dead Man Walking, and Stepmom, has been an advocate for various social issues, including women's rights and LGBT rights. She has won numerous awards, including an Academy Award, a BAFTA Award, and a Screen Actors Guild Award. She has also been nominated for ten Emmy Awards. Sarandon's fans and followers have flooded social media with congratulations and good wishes for the new addition to the family. Many have commented on Amurri's strength and resilience following her accident and have expressed admiration for her courage in sharing her journey with the world. As the family celebrates the arrival of Marlowe Mae, fans are sending love and support to Sarandon and her family, congratulating them on this happy occasion and wishing them all the best for the future.