article: France's former first lady Carla Bruni was secretly recorded complaining about losing 'fabulous contracts' when she was France's first lady. The multi-millionaire heiress, who is notorious for her high living, is also heard complaining about having to 'keep' her much poorer husband who was ousted as president in May 2012 by Socialist candidate François Hollande. In the recording, made in 2011 by a senior aide to Mr Sarkozy, Ms Bruni-Sarkozy said she looked forward to making money out of selling 'wrinkle cream' like US stars Julia Roberts and Sharon Stone, it emerged today. Nicolas Sarkozy (left) was 'kept' by his far wealthier wife Carla Bruni-Sarkozy (right) during his time as French President . In the recording Ms Bruni-Sarkozy (pictured left with The Queen during a state visit in 2008) was recorded complaining about losing 'fabulous contracts' Ms Bruni-Sarkozy, who gave up most of her commercial activities when she became Mr Sarkozy's third wife, said: 'I had fabulous contracts, and then nothing at all. 'Afterwards, I’m going to sign new contracts. I am not going to wait terribly long. If I can manage a cool little contract.' Ms Bruni-Sarkozy, whose heyday was as a . model in the 1990s, adds: 'You agree, they’re not going to sell . anti-wrinkle cream to a girl of 22, right? Julia Roberts, 44, Sharon . Stone, 52, Julianne Moore 53. 'All those are fabulous contracts, no? I . can’t do it for the moment, because it’s not done.' Mr Sarkozy then interrupts the jovial conversation, saying:  'I tell you, my future is to run the cash register.' The embarrassing secret recordings highlight . the greed of a couple who were notorious for their 'bling bling' lifestyle at the Elysee Palace. Since leaving office in 2012 Mr Sarkozy has faced a range of corruption inquiries, all related to racking in millions of euros in cash illegally . The former First Lady said she looked forward to making money out of selling 'wrinkle cream' like US stars Julia Roberts (left) and Sharon Stone (right) Since leaving office Mr Sarkozy has . faced a range of corruption enquiries, all related to racking in . millions of euros in cash illegally. The recordings were made by Patrick Buisson, a journalist friend of Mr Sarkozy's, who is now accused of betraying his trust. Mr Buisson can be heard in the tapes, . leaked by the Canard Enchaine investigative magazine, referring to Mr . Sarkozy as 'the dwarf”. There are now calls for a parliamentary inquiry into the secret recordings.
highlights: The secret recordings were made in 2011 while Mr Sarkozy was President . Ms Bruni-Sarkozy discusses plan to sell wrinkle cream like Julia Roberts . The recordings were made by journalist Patrick Buisson and leaked by the Canard Enchaine investigative magazine .
id: 4784614b1c6289efae126271ff80c1e55d5e6d05
chatgpt: Secret recordings made in 2011 of former French President Nicolas Sarkozy and his wife, Carla Bruni-Sarkozy, discussing a plan to sell wrinkle cream similar to actress Julia Roberts have been leaked by the investigative magazine Canard Enchaine. The recordings were made by journalist Patrick Buisson, who worked as an advisor to Sarkozy during his presidency. They reveal Bruni-Sarkozy talking about a marketing campaign for a beauty product that could make them millions, saying "We'll sell it like the actress who is 45 years old and looks 25. We'll say she uses this cream". The leaked recordings have sparked controversy in France, with opposition politicians accusing Sarkozy of being distracted from his duties as President by commercial interests. Sarkozy himself has not commented on the recordings, but his lawyer has stated that they were made without Sarkozy's knowledge or consent and that legal action will be taken against those responsible for their release. Bruni-Sarkozy, who herself has a successful career as a model and singer, has not commented on the recordings either. However, she has previously been involved in commercial ventures, including a line of perfume and a jewelry collection. The leaked recordings could also have wider implications for the media in France. Buisson, the journalist responsible for making the recordings, has been described as a controversial figure who is known for his ties to the far-right National Front party. The fact that he was able to make secret recordings of the President and his wife raises concerns about privacy and journalistic ethics in France. The Canard Enchaine magazine, which published the recordings, has defended its actions, stating that they were in the public interest and that they shed light on the extent to which commercial interests were influencing the President's decisions. The leaked recordings have been the subject of much debate in French media and political circles. While some have criticized Sarkozy and his wife for discussing commercial ventures while he was President, others have defended their right to privacy and the need for the media to respect the boundaries of public officials. Regardless of the outcome, the leaks have once again brought the issue of privacy and media ethics to the forefront of public debate in France, and could have far-reaching implications for the media and the political elite in the country.