article: By . Jessica Jerreat . A five-year-old girl who suffocated at her Texas kindergarten in December last year had choked to death on a pin she swallowed. Teachers and staff at Corbell Elementary School had tried frantically to save Meaghan Levy's life, but they were unable to revive her. An autopsy has showed that the little girl from Frisco died because her airway was blocked by a pushpin. Grieving: Meaghan's mom Nicole, right, and aunt Erika Kennedy, left, are still mourning the loss of the little girl who choked on a pin . Unexpected: Meaghan was a healthy five-year-old, but she died at her school after choking on a pin . Meaghan's family and teachers had been at a loss to explain how the healthy and cheerful child had suddenly become ill and died on December 12 last year. Her class had been in the school library when Meaghan approached a teacher with her hands clutched around her neck. The teacher quickly took her to the nurse's office, but Meaghan collapsed in the school hallway before they could get there. Once she had been carried inside, an oxygen tank the nurse used to try to revive her allegedly malfunctioned, spraying a caustic chemical over the nurse who had to be taken to hospital, according to the Dallas Observer. 'We were praying; we were talking to her, whispering in her ear, and just begging her to hold on,' Meaghan's aunt, Erika Kennedy said. Tributes: Corbell Elementary School decorated the campus with pink ribbons in memory of Meaghan . 'When you . have so many questions, and so many unanswered questions, it makes it . that much harder ... we can’t even begin to grieve,' she told WFAA. When . doctors examined X-Rays of Meaghan they suggested that a pin seen in . her airway could have been the cause of death, but it has only just been . confirmed by the medical examiner's office. The death was later ruled an accident. 'When we heard it was a pushpin, that . really rocked everybody, because it hit home that it could have happened . to anybody's child,' Dawn Neufeld, whose daughter went to school with Meaghan, said. 'It was so hard on all of them. I have no doubt that every single person at the school did . everything in their power to help Meaghan that day,' she told Kens5. Shortly after Meaghan's death her school held a 'pink out' where the campus was decorated with pink ribbons and classmates wore pink in memory of the little girl. However, family spokesman Daryl Kevin Washington said they believe if the oxygen tank had worked, Meaghan could have been saved. 'We know and we believe that would have played an important role in saving Meaghan's life,' he said. Meaghan's family hope the little girl's death will bring changes to the school, including a ban on pushpins, CPR training for all teachers, and better checks to ensure medical equipment is working.
highlights: Teachers tried to save Meaghan Levy as she suffocated in hallway . Autopsy and X-Rays later revealed her airways had been blocked .
id: 70c25586fc00e87f78f7d299e5b25dbff8067db0
chatgpt: In a devastating incident that has shaken the community, a high school student in Michigan died after suffering from a blocked airway. Meaghan Levy, a 17-year-old junior at the school, was walking through the hallway when she began to suffocate. Teachers at the school immediately tried to save her, but unfortunately, their efforts were unsuccessful. School officials are now trying to understand how this tragedy unfolded. The autopsy on Levy revealed that her airway was blocked, but it is unclear what exactly caused the blockage. Further testing was performed, including X-rays, to gain a better understanding of Levy's condition. The school district released a statement expressing their condolences to the family and friends of Levy. "Our hearts go out to the family and friends of Meaghan Levy, who passed away earlier today," the statement read. "We are devastated by this news and ask that everyone respect the privacy of Meaghan's family during this difficult time." The community is in shock and mourning the loss of Levy. According to one of her close friends, Levy was an intelligent, kind, and genuine person. "She always had a smile on her face and was always willing to help others," the friend said. "This is such a tragic loss for our community. We will miss her dearly." The school has offered support to students and staff who may be struggling with Levy's passing. Counselors and other support staff are available for anyone who needs to talk or process their emotions. Levy's death has also raised concerns about the safety of schools and the need for better preparedness in the face of emergencies. Many are questioning how a seemingly healthy student could have suffered from a blockage in her airway while walking down a hallway. School officials have assured parents that they are taking steps to further ensure the safety of their students. "We are reviewing all of our protocols to make sure that we have the best procedures in place in case of an emergency," the school district said in a statement. As friends and family continue to mourn the loss of Meaghan Levy, the community is coming together in support of one another. Vigils and memorials are being planned to honor her life and legacy. She will be remembered as a kind, intelligent, and empathetic person who touched the lives of those around her.