article: NEW YORK (CNN)  -- Nearly 27 years ago, amid a crowd of people in Central Park, Ruth Bendik's wallet was stolen. The culprit is still at large, but the wallet has been found -- in the hollow trunk of a cherry tree. Nearly 27 years ago, amid a crowd of people in Central Park, Ruth Bendik's wallet was stolen. The wallet was snatched on October 24, 1982, while Bendik, now 69, was in Central Park watching the New York marathon. She went to greet runners at the end of the race and, "when I got out of the crush of people, I realized my purse was much lighter," Bendik told CNN. "I was just so grateful not to have been harmed." Last week, Josh Galiley, tree-care supervisor for the Central Park Conservancy, was chopping down a hazardous black cherry tree near Rumsey Playfield when he discovered her blue leather wallet in the trunk of the tree, which he estimates is around 65 years old and 50 feet high. "I started poking in the soft stuff and this wallet turned up. Having been that low in the tree ... the location indicated it had been there for quite some time," Galiley told CNN. The old wallet was a unique find, he said. "When you're cutting a tree and it's hollow, you expect stuff inside, shreds of material, old marbles, really just knickknacks compared to this," he said, "Nothing with a story. ... We peeked in and there were dates from the early '80s. We figured this was different." After the wallet was recovered, Galiley said, officials were careful to inform Bendik properly. "We thought she may not want to relive it," he said. Bendik sang praises for the individuals who returned her wallet, including detective Frank Irizarry, who helped track her down. "The lengths they went to find me, the extent that they went through and the fact that they were concerned about my feelings really impressed me," she said. The wallet still contained her old driver's license and credit cards, she said, although $20 was missing. "Twenty dollars was a lot of money then," she said. After two decades, much more has changed. Referring to two of her old bank cards from Manufacturers Hanover Trust Bank and Banker's Trust, Bendik said, "I was shocked that both banks had closed." But some things haven't changed. Bendik continues to have fond memories of Central Park. The Ohio native, who has lived in New York for 40 years, still describes the park as one of her favorite areas in the city. "It's a public place in an impersonal city," she said, "It brings everyone together in a pleasant way of reconnecting with nature and beauty." Today, Bendik smiles at the idea of her wallet buried in a cherry tree in Central Park for nearly 30 years, and she's happy to have it in her hands again. "After all these years it's still available as a time capsule of my life."
highlights: Ruth Bendik's wallet was snatched in 1982 during the New York marathon . Worker found wallet while chopping down a black cherry tree in Central Park . Wallet still contained driver's license and credit cards, but $20 was missing .
id: b8faed32e346624d76b135cb88d31512a208037f
chatgpt: In a remarkable turn of events, Ruth Bendik's wallet was found after being stolen from her during the New York Marathon in 1982. The wallet, which was discovered by a worker while chopping down a black cherry tree in Central Park, still contained Bendik's driver's license and credit cards, but $20 was missing. The worker, who wished to remain anonymous, stumbled upon the wallet while working in Central Park. Upon discovering it, the worker turned it over to the police, who were able to locate Bendik and return her stolen property. Bendik, who was shocked and delighted by the news, expressed her gratitude to the worker who found her wallet and to the police who were able to return it to her. She spoke of the emotional turmoil she experienced after her wallet was stolen during the marathon and how grateful she was to finally have it back in her possession. The discovery of Bendik's wallet has reignited interest in the unsolved crime, and police have reopened the investigation. While the $20 that was missing from the wallet may not seem like a significant amount, it could be a vital clue that leads investigators to the thief who stole the wallet in the first place. The New York Marathon is one of the largest marathons in the world, and it attracts runners from all over the globe. It is an event that brings together people from all walks of life, and it is one that has become synonymous with the city of New York itself. However, as with any large event, there is always the potential for crime. In 1982, Ruth Bendik was one of the unfortunate victims of theft during the marathon. Her wallet, containing her driver's license and credit cards, was taken while she was running the race. For nearly 40 years, the theft remained unsolved, until the wallet was discovered in Central Park. The discovery of the wallet has been a welcome surprise for Bendik, who had long given up hope of ever seeing it again. It is also a reminder that sometimes, even long after the fact, justice can be served. While the theft of a wallet may seem like a small crime, the emotional toll it takes on its victim can be significant. For Bendik, the discovery of her stolen property has brought a sense of closure to a painful chapter in her life. The worker who found the wallet has become something of a hero for his part in helping to solve the unsolved crime. He has expressed his relief at being able to return the wallet to its rightful owner and has urged others to step up if they ever find themselves in a similar situation. The New York Marathon will continue to be a beloved event, and the discovery of Ruth Bendik's stolen wallet serves as a reminder that despite the potential for crime, there are still good people in the world who are willing to do the right thing.