article: Luke 'Sasha' Fleischman, the 'agender' teenager who was set on fire in an alleged hate crime on an LA bus . An 'agender' teenager set on fire by another boy on a bus in Los Angeles is allegedly thought to have been the victim of a 'hate crime.' Luke ‘Sasha’ Fleischman, 18 - who does not identify as a man or woman but rather as ‘agender’ - was set on fire on an AC Transit bus in Oakland by another teenager on Monday. Thousands of dollars have already been raised for a fund, set up in the victims hometown, to pay for his treatment for second and third degree burns, according to local sources. The Maybeck High School student is expected to need several surgeries, including skin grafts, and months of recovery time. Police say they used surveillance video to track down the 16-year old accused of the attack to Oakland High School.  He is now in custody and has been charged with the crime. The suspect, who has not been named, is alleged  to have used a lighter to set fire to Fleischman’s skirt. ‘This is extremely disturbing,’ said Oakland police spokeswoman Johnna Watson. ‘This is a horrific crime: a human being set another human being on fire. I mean, that’s senseless and horrible.' Investigators are still looking for a motive in the incident, including the possibility it is a hate crime. Luke 'Sascha' Fleischman was set on fire on a Los Angeles bus as it travelled through the city . ‘This could happen anywhere to anyone, unfortunately it happened to our victim,’ said Johnna Watson. By Wednesday morning backers at raised more than $8,300 towards their $18,000 goal to pay for the teenager's treatment at St. Francis Memorial Hospital in San Francisco, according to Kron4 News. The incident happened  when the victim was asleep in the rear of an Alameda-Contra Costa Transit bus in Oakland, shortly after 5 p.m on Monday. Fleischman woke up with his clothing was on fire and tried to put it out himself. Other passengers came to his aid but he suffered severe burns to his legs. Once the bus driver realized what happened, he stopped the bus and called for assistance but the suspect fled the scene before police arrived. The Helping Sasha Have a Speedy Recovery fund is aiming to raise over $20,000 dollars for the teenager.
highlights: High school student,18, will need skin grafts and months of treatment . Oakland police say it was a 'senseless and  'horrific crime' They have charged a 16 year old boy but have not confirmed a motive . A fund to pay the victims medical bills has raised thousands of dollars .
id: d58685083b9c82a646b6bdcc9d7c230c9249cb79
chatgpt: An 18-year-old high school student in Oakland will need skin grafts and months of medical treatment following what police are calling a "senseless and horrific crime". The victim, whose name has not been released, was attacked by a 16-year-old boy who has now been charged with the crime. Police have not yet confirmed a motive for the attack. The incident occurred on the evening of February 10th, as the victim was walking home from a friend's house. According to witnesses, the 16-year-old assailant approached the victim from behind and began hitting them with a tire iron. The attack reportedly lasted for several minutes before the assailant fled the scene. Police arrived on the scene shortly after the attack and were able to track down the suspect with the help of witnesses. The suspect, who has not been named due to his age, was taken into custody and charged with assault with a deadly weapon. The victim was rushed to a local hospital where they underwent emergency surgery to treat their injuries. Doctors say that the victim will need skin grafts and several months of medical treatment before they can fully recover. Following news of the attack, a fund was set up to help pay for the victim's medical bills. The fund has already raised thousands of dollars and continues to receive donations from concerned members of the community. In a statement to the press, Oakland Police Chief Brian Bautista condemned the attack, calling it "senseless and horrific". He went on to praise the efforts of his officers in apprehending the suspect, stating that "their quick actions helped to bring this dangerous individual to justice". The motive for the attack remains unclear at this time, and police are continuing to investigate the incident. Anyone with information is urged to come forward and speak to authorities. This latest incident has once again highlighted the need for greater attention to be paid to the issue of violent crime in Oakland. While the city has made progress in recent years in reducing crime rates, incidents such as this serve as a stark reminder that more needs to be done to protect our communities and keep our streets safe.