article: Norway has become the latest country to consider stripping citizenship from extremists who travel abroad to fight jihad. The government said it was important to send 'a strong signal' to people thinking about leaving the country to join terror groups. It came as London Mayor Boris Johnson called for British citizens travelling to Iraq and Syria to join the Islamic State (ISIS) to be automatically stripped of their passports. In echoing that call, Norway's Minister of Children and Equality, Solveig Horne, said the government will 'turn over every stone' to prevent its citizens from becoming radicalised. 'Strong signal': Norway's Minister of Children and Equality, Solveig Horne (left), has echoed calls by London Mayor Boris Johnson (right) for extremists who travel abroad to fight jihad to be stripped of their citizenship . She told The Local: 'We will begin discussion about introducing regulations on revocation for any citizen causing serious damage to vital government interests or who has volunteered to serve in foreign military services. 'This is a strong signal to people wanting to take part in terror operations and wars.' Other countries, including Denmark and the Netherlands are looking at similar measures. Earlier this week, Mr Johnson said Britain must take on ISIS to 'try to close it down now', warning that doing nothing would mean a 'tide of terror will eventually lap at our own front door'. The mayor, who has overall responsibility for the Metropolitan Police, called for new laws that would mean anyone visiting Iraq and Syria would be automatically presumed to be terrorists unless they had notified the authorities in advance. The issue has been pulled into sharp . focus for many Western governments after the brutal killing of U.S. journalist James Foley by an Islamic State fighter dubbed 'jihadi John'. Sickening: Tackling extremism has been pulled into sharp focus for many Western governments after the brutal killing of U.S. journalist James Foley by an Islamic State fighter dubbed 'jihadi John' (above) Writing in his Daily Telegraph column, Mr Johnson said: ‘Young men such as this killer are famously told that if they die in "battle" they will be welcomed in heaven by the sexual ministrations of 72 virgins. ‘Many of them believe it - even though scholars have suggested that the reference to "black-eyed virgins" is in fact a promise of 72 raisins. 'I suspect most of us don't give a monkey's what happens to this prat in heaven, whether he meets virgins or raisins - we just want someone to come along with a bunker buster and effect an introduction as fast as possible.' However, he was roundly criticised for his comments. Richard Barrett, a former MI6 security chief, said the threat from ISIS was ‘unproven’ and needed to be better understood before new laws were rushed through. Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg added that new legislation to combat the threat posed by British jihadists returning from the Middle East would not remove the danger from Islamic State extremists.
highlights: Norway says it will 'turn over every stone' to prevent radicalisation . Boris Johnson has called for Brits who join ISIS to lose passports .
id: 115b26bad6b0a34ff0775b40a141015aab7a7de4
chatgpt: Norway has pledged to do all it can to prevent Islamist radicalisation in the country, with the government saying it will "turn over every stone" to tackle the issue. The move comes after a number of people of Norwegian origin joined terrorist groups in the Middle East, with authorities keen to nip the issue in the bud before it becomes a significant problem. The Scandinavian nation is seen as being particularly vulnerable to radicalisation, with its relatively small Muslim population (estimated to be around 5%) potentially making individuals more susceptible to extremist rhetoric. However, the Norwegian government has vowed to tackle the issue head-on through a range of initiatives aimed at promoting integration and combating radicalisation. One of the main areas of concern for the authorities is the internet, which has been used to spread extremist ideology and recruit new members to terrorist groups such as ISIS. In response, Norway is stepping up its efforts to monitor online activity, with the aim of identifying individuals who may be at risk of radicalisation and offering them support before it's too late. In a similar vein, UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson has called for British citizens who join ISIS to be stripped of their passports, effectively rendering them stateless. Johnson made the comments in an interview with The Sunday Times, suggesting that those who travel to the Middle East to fight for the terrorist group should be punished accordingly upon their return to the UK. Under current legislation, individuals who become involved with terrorist groups abroad can be prosecuted upon their return, but the process is often lengthy and difficult, with a low success rate. However, Johnson believes that removing individuals' passports would be an effective way of deterring people from travelling to Syria and Iraq to join ISIS in the first place. Critics have argued that the move would be counterproductive, forcing individuals to remain in the areas controlled by the terrorist group rather than returning home and facing justice. Furthermore, some have suggested that the proposal could put the lives of British citizens in danger by making them more likely to be targeted by retaliatory attacks from the group. Despite these concerns, Johnson remains adamant that something needs to be done to prevent individuals from joining ISIS, which he describes as a "death cult". The move comes as part of a wider crackdown on extremist activity, with the UK government recently introducing a series of new measures aimed at combating radicalisation. Ultimately, the issue of Islamist extremism remains a major concern for governments across Europe, with many countries stepping up their efforts to prevent individuals from being drawn into terrorist activity. While there are no easy solutions, it is clear that a proactive approach is required in order to tackle the issue before it becomes a major problem. Whether that means monitoring online activity, promoting integration, or punishing those who seek to join terrorist groups, one thing is clear: complacency is not an option.