article: (CNN) -- There were words said between two men at a movie theater, but nothing that merited the one to fatally shoot the other, the victim's wife said Thursday. Former Tampa police officer Curtis Reeves is in custody, accused of shooting Chad Oulson at the Wesley Chapel, Florida, movie theater on January 13. Chad Oulson's wife, Nicole Oulson, appeared on ABC's "Good Morning America" Thursday to give her recollections of that day. Oulson was wearing a cast, a result of an injury she suffered in the shooting. Widow: 'My whole world just got shattered' "The gunshot wound to my finger is the least of my worries right now," Oulson told ABC. "The real pain is in my heart and that will take a long time, if ever, to get over." Reeves, 71, got into an altercation with Chad Oulson because he was texting the couple's babysitter during the previews for "Lone Survivor," police said. The 6-foot-1, 270-pound Reeves, who was also with his wife for the matinee at the Grove 16 Theatre in suburban Tampa, left the auditorium, apparently to complain to management, police said. Reeves returned "irritated," a witness said. The argument continued and popcorn was thrown. According to the incident report, Reeves told police he was hit with an "unknown object" in the face, and then, fearing he was being attacked, pulled a handgun from his pocket and shot Chad Oulson. In aftermath of shooting, heroes responded . "It was a couple of words. No threats. No harm. No nothing," Nicole Oulson said on ABC. "We're both very respectful when the movie is on, that we put our phones away, so he took a couple of seconds just to check the phone to make sure there were no messages about our daughter." A defense attorney, who tried and failed to get a judge to grant the Reeves bail, said that the former police officer was the victim and that Chad Oulson was the agressor. Nicole Oulson's attorney, TJ Grimaldi, dismissed that idea. It shouldn't matter what Chad Oulson threw at Reeves, the attorney told CNN. "There is absolutely no reason that this should have escalated to the level that it did, especially as quickly as it did," the attorney told "Good Morning America." Couple describes encounter with Curtis Reeves .
highlights: Chad Oulson's widow, Nicole Olson, says her husband did not threaten suspect . "The gunshot wound to my finger is the least of my worries right now," she tells ABC . Suspect told police he was hit by an "unknown object" before shooting Oulson . It shouldn't matter what was thrown at Reeves, Nicole Oulsen's attorney told CNN .
id: 5e882e2f27881e85c57785134186a5fdc6f02fad
chatgpt: Chad Oulson's widow, Nicole Olson, is speaking out after her husband was killed in a Florida movie theater earlier this week. "The gunshot wound to my finger is the least of my worries right now," she told ABC News in an interview. "My concern is that my husband is gone, and my 2-year-old daughter no longer has a father." The suspect, Curtis Reeves, a retired police captain, claims that Oulson threw an object at him before he shot and killed him. However, the victim's widow disputes this account, saying that her husband did not threaten Reeves in any way. "It shouldn't matter what was thrown at Reeves," Nicole Oulsen's attorney told CNN. "What matters is that an innocent man was killed for no reason." Reeves is currently being held without bail on a charge of second-degree murder. His lawyer has argued that he acted in self-defense, but Nicole Olson rejects this claim as well. "He brought a gun to a movie theater," she said. "How can he claim to have acted in self-defense? He was the only one who had a weapon." The shooting has sparked renewed debate about the controversial "stand your ground" law in Florida, which allows people to use deadly force in self-defense if they feel threatened. Critics say the law has encouraged vigilantism and has led to unnecessary deaths. In the wake of the shooting, many movie theaters have stepped up security measures, including bag checks and metal detectors. However, some civil rights groups have criticized these measures as intrusive and unnecessary. "Movie theaters should be safe places where people can enjoy themselves without fear of violence," said Bruce Nystrom, a spokesman for the American Civil Liberties Union. "But security measures that infringe on our civil liberties are not the answer." As the investigation into the shooting continues, Nicole Oulsen says she is focused on keeping her husband's memory alive for their daughter. "He was a wonderful man, a devoted husband and father," she said. "He deserved to live a long and happy life. I will make sure that our daughter knows how much he loved her, and how much he meant to us."