article: Rafael Nadal negotiated a tricky test against Kevin Anderson to reach his 28th Grand Slam quarter-final at the Australian Open on Sunday. World No 3 Nadal came through a tight first set before easing to a 7-5, 6-1, 6-4 victory against South African Anderson which seals a last-eight clash with Tomas Berdych. Nadal said: 'I am very happy with the way I played today. Probably the best match of the year so that is very important for me. Rafael Nadal wasted little time in dispatching Kevin Anderson and reaching the quarter-finals . Nadal battled through the first set and never looked back to book his spot in the last eight . 'For me [the] quarter-finals is a great result. Arriving here after losing in the first round of Qatar, not playing matches for the last seven months, to be in the quarter-finals again here is a very positive thing for me.' Anderson will rue several missed chances in the first set when he failed to convert any of five break points at 5-5 and then missed a volley in the next game to go one set down. Nadal then took charge, dropping just one game in the second set and one break was enough in the third for the Spaniard to claim victory in two hours and six minutes. The 28-year-old now goes on to face seventh seed Berdych after the Czech continued his serene progress through the draw with a 6-2, 7-6 (7-3), 6-2 win against Aussie Bernard Tomic. Nadal may be favourite given that he has beaten Berdych in all of their last 17 meetings, but the latter looks to be in fine form with Andy Murray's ex-coach Dani Vallverdu now by his side. Nadal said: 'It doesn't matter what happened in the past. It is a different story this time. Different moment for me, different moment for him. 'I have success against him, but I have the chances to lose against him. I remember in 2012 I had a very, very tough match against him here. I was close to being two sets to love down.' Nadal celebrates his victory over Anderson in typical fashion as he makes through in Melbourne . Nadal is spoilt for choice as two ball boys offer him a towel during a break in play . Anderson failed to convert his set points in the first set and paid the ultimate price .
highlights: Rafael Nadal eased into the fourth round with victory over Kevin Anderson . Spaniard faced set points in the opening set but held his nerve . Nadal then won the next two sets with ease to progress in Melbourne . The former champion will now take on No 7 seed Tomas Berdych .
id: b80396136a82802a0edf40990076a36346a841ca
chatgpt: Rafael Nadal has advanced to the fourth round of the Australian Open after beating Kevin Anderson in straight sets. The Spaniard faced some tough moments in the opening set as the South African threatened to break Nadal's serve but the former champion held his nerve to come out on top. Anderson, who is known for his powerful serves and groundstrokes, came into this match after beating Ilya Ivashka and Adrian Mannarino in the opening rounds. However, the 20-time Grand Slam champion was always going to be a tough opponent for the 34-year-old. The first set was a back-and-forth battle, with both players holding their serve until the 12th game. Anderson had two set points but Nadal managed to save them both with some blistering forehands and aces. The match stayed on serve until the tiebreak, which Nadal won comfortably, 7-3. In the second set, Nadal started to show his class and took an early break to go up 3-1. He continued to hold his serve and break Anderson's to win the set 6-4. The third set was even more dominant for the Spaniard, as he broke Anderson twice to win 6-2 and take the match in just under two hours. "It was a tough first set, Kevin is a great player," Nadal said after the match. "I was happy with how I played in the second and third sets, I found my rhythm and was able to take control of the match." Nadal's next opponent will be the No. 7 seed Tomas Berdych, who defeated Diego Schwartzman in straight sets on Friday. Berdych has had a good start to the tournament, beating Kyle Edmund and Federico Delbonis in the first two rounds. Nadal and Berdych have met 25 times before, with the Spaniard leading the head-to-head record 20-5. However, the Czech has beaten Nadal before, most recently at the 2015 Australian Open quarter-finals. "It's going to be a tough match, Tomas is a great player and he's been playing well," Nadal said. "I'll have to be at my best to win, but I'm looking forward to the challenge." Nadal, who won the Australian Open in 2009, is looking to add another Grand Slam title to his collection. He last won a major title at the French Open in 2020 and has been working hard to regain his form after injuries hampered his progress in recent years. His performance today suggests that he is getting back to his best and it will be interesting to see how he fares against Berdych in the next round.