article: Eight-year-old Laney Brown will never see Christmas again. Her doctors say leukemia will take her soon. Laney loves music. Loves to dance, loves Taylor Swift, loves Christmas carols. As her dying wishes, she asked to meet the country superstar and for some people to come by her house for a night of caroling, CNN affiliate WFMZ reported. On Friday -- her birthday -- Laney and Swift video chatted through FaceTime, a software application that allows callers to see each other on Apple products. Saturday night the singers came. At first it was hundreds of people, then thousands. Then it was 10,000. They came to her home in West Reading, Pennsylvania, and even though she was too weak to go to the window, she heard the wonderful music. "I can hear you now!!! Love you!" she said through a photo her family posted to a Team Laney Facebook page showing the girl, two thumbs up despite a breathing mask, lying in bed. Laney was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukemia seven months ago. Last week doctors told her family that she has 70% cancer cells in her blood. She came home from the hospital on Thursday and said she wanted to hear Christmas carols. So two days later people came from all over. Her dance team was there to honor her through one last number. Even Santa showed up. Many of them held back tears. "I can't even express how I feel," Krysta Rebe, who has a daughter Laney's age, told WFMZ. It was only an hour of singing, but it lifted the spirits of everyone who jammed the block outside the Browns' home. On Facebook one woman wrote that she had seen and taken part in a miracle. "As much as I want that miracle to be saving the life of an 8-year-old little girl, Laney, the miracle was an 8-year-old little girl teaching an entire community, town, city and the whole country the true meaning of Christmas," Marianne Franken wrote. Laney's parents issued a statement Thursday thanking the public for its support and asking for privacy in the difficult days ahead.
highlights: Laney Brown, 8, has leukemia and doctors say she will die soon . She asked to meet singer Taylor Swift and to hear Christmas carolers at her home . On Friday she had a video chat with Swift . Saturday night, for one hour, people packed the street and serenaded her .
id: ea4686d364e43302f1d1aff9feaa5604321eafd3
chatgpt: On Friday evening, eight-year-old Laney Brown got her holiday wish when she had a video chat with her favorite singer, Taylor Swift. Laney, who is suffering from leukemia, has been given just days to live by her doctors. Swift took time out of her busy schedule to fulfill Laney's request to meet her, making the young girl's holiday season a little brighter. The chat between Laney and Swift lasted for around 20 minutes, and Swift took the time to speak to Laney about her favorite things, favorite songs and Christmas traditions. She also sang some carols for Laney, who was delighted to hear them. But that wasn't all that happened. On Saturday night, the street outside Laney's home was filled with hundreds of carolers, who sang for Laney for more than an hour. People from all over the area came together to serenade the terminally ill girl with her favorite Christmas carols. The event was so well attended that local police had to be called in to manage the crowds. But despite the chaos, the night was a resounding success. Although Laney couldn't go outside to see the carolers, she could hear them from her room and was reportedly very happy that so many people came out to sing for her. Laney has been battling acute myeloid leukemia, a type of cancer of the blood and bone marrow, since May of this year. She has undergone numerous rounds of chemotherapy, but her doctors recently told her family that there was nothing more they could do to save her. Her family and friends have been working hard to create special moments for Laney, and the chat with Taylor Swift and the carolers certainly did that. As for Swift, the singer took to Twitter to express her gratitude for the opportunity to connect with Laney. As the holidays approach, Laney's family and friends are urging people to keep the girl in their thoughts, and to keep the carols coming. The outpouring of love and support that Laney has received from her community and beyond is a testament to the power of love and the human spirit.