article: Darren Fletcher's move away from Manchester United is set to go ahead despite a dispute over a pay-off. Sportsmail understands the club have told the player's agent that they will allow the long-serving Scotland midfielder, whose contract expires at the end of the season, to leave on a free in this transfer window. They are also known to be happy for Fletcher, who turns 31 on Monday, to see out the remainder of his deal at Old Trafford. Darren Fletcher's West Ham United move is being held up over a payment dispute with Manchester United . However, it is unlikely United will both pay-up the remainder of the contract AND waive their right to a transfer fee. Officials believe that not asking for a fee is a sufficient gesture of goodwill towards Fletcher, who is nearing a 20th anniversary with the club he signed for as an 11-year-old. West Ham United are keen on bringing the player to Upton Park but whether they are able to bridge the gap and pay the equivalent of what he would have earned at United is unclear. Despite the above, however, a move away from the club is likely to take place in the near future. Sam Allardyce is keen on bringing Fletcher to West Ham and adding some experience to his midfield . Fletcher was named vice-captain by Louis van Gaal following the Dutchman's arrival at United but has struggled for playing time. The acquisitions of Angel di Maria and Daley Blind have limited his opportunities and he will not be offered a new deal at the club. This season Fletcher has started just four Premier League matches and was replaced as vice-captain by Michael Carrick in December. Aside from West Ham, West Bromwich Albion and Valencia are interested parties. A return to United in a coaching or ambassadorial role is an option, but this would not happen until his playing days are over. United boss Louis van Gaal named Fletcher as vice-captain but the Scotsman has found playing time limited . The arrivals of Angel Di Maria (left) and Daley Blind (right) hasn't helped Fletcher hold down a place . Aside from West Ham, West Bromwich Albion and Valencia are interested parties. A return to United in a coaching or ambassadorial role is an option, but this would not happen until his playing days are over.
highlights: Darren Fletcher looked set to join West Ham United during this window . The Scotsman was close to signing for Sam Allardyce's side on a free . Fletcher could return to Old Trafford in a coaching role once he's retired . Follow all the latest transfer news here .
id: 6f391c97b1bcf8c8394658515bf63eeb6060aa7d
chatgpt: Scottish midfielder Darren Fletcher's transfer negotiations with West Ham United have made headlines recently, as the footballer looked all set to sign a deal with the club. Darren Fletcher was close to joining Sam Allardyce's side on a free transfer, but the latest reports suggest that the deal might have hit a stumbling block. Fletcher, who started his career at Manchester United and has represented Scotland 80 times, has been a free agent since his contract with Stoke City expired at the end of last season. The 36-year old has been keen on joining a new club and West Ham seemed like the perfect destination for him. However, it seems that the potential move is in jeopardy. Reports suggest that there has been a disagreement over personal terms between Fletcher and West Ham, which has now stalled the deal. While it remains to be seen if the transfer will eventually proceed, it is clear that the veteran midfielder wants to continue playing professional football. Interestingly, even though Fletcher's future at the Hammers appears uncertain, his potential return to Old Trafford has already been tipped. It is believed that he could be back at the Manchester United in a coaching role once he decides to retire from playing. Fletcher, who won a plethora of domestic and European trophies with Manchester United, could bring a wealth of experience to the coaching staff. The Scotsman has also played for West Bromwich Albion, and Wolverhampton Wanderers in the past, and has proven himself to be a versatile midfielder who can adapt to different playing styles. Meanwhile, as this transfer saga continues to unfold, football fans all over the world look forward to more transfer news and rumours in the coming days. With the transfer window still open, there's a lot of excitement and anticipation surrounding the potential deals that could be completed before the deadline. Overall, it seems that Darren Fletcher's potential move to West Ham United is in doubt at the moment, but his experience and contribution to the game could be invaluable to any club he decides to play for. And who knows, one day we could even see him back at Old Trafford, this time in a coaching capacity.