article: The wife of the gunman killed during this week's cafe siege will have her bail reviewed at Sydney's Supreme Court. Man Haron Monis's wife, Amirah Drouis, has been on bail since being charged with involvement in the murder of his ex-wife Noleen Pal in 2013. NSW Attorney-General Brad Hazzard recently expressed concern she was out on bail and asked the Director of Public Prosecutions to review the decision. Mr Hazzard said that 'The charges laid against Amirah Droudis are extremely serious and her alleged actions involve a murder'. Scroll down for video . Man Haron Monis's wife, Amirah Drouis (above), has been on bail since being charged with involvement in the murder of his ex-wife Noleen Pal in 2013 . 'On behalf of our community I want to know whether every aspect of her being on bail has been examined in all possible detail.' Ms Drouis has been reporting to the Campsie Police Station daily, after police launched an urgent search for Man Haron Monis's partner on the day of the Sydney siege after her mother reported her missing. Ms Droudis had acted as Monis's spokesperson for many years, delivering YouTube messages on behalf of the self-declared sheikh. In one video uploaded in 2009, a niqab-clad ‘Sister Amirah’ proclaims she is a terrorist. Man Haron Monis's partner, Amirah Droudis, shared his extremist views . On the morning of the siege Ms Droudis had been reported missing by her mother . Police arrived at Ms Droudis's family home in Belmore, but were informed that she was at a Wiley Park address. The residence is the same one she shared with the gunman before he was killed in the siege which claimed the lives of Katrina Dawson, 38, and Lindt Cafe manager Tori Johnson. The review comes after questions were raised as to why gunman Monis was also out on bail, a detail which saw him free to interact with the community and allowed him the freedom to be in Martin Place. Monis walked into the Lindt cafe in Sydney's busy Martin Place around 9.30am on Monday, pulled a shotgun from a bag and took 18 people hostage. The siege ended in a hail of gunfire almost 17 hours later when police stormed the cafe. Ms Droudis is on bail charged with murdering Monis's ex-partner Noleen Pal in 2013 . If the original ruling is overturned, Amirah Droudis could be taken into custody. Monis came to the attention of police when he sent hate-filled letters to the families of dead Australian soldiers seven years ago. He also faced dozens of indecent and sexual assault allegations before his death on Tuesday. Mr Hazzard has asked the DPP to review any cases where bail has been granted and where there may be any similarity to the circumstances of the Monis matter. He was charged with being an accessory to the murder of Ms Pal, who was stabbed and had her body set alight. Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
highlights: Sydney siege gunman's widow Amirah Droudis will have her bail conditions reviewed in front of Sydney's Supreme Court on Monday . Ms Droudis out on bail after being charged with the murder of Man Monis' ex-wife in 2013 . She was reported missing by her mother on the morning of the siege and police raided her family home . Droudis and Monis had been involved together in terrorism-related protests . They were convicted together of sending offensive emails to the families of Australian soldiers killed in Afghanistan . Police said during the siege they knew the gunman's identity and was believed to be acting alone . Droudis was found within hours of the search being launched . She has not been charged in connection with the siege .
id: ede85804ded5c400f1fa2935f4d568ad705f10f2
chatgpt: The widow of the Sydney siege gunman, Amirah Droudis, will face a bail review in front of the Supreme Court on Monday. Droudis is out on bail after being charged with the murder of Man Monis' ex-wife in 2013.  Droudis was reported missing by her mother on the morning of the hostage crisis in Sydney in 2014. During the siege, police raided her family home. Despite her association with the gunman, Droudis has not been charged in connection with the siege. Droudis and Monis had been involved together in terrorism-related protests prior to the siege. In fact, they were convicted together of sending offensive emails to the families of Australian soldiers killed in Afghanistan. The police, during the siege, knew the identity of the gunman and believed he was acting alone. Droudis was found within hours of the search being launched and was taken into custody for questioning. Since then, she has been out on bail and her case will be reviewed on Monday in front of the Supreme Court. The hearing will examine if she should be allowed to continue on bail or if she should be remanded in custody. The bail review will be a crucial moment for Droudis, who has stayed away from the public for some time. It remains to be seen what the outcome of the hearing will be, but it is a significant moment for the families of the victims and for the Australian public. The Sydney siege was a terrible tragedy that saw the death of two hostages, Katrina Dawson and Tori Johnson. It was a shock to the nation and highlighted the dangers of terrorism and extremism. The review of Droudis' bail conditions is an important moment in the aftermath of the siege. It will provide an opportunity to revisit the events of that day and to assess the role of those who are connected to the gunman. There will be many questions asked at the hearing, and it is hoped that the answers will provide some closure for the families of the victims. The Sydney siege was a tragic event, but it is important that justice is done and that those responsible are held to account. The bail review of Amirah Droudis is an important moment in this ongoing process. It is indicative of the continuing investigation into the siege and the search for answers as to what happened that day in Sydney.