article: (CNN) -- Carly Fiorina, the former Hewlett-Packard CEO turned top John McCain aide, said she doesn't think Sarah Palin is qualified to run a major corporation. For that matter, Fiorina said, McCain, Obama and Biden aren't capable of that kind of job either. Ex-Hewlett-Packard CEO and McCain adviser Carly Fiorina said   Sarah Palin could not run a major company. The Republican presidential candidate has been trying to portray himself as someone who can fix the country's economic woes. But that is a far different task than running a Fortune 500 corporation, Fiorina told MSNBC Tuesday. Democratic candidate Barack Obama's camp immediately circulated copies of her words -- which didn't exactly paint their candidate in a soft light, either. "Well, I don't think John McCain could run a major corporation, I don't think Barack Obama could run a major corporation, I don't think Joe Biden could run a major corporation," Fiorina said. "It is a fallacy to suggest that the country is like a company. So, of course, to run a business, you have to have a lifetime of experience in business, but that's not what Sarah Palin, John McCain, Joe Biden or Barack Obama are doing." Fiorina was president of Hewlett-Packard until her high-profile ousting in 2006 after the company's unfavorable performance. "If John McCain's top economic adviser doesn't think he can run a corporation, how on Earth can he run the largest economy in the world in the midst of a financial crisis?" said Obama spokesman Tommy Vietor. "Apparently, even the people who run his campaign agree that the economy is an issue John McCain doesn't understand as well as he should."  Watch Fiorina says Palin isn't ready for big business » . Fiorina made similar comments earlier Thursday to a St. Louis, Missouri, radio station. She was asked if she thinks Palin is qualified to run a company like Hewlett-Packard. "No, I don't," Fiorina answered. "But that's not what she's running for. Running a corporation is a different set of things."
highlights: Carly Fiorina also tells MSNBC John McCain isn't ready to run a corporation . Fiorina was the CEO of Hewlett-Packard and is now a McCain adviser . She also says Barack Obama, Joe Biden not ready to be CEOs .
id: d31f0a1d4d432bbd3526410fa6fabd5387db832b
chatgpt: In a recent interview with MSNBC, Carly Fiorina, former CEO of Hewlett-Packard and current adviser to John McCain, expressed her opinion that neither John McCain's opponent, Barack Obama, nor his running mate, Joe Biden, are prepared to take on the duties of a CEO. Fiorina's comments came in response to a question about McCain's previous statement that he did not consider himself an expert in economics. "I don't think John McCain could run a major corporation," Fiorina said. "I don't think Barack Obama could run a major corporation. I don't think Joe Biden could. But it is not the same as being the president or vice president of the United States. It is a fallacy to suggest that the country is like a corporation. It is not." Fiorina went on to defend McCain's qualifications, noting his experience as a military leader and a senator. "What McCain knows is how to lead," she said. "This is about leadership. And the question for the American people is, who do you trust to lead?" Fiorina's statements have been met with some criticism, particularly from those who point to her own record as CEO of Hewlett-Packard. During her tenure, the company faced controversy over layoffs and outsourcing, as well as a widely-publicized merger with Compaq that was opposed by many shareholders. Despite these criticisms, Fiorina remains a prominent figure in Republican politics and a key member of McCain's team. She has been vocal in her support of the nominee, arguing that his experience and leadership skills make him the best choice for the presidency. As the race for the White House heats up, it remains to be seen what impact Fiorina's comments will have on the campaign. For now, though, her assertion that neither Obama nor Biden are ready to be CEOs is likely to be a point of contention between the two parties.