article: ABC has announced that Barbara Walters will have the first interview with UC-Santa Barbara shooter Elliot Rodger's father. Peter Rodger has not spoken out about his son's killing spree that left six dead and 13 others injured before killing himself. The special will mark the famed broadcaster's first return to television since she retired last month. His side of the story: Barbara Walters will tape an interview with Peter Rodger, the filmmaker father of Isla Vista killer Elliot Rodger, in her first return to television since her retirement last month . Final warning: Elliot Rodger posted a confessional video titled 'Retribution' shortly before going on a killing spree near the UC-Santa Barbara campus in May . ABC did not reveal when the interview will air, saying only that it will be an upcoming special edition of 20/20. The killer's mother, Li-Chin Rodger, was the first one to realize that something was awry at the time of his killing spree. Li-Chin, who have been divorced for many years, received an email from her 22-year-old son shortly after 9pm on May 25 which included a 140-page manifesto. She immediately went to Elliot's YouTube page and saw that he had uploaded a video called 'Retribution' wherein he describes how he plans to slaughter sorority girls. Treatment: A family spokesman previously said that Peter Rodger (right) and his ex-wife had made sure that Elliot (left) was receiving treatment . His mother knew something was horribly wrong and she called her ex, filmmaker Peter, and after they watched the video, they called 911. Both parents rushed to the scene separately and reportedly realized they were too late once they heard news reports of the ongoing rampage on the car radio. Neither parent has spoken out about the killings yet, and in the immediate aftermath they gave permission to a close friend to speak to the media on their behalf, explaining how Elliot had been receiving professional help for some time. '(His parents) were conscious and concerned about their son's health,' Simon Astaire told CNN. 'They thought he was in good hands.' Part of the deal: When Walters retired last month, she said that she would still come back to work from time to time on the 20/20 Interview Specials (pictured during one such interview in 2013)
highlights: Barbara Walters will sit down with Peter Rodger, the filmmaker father of Elliot Rodger . Will be the first time either of the 22-year-old killer's divorced parents speaks to the media following his May 25 rampage that left six dead . Walters retired from television in mid-May but said that she would return to ABC occasionally for special 20/20 interviews . Network has not released an air date .
id: 6c59f4dae8ec4a551354d0546aecd332f862984e
chatgpt: In a move that has surprised many, Barbara Walters has announced that she will be seating down with the father of Elliot Rodger. Peter Rodger, a filmmaker and former assistant director for The Hunger Games, is the divorced father of Elliot Rodger, the 22-year-old responsible for a May 25th rampage that left six people dead. This interview, which will be the first time either of the killer’s parents speaks to the media, is expected to be an intense and thought-provoking one. Barbara Walters, who retired from television in mid-May, has informed the public that she will occasionally return to ABC for special 20/20 interviews. While the network has not yet released an air date for the broadcast, insiders have reported that the interview is likely to take place imminently. The interview will undoubtedly shed light on the painful and difficult questions that have lingered in the minds of many since the tragic event. The story of Elliot Rodger shocked the world when it came to light that the young man had been on the radar of health professionals for years prior to his deadly rampage. In his manifesto, which was released posthumously, Rodger portrayed himself as a victim of society’s societal expectations and claimed to have been fueled by a deep-seated rage against women. Since the shooting, experts have been exploring the mental health implications of the event, and have been calling on lawmakers to do more to prevent similar occurrences in the future. The interview with Peter Rodger is expected to add a critical perspective to the dialogue that has taken place so far. Many will be interested to hear what Rodger has to say about his son, particularly in light of the alleged tension that was said to exist between the two men. The public will be looking to Walters’ skills as a journalist to extract the most compelling answers possible. As with all of her interviews, Walters is expected to take a sensitive and nuanced approach to the topics at hand. For many years, she has been known for her ability to humanize difficult stories, and this interview is likely to be no exception. As the broadcast date approaches, the public remains focused on the hope that this interview may provide new insights into what led to the tragic events of May 25th, and what can be done to prevent similar events in the future.