article: By . Emily Crane for Daily Mail Australia . The number of properties that went under the hammer in Sydney at the weekend have more than doubled from the same week last year. Nearly 83 percent of properties up for auction in Sydney sold on Saturday, marking a big result for the first weekend of spring. Of the 711 houses, there were more than 20 properties up for sale with a $2 million plus price tag over the last two weekends, which also doubled from the same period in 2013, according to RP Data. This Burwood home in Sydney's inner west was the top seller on Saturday when it went under the hammer for $4.5 million . The 1,300sqm property is situated on two blocks of land . A four-bedroom home at Burwood in Sydney's inner west was the top seller on Saturday when it went under the hammer for $4.5 million. Sydney's property results follow a record selling August where 1,900 of the 2,660 properties listed for sale were sold. A senior economist for Australian Property Monitors, Andrew Wilson, said buyers weren't deterred from the auctions despite the stormy weather. This property was one of more than 20 up for sale with a $2 million plus price tag over the last two weekends . The four-bedroom has high ornate ceilings, an extra-wide hallway and polished marble flooring throughout . The layout of the house has separate formal lounge and dining rooms that could be used as extra bedrooms if required . The gourmet kitchen is overlooked by family living and dining spaces . 'There’s not much that could get in the way of a Sydney property buyer and an auction at the moment,' Mr Wilson told Fairfax Media. Property sales in Melbourne also had a high clearance rate, with 75 percent of homes listed for sale actually selling. Investors are estimated to have made up approximately 60 percent of sales in Sydney and 40 percent in Melbourne over the weekend. The property's master bedroom is complete with spa bath ensuite and walk-in robe . The sale at Burwood marked a big result for the first weekend of spring . 'Results across capital cities this week, especially Sydney, provide a clear indication that this will be a good spring for sellers,' RP Data housing market specialist, Robert Larocca, said. In capital cities across the country 1,692 properties were listed for auction compared to 1,054 for the same period last year. Other capitals to have increased clearance rates from this time last year were Brisbane with about 50 percent, Adelaide at 70 percent, Canberra with 56 percent and Perth at 27 percent. The Ivanhoe property has two driveways, as well as a double garage with drive-through access to the rear yard and additional off street parking . A glass mosaic swimming pool is the centre piece of the backyard, which also has multiple entertainment spaces . The property has maintains its period charm and stylish contemporary design . The 1,300sqm property is located in the heart of Burwood on a quiet street .
highlights: Nearly 83 percent of properties up for sale in Sydney sold at auction . More than 20 properties in Sydney had a price tag of more than $2 million . Top seller was a $4.5 million four-bedroom home at Burwood in Sydney's inner west . 80 percent of homes listed for sale in Melbourne went under the hammer . Brisbane, Adelaide, Canberra and Perth also had increased clearance rates .
id: d75b5c290a1773af5234512ad5a651170b087420
chatgpt: According to reports from the weekend, over 83 percent of properties up for sale in Sydney were snapped up at auctions. This figure came as a result of more than 20 different properties having price tags exceeding $2 million, with the top selling home being a four-bedroom house located in Burwood in Sydney’s inner west for a whopping $4.5 million. The high auction clearance rates in Sydney extend to other Australian cities too, with 80 percent of homes listed for sale in Melbourne going under the hammer. Brisbane, Adelaide, Canberra and Perth all have increased clearance rates too, indicating that the Australian property market is chugging along nicely amidst the pandemic. In Sydney, buyer’s agents are starting to see a new trend where vendors are opting to sell through auctions rather than private sales. Because of the success that auctions are yielding in the market, some are saying that it is becoming a preferred method for property sales this year. The competitive environment also helps to generate higher bids and, in turn, better prices for vendors when they sell, making it a win-win situation all around. From a buyer’s perspective, there is never a better time to invest in the Australian property market, as prices continue to climb, and the government continues to provide a helping hand to first-time homebuyers. Construction incentives are only improving the home buyer stimulus, which means that prices are unlikely to drop anytime soon. For vendors, now is a fantastic opportunity to sell your property in Australia. It is essential to realise that the market may fluctuate from year to year, and the current conditions may not stick around forever. With this in mind, it’s best to make use of the best possible chance to sell for as much as possible. So, what does the future hold for the Australian property market? It’s hard to say with certainty, but the current trends suggest that the market is moving from strength to strength. In cities across the country, properties are selling for record prices, and auction clearance rates continue to soar. It is not just the high-end properties that are thriving; buyers at all levels and price points are making their moves. Whether it’s a modest apartment or a sprawling estate, increased demand and competition are helping to create a vibrant, dynamic market. In summary, the Australian property market is booming, with high auction clearance rates and record sale prices in Sydney, Melbourne, Brisbane, Adelaide, Canberra and Perth. The trend of auction sales rather than private sales continues to pick up momentum, giving buyers and sellers alike the opportunity to make some great deals. So, it’s a great time to get involved and be a part of the Australian dream of home ownership.