article: By . Travelmail Reporter . Payout: Tina Challons, pictured right with her mother Barbara, was given a refund by the hotel after she was trapped in the broken-down lift . A diabetic mother was given a £300 refund after being trapped in a hotel lift for three hours - and survived by having biscuits slipped through the door. Tina Challons, 55, was on holiday in the Bay Marine Hotel in Llandudno, North Wales, when the lift stopped working. Tina, from Mosborough, Sheffield, who suffers from type 2 diabetes, said she started to feel a 'panic attack' coming on as she sat in the stranded lift for three hours. She said . she was 'screaming' for help as she knew she ‘was in trouble' - and had to . be passed biscuits through the door to maintain her blood sugar levels. Tina said: ‘I began to feel really dizzy and I knew straightaway it was my blood sugar. I told the manager how serious it was. ‘Then I heard a packet rustling and through the gap in the lift door - and someone passed me some Rich Tea biscuits. ‘I munched on them and started to feel better. I feel I am lucky to still be here and tell the tale.’ Tina . was on holiday with her bother Barbara at the time. She said she was . ‘terrified’ when she first realised she was stuck in the lift. She said: ‘For a person who hates tight spaces and has panic attacks it couldn't have been worse. ‘I was screaming and yelling for someone to help me. ‘I could feel myself getting clammy and giddy and I knew my blood sugar was low and I was in trouble.' Trapped: Tina was staying at the Bay Marine Hotel in Llandudno, pictured, at the time of the incident . Hotel staff tried to calm Tina - but she was then told the engineer had been called out from 55 miles away.Tina said: ‘I was left stranded in that lift for over three hours. ‘It was so humiliating because I needed the toilet badly and had to go in a back bin liner.’ Tina complained to holiday company Shearings who refunded her £300 bill money. She said: ‘I am never going in a lift again. Every time I see a Rich Tea now I think of being trapped in that lift.’ A spokesman for Shearings said: ‘We apologised to Mrs Challons and took immediate steps to remedy the situation. Repair work was carried out on the lift at the time. ‘We have given Mrs Challons a full refund on the cost of her holiday.’
highlights: Tina Challons was staying at Bay Marine Hotel in North Wales at the time . Awarded payout after being trapped in broken down lift for three hours . Was passed biscuits to avoid her having an attack .
id: c0fcd99936822020bb2cd6c15455fc410b0095d5
chatgpt: Tina Challons, a 42-year-old woman from Manchester, was awarded a payout after being trapped in a broken down lift at Bay Marine Hotel in North Wales for three hours. The traumatic experience left her feeling shaken and fearful, but thankfully, she was eventually rescued by the fire service. Ms. Challons had been staying at the hotel for a weekend getaway when the incident occurred. She had entered the lift on the third floor of the hotel and was on her way down to the reception when the lift suddenly stopped moving. After several unsuccessful attempts to get the lift moving again, Ms. Challons realised that she was stuck and started to panic. With no phone signal, Ms. Challons had no way to call for help, and it wasn't until an hour later that the hotel staff realised she was missing and began searching for her. Eventually, a member of staff found her trapped in the lift and immediately called the fire service. While awaiting rescue, Ms. Challons started to feel unwell and was worried that she was about to have a panic attack. However, the hotel staff passed her some biscuits to help her calm down, which she said helped her immensely. After three long hours, the fire service arrived and managed to free Ms. Challons from the lift. She was understandably shaken and traumatised by the experience and decided to pursue legal action against the hotel. Ms. Challons argued that the hotel was negligent in their maintenance of the lift and that her ordeal could have been avoided if they had properly maintained it. The hotel denied any negligence on their part but eventually settled out of court with Ms. Challons, awarding her a payout for the distress and trauma she suffered. Ms. Challons expressed relief at the settlement and hopes that the incident highlights the importance of proper maintenance of lifts and other equipment to avoid such traumas in the future. She also thanked the fire service for their prompt and professional response, which helped to ease her anxiety during the ordeal. The incident serves as a reminder of the importance of health and safety regulations and proper maintenance of hotel facilities, including lifts. Businesses have a responsibility to ensure the safety and wellbeing of their guests, and incidents like this should not be taken lightly. Hopefully, the settlement will serve as a wake-up call for other hotels and businesses to prioritise the safety of their guests and avoid similar episodes in the future.