article: By . Kieran Corcoran . and Hanna Flint . PUBLISHED: . 06:57 EST, 2 March 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 09:12 EST, 8 March 2014 . Ralph Fiennes has revealed that he . met James Bond producers to discuss taking over the iconic role from Timothy Dalton in the 1990s - but now thinks he would have been 'terrible' in the role. The actor, who . now stars alongside Daniel Craig in the Bond films as M, the leader of . MI6, recalled how he was interviewed over the role 20 years ago. Mr . Fiennes, 51, who starred in The English Patient and played Lord . Voldemort in the Harry Potter films, said he wasn't ready to commit to . the part, and implied that a mutual decision was reached not to proceed. Decisions: Ralph Fiennes, pictured at the Skyfall premier in 2012, did not take up the role of James Bond, which instead went to Pierce Brosnan, pictured right in 2002 starring in Die Another Day . In an interview with the Sunday Telegraph's . Seven magazine, Mr Fiennes said: ' There was a conversation that was . great... I think that's all I can say, except that it didn't lead to . anything on both sides.' He added: 'I think I would've been a terrible . Bond, actually. I think I'm happier playing M. And I think Daniel Craig . is a brilliant Bond.' Producers . for the Bond franchise instead chose Pierce Brosnan, now 60, for the role. His . first appeared as 007 in GoldenEye (1995) and continued in Tomorrow . Never Dies (1997), The World Is Not Enough (1999) and Die Another Day . (2002). He handed over to Mr Craig for Casino Royale in 2006. Bond role at last: Mr Fiennes was introduced in Skyfall (2012) as Gareth Mallory . Successor: Fiennes will star alongside Daniel Craig (left) after his character in the franchise succeeded Dame Judi Dench (right) as M . Mr Fiennes made his . debut in the Bond films as Gareth Mallory in Skyfall two years ago. His . character had been a senior official in the British intelligence agency, . and is promoted to the role of M after Dame Judi Dench's character is . killed. He will continue the role in Bond 24, the next film in the long-running series, which is expected to be released in 2015. Mr Fiennes will also soon star in Wes Anderson’s The Grand Budapest Hotel, which premiered at the Berlin International Film Festival earlier this year and is released in the UK this Friday. He plays Gustave H, a hotel concierge who is on a mission to prove his innocence after being framed for his father’s murder. Upcoming: Raplph plays the lead, a hotel concierge, in Wes Anderson's The Grand Budapest Hotel .
highlights: Mr Fiennes revealed that he met producers over the role in the 1990s . He implied a mutual decision led to him not being given the part . The actor now stars in the franchise as MI6 head M alongside Daniel Craig . Pierce Brosnan was instead chosen to succeed Timothy Dalton in 1995 .
id: e37dff48e9bf75d00a411066c90ec8b5ffd3ef12
chatgpt: Actor Ralph Fiennes has revealed that he met with producers in the 1990s for the chance to play James Bond, but was ultimately not given the role. Fiennes implied that it was a mutual decision between himself and the producers. The actor currently stars in the franchise as M, the head of MI6, alongside Daniel Craig. Speaking during an interview with The Telegraph, Fiennes said, "I did have a meeting with [producer] Barbara Broccoli and [producer] Michael Wilson in the '90s sometime - at the point where they were looking for new Bond. Pierce Brosnan had not taken over, and I was strongly considered for it."  Despite being in the running for the iconic role, Fiennes said that not getting the part was ultimately for the best. "I went on a long holiday and pondered it, and I thought it might be a bit of a poisoned chalice," he said. "I think that's what I felt. And I think Pierce [Brosnan] did a brilliant job."  Brosnan was ultimately chosen to succeed Timothy Dalton as Bond in 1995. He went on to star in four films over the course of his tenure, before being replaced by Daniel Craig in 2006. Craig has since starred in five Bond films, with the upcoming "No Time to Die" set to be his final outing in the role. For his part, Fiennes has become a staple of the Bond franchise in his role as M. He first appeared in the series in 2012's "Skyfall," before reprising the role in both "Spectre" and the upcoming "No Time to Die."  While he may not have played Bond himself, Fiennes said he has enjoyed being a part of the franchise nonetheless. "I'm very blessed to have the role of M in the current incarnation of Bond," he said. "I love being part of it, and I love working with Daniel [Craig] and the whole team. It's a great pleasure." Despite not getting the chance to play Bond himself, Fiennes said he had no regrets about how things turned out. "I don't regret not doing it," he said. "I really don't. I think Pierce did a fantastic job with it, and I'm really happy to be part of it in another way."