article: Rome (CNN) -- The crippled Costa Concordia cruise ship reached the end of its final voyage. Refloated by salvage crews earlier this month, the rusting hulk docked at Voltri port in the Italian city of Genoa early Sunday. The cruise ship, which ran aground in January 2012 off Giglio Island with more than 4,200 passengers aboard, was eased into a dry dock at the port for salvage. It managed to make the four-day journey in a convoy of vessels from Giglio to Genoa without major incident, despite one night of storms. According to civil protection chief Franco Gabrielli, strong winds hampered the delicate maneuvering needed to get the ship into the dry dock. One person still missing . The ship will be searched for the remains of Russel Rebello, a 33-year-old waiter who is the only victim still missing in the tragedy. A total of 32 people were killed in the disaster. Searches for Rebello are also underway in Giglio at the site where the ship had rested for the past 30 months. 'We'll die without that boat' "Hopefully this will be the start of closure for the family," salvage master Nick Sloane said from on board the Concordia. "I hope they find Russel." Environmental concerns prompted the decision to undertake the expensive and difficult process of refloating the Costa Concordia rather than taking it apart in the pristine Mediterranean waters where it ran aground. It's the largest salvage operation ever attempted, and the most expensive, at a cost of $1.5 billion so far. Dismantling to take 2 years . The lengthy process of dismantling the wrecked ship is expected to take two years. How the ship was righted . The first items to be removed will be passengers' luggage and personal effects that are still stuck on board. More than 80% of the Concordia will be recycled or reused, including copper wiring, plumbing pipes, kitchens and some of the plastic room fittings that can be repaired. The remaining 50,000 tons of steel will be melted down and sold at the market price to be used to make construction girders, cars and even other ships. Since the wreck in early 2012, 24 metric tons of debris -- including furniture, dishes, food, personal effects and ship parts -- have been recovered from the seabed. Barbie Latza Nadeau reported from Rome and Jethro Mullen wrote from Hong Kong.
highlights: The rusting ship has docked at the Italian port of Genoa . The delicate operation to get it in a dry dock was hampered by wind . Searchers now will look for the remains of the last missing victim . The process of dismantling the large vessel is expected to take two years .
id: b81131798516a4a6d9ed0c9fd1faec05aea54551
chatgpt: The rusted hulk of the Costa Concordia, the infamous cruise ship that sank off the coast of Italy in 2012, has finally made its way to a dry dock in the Italian port city of Genoa. The delicate operation to get the ship into the dry dock was hampered by high winds, but it was eventually safely secured. The Costa Concordia ran aground on January 13, 2012, off the Tuscan island of Giglio, killing 32 people. The captain, Francesco Schettino, was later found guilty of manslaughter and sentenced to 16 years in prison. After years of preparation, the ship was finally towed from its resting place off the coast of Giglio last month, on its way to be dismantled in Genoa. The ship's final journey was a slow and painstaking process, with officials and engineers monitoring it closely to ensure that it remained stable during transit. Now that the Costa Concordia is safely secured in the dry dock, the delicate work of dismantling the ship will begin. The process is expected to take up to two years, and will involve removing everything from the ship's fixtures and fittings to its massive engines and propellers. But before the work can begin in earnest, search teams will scour the ship for any remaining human remains. The Costa Concordia was the site of one of the deadliest maritime disasters of recent times, and officials are determined to give families closure by finding any remaining victims. The search for the last remaining victim will be a difficult and emotional process, but officials say they are committed to leaving no stone unturned. Once the search is complete and any remaining bodies are recovered, the work of dismantling the ship in earnest will begin. The dismantling of the Costa Concordia is a major undertaking, and one that will require the most advanced technology and engineering expertise. Despite the challenges ahead, officials say they are confident that the ship can be safely and efficiently taken apart over the next two years. The Costa Concordia disaster was a tragic reminder of the risks involved in modern travel, and its aftermath was marked by intense grief and anger. Now, as the ship moves on to its final chapter, officials and family members alike hope that this difficult journey will provide a sense of closure and healing for those affected by the tragedy.