article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 11:16 EST, 21 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 11:16 EST, 21 October 2013 . Millions of struggling families across the U.S. will be hit with more financial woes over the holidays when food stamp benefits are reduced in November. The food stamp plan, called the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, will be reducing its benefits as of November 1 because the financial boost it received during the recession-era is expiring. SNAP helps over 23 million U.S. households, totaling around 48 million people, which has steadily increased over recent years due to a weak economy and high unemployment. A girl pictured paying for her mother's groceries using Electronic Benefits Transfer (EBT) tokens, more commonly known as Food Stamps, in New York (file photo) The average monthly benefit per household is $275, according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture. This amount could drop by around $36 less per month after November 1. Exact cuts in benefits will depend on each household’s situation, but the $36 is based on a family of four with no other changes in circumstances, according to the USDA. ‘For those of us who spend $1.70 a day on a latte, this doesn’t seem like a big change, but it does kind of really highlight that millions of families are living on an extremely modest food budget’, VP for food assistance policy at the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities told NBCnews.com. The cuts will bring the benefits back in line to where they were in the mid-2000s, before being boosted during the recession. SNAP data showing households using the program and costs from June 2010 to 2013 . The aim for lawmakers is to slash their SNAP budget over years to come – with a bill passed in September by the House of Representatives to save $39 billion from SNAP over the next decade. This might see some families being cut from the program completely. Associate professor at the Friedman School of Nutrition at Tuffs University said: 'That's neither great, nor terrible. ‘We have a very spare-cash based safety net and we rely a lot on food stamps to give people the resources they need to avoid hunger.
highlights: Average monthly benefit per household is $275 - this could be cut by $36 . Benefits to be cut because boost during recession-era has expired . Lawmakers want to save $39 billion from SNAP over 10 years .
id: 01abc07f45b0f927fb36745ab29d54bbe4bb2b38
chatgpt: In a move that could impact millions of Americans, lawmakers are proposing to cut benefits under the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP), commonly known as food stamps. The proposal aims to save $39 billion over 10 years by scaling back the program's funding. One of the key changes proposed is a cut in the average monthly benefit per household from $275 to $239, reducing it by $36. This cut is a result of the expiration of a recession-era boost to the program, which increased funding for SNAP during the economic downturn. While some lawmakers argue that these cuts are necessary to reduce government spending, others are concerned that they will disproportionately affect low-income families who rely on the program for their basic needs. According to recent data, roughly 38 million people in the United States rely on SNAP to access healthy food. Critics argue that cutting benefits will only exacerbate food insecurity and poverty for those who are already struggling to make ends meet. They also point out that the proposed cuts could have a ripple effect on the economy, as families have less money to spend on other goods and services. Advocates for SNAP note that the program has been successful in providing valuable resources for low-income families, and reducing hunger and malnutrition. They argue that any effort to cut benefits should be done in a way that minimizes harm to vulnerable populations. The cuts proposed in the recent legislation could have a significant impact on households across the country. In addition to the reduction in benefits, lawmakers are also considering changes to eligibility requirements and work mandates for those who rely on the program. While it remains to be seen whether these proposed changes will be approved or not, it is clear that the future of food assistance programs in the United States remains uncertain. For families who rely on SNAP benefits to help put food on the table, the proposed changes could have significant consequences. It remains to be seen how lawmakers will balance the need for fiscal responsibility with the growing concern about hunger and poverty in the United States.