article: (CNN) -- Serena Williams is without peer in the modern women's game and now she is on a par with two American tennis legends from the past. The world No. 1 clinched her third straight U.S. Open title at Flushing Meadows on Sunday and in doing so sealed an 18th career grand slam singles title, equaling the feats of both Chris Evert and Martina Navratilova, who became a naturalized American citizen in 1975 after defecting from Czechoslovakia. It may have been a case of when and not if Williams would reach the totals amassed by her feted compatriots in the 1970s and 1980s, but the 32-year-old is still finding the achievement hard to comprehend. ""I don't know. It just doesn't seem right -- Chrissie, Martina, Serena, it's like oh my goodness!" Williams told CNN's Rachel Nichols following her 6-3 6-3 win over Denmark's Caroline Wozniacki. "It feels great because you hear these names growing up ... you don't think about yourself like that," Williams added. "You just think, I want to work hard and do the best I can. Then you start chasing titles, then you start chasing legends and it's just a great feeling." A 17-year-old Williams won her first grand slam singles titles at Flushing Meadows in 1999, beating Switzerland's Martina Hingis to become the first African American woman to win a grand slam tournament since Althea Gibson in 1958. Fifteen years on, Williams now has six U.S. Open singles titles to her name -- a feat only matched by Evert in the Open era -- to go with five titles at both the Australian Open and Wimbledon and two at the French Open. Success at this year's final slam caps a season of highs and lows for Williams who has won six WTA titles so far this year but, until now, had struggled on the biggest stage. In January, Williams exited the Australian Open in the fourth round and followed it with shock second and third round defeats at Roland Garros and Wimbledon respectively. "(It's been) a super crazy year -- I expect so much out of myself. So definitely the highs have been great. Getting the 18th (title) here at the Open -- I think it was fitting." Williams will now be eyeing Steffi Graf's Open era record of 22 grand slam singles titles. Read more: Serena Williams overpowers Caroline Wozniacki .
highlights: Serena Williams reflects on record-equaling 18th grand slam title at U.S. Open . Williams victory sees her match career totals of Chris Evert and Martina Navratilova . World No. 1 is now four off Steffi Graf's Open era tally of 22 grand slam singles titles .
id: e42a26005fa70485695ea99ce0ab9e605e2ba148
chatgpt: Serena Williams, one of the most successful tennis players in history, recently reflected on her record-equaling 18th Grand Slam title win at the U.S. Open. This important victory saw her match the career totals of legendary players Chris Evert and Martina Navratilova. After winning the Grand Slam, Serena Williams spoke about her journey and how much the title meant to her. She talked about the hard work she put in to get to the top, the sacrifices she made and the obstacles she overcame. She also thanked her supporters and fans for their unwavering support throughout her career. This win now puts Serena just four off from tying Steffi Graf's Open era tally of 22 Grand Slam singles titles. It is a feat that she is determined to achieve. "I don't have anything to prove. I just want to go out there and play for myself and for my love of the sport," she said. "But obviously, I'm motivated...I want to do the best that I can." Serena's exceptional achievements have cemented her as one of the greatest players the game has ever seen. Her talent, determination and focus have inspired many other players, both male and female, to strive for greatness. She has also been a role model for women, proving that with hard work and dedication, it is possible to overcome all obstacles and achieve one's goals. Her resilience in the face of setbacks, both on and off the court, has been a source of inspiration for many. Throughout her career, Serena Williams has consistently pushed the boundaries of what is possible in tennis. Her record-equaling 18th Grand Slam title is a testament to her unwavering commitment to the sport she loves. With so much more to achieve, Serena is sure to continue making headlines and inspiring the next generation of tennis greats.  In conclusion, Serena Williams' record-equaling victory at the U.S Open has once again highlighted her status as one of the all-time greats of the game. Amidst the numerous challenges she faced, she proved that hard work and perseverance are the keys to success. With four titles away from equaling Steffi Graf's Open era tally, the tennis world eagerly awaits her next move.