article: As plenty of parents will know, being a working mother involves making some difficult decisions. But few will have gone to quite the same lengths as handbag designer Anya Hindmarch. The businesswoman revealed yesterday that she 'fired herself' from her job because the pressure of juggling her work with raising five children became too much. Miss Hindmarch – a close friend of Samantha Cameron – made the decision to step down as chief executive of her self-titled firm, although she has remained as chief creative officer of the company. Scroll down for video . Handbag tycoon Anya Hindmarch  'fired herself' as CEO of her company because of the pressures of juggling work and her family, pictured with husband James Seymour and two of her five children, Felix and Tia . The 46-year-old, who designed the sought-after 'I am not a plastic bag' tote, said: 'I have just fired myself as CEO. 'I was CEO and obviously overseeing the creative side of the business. And I think the business had grown too big, really, for me. I was working every hour God sends and, with lots of children, that is quite hard.' Miss Hindmarch – whose popular Be A Bag range allows shoppers to personalise their designer totes and washbags with treasured family photographs – has five children aged 11 to 25 with her 59-year-old husband James Seymour, the company's financial director. She made the comments at the British Chambers of Commerce's international trade conference, where she spoke of the challenges of juggling family life with running a global multi-million pound company – admitting that her children had come to consider deep-fried chicken as 'home cooking'. The 46-year-old designed the sought-after 'I am not a plastic bag' tote (left) and Be A Bag range (right) which allows shoppers to personalise their totes and washbags with  family photographs . But despite deciding to scale back her role in the business, she insisted her family benefited from seeing her enjoy her career. She said she believed 'children remember mood more than they do actual presence', adding: 'If you are happy and you have had a really thrilling day, your children will recognise that and be very proud of you. 'So I think do what you need to do. I love working and I think my kids get out a kick out of it too and I would say include them. My children have played hide and seek for years in the basement, my stationery cupboard.' Miss Hindmarch, who was awarded an MBE in 2009, took the decision to step down as CEO three years ago, replacing herself with former Harrods and Gucci executive James McArthur. She launched her fashion label in 1987, and these days her brightly coloured leather handbags regularly sell for more than £1,000 each. The brand now has 56 stores in 17 countries, but its headquarters are still in London. Despite scaling back her business role, she insisted her family benefited from seeing her enjoy her career .
highlights: Anya Hindmarch reveals she 'fired herself' as CEO three years ago to focus on the creative side of the business . The handbag designer, still chairman and chief creative officer of her brand, has five children aged 11 to 25 with James Seymour . She made the decision to step down as chief executive of her self-titled firm . The 46-year-old designed the sought-after 'I am not a plastic bag' tote .
id: fa7c2e4b2657817f6224c618d786a0fdcec92399
chatgpt: Anya Hindmarch, the British handbag designer, has revealed that she stepped down as the CEO of her own firm three years ago in order to focus fully on the creative side of her business. The 46-year-old, who is still the chairman and chief creative officer of her eponymous brand, made the decision so that she could devote more of her time to designing and creating new products. Leaving the day-to-day running of the company to others has allowed Hindmarch to concentrate fully on the things that she enjoys the most about running her business. She is widely known for her creativity and unique designs, including the celebrated ‘I am not a plastic bag’ tote, which became a sensation when it launched in 2007. The bag, which was designed to reduce plastic waste, quickly sold out and became a symbol of sustainability and ethical fashion. Despite her success, however, Hindmarch says that she always felt that she was trying to do too many things at once, and that this was leading to a lack of focus on the areas where she could make the most impact. Speaking to reporters, she said that she realized that she needed to ‘fire herself’ in order to ensure that her creativity and innovative ideas were given the time and attention they deserved. Hindmarch has been involved in the fashion industry since she was a teenager, when she began selling handmade accessories at Camden Market in London. Her brand has since become one of the best-known and most sought-after in the world of high-end fashion, with a presence in over 50 countries around the globe. The decision to step down as CEO was not an easy one, she admits, but she felt it was necessary in order to ensure that her business remained dynamic and creative. She also had the support of her family, with whom she is famously close. She has five children, aged between 11 and 25, with her husband James Seymour, and she says that her family are a constant source of inspiration and motivation for her. Since stepping down as CEO, Hindmarch has continued to innovate and inspire, with a string of new collections and designs that have captured the attention of fashion fans around the world. She has also taken on a number of other roles, including that of non-executive director of the British Fashion Council. Despite the challenges facing the fashion industry in the wake of the Covid-19 pandemic, Hindmarch remains optimistic about the future. She sees the current crisis as an opportunity to rethink the way that fashion is produced and consumed, and to focus more on sustainable and ethical practices that benefit both people and the planet. For now, however, she is focused on creating new designs and continuing to put her own unique stamp on the world of fashion. With her creativity and vision, she is sure to remain a force to be reckoned with for years to come.