article: By . James Chapman for the Daily Mail . The validity of next year’s General Election is being called into question if the Scots vote for independence. Currently, voters north of the border are expected to be able to take part next May, meaning Labour could win a majority thanks to its dominance of Scottish constituencies. In May 2010 Labour won 41 seats in Scotland, the Lib Dems 11, the SNP six while the Conservatives secured just one MP. Scroll down for video . The validity of the 2015 General Election is being called into question because a Labour win means, led by Ed Miliband (pictured) they'd be in charge of a 'zombie government' in power thanks to Scottish MPs . But all Scottish MPs would be swept away in March 2016, when Scotland would become an independent nation. One minister said: ‘Labour could win a majority in 2015 but it would be running a zombie government which everyone knows would lose that majority less than a year later. What would happen then? Nobody seems to be thinking about these questions.’ Some MPs now suggest they will call for legislation to be introduced to postpone the election in the event of a yes vote. Former Labour MP Eric Joyce, now an independent, said the election would ‘surely be cancelled’ It would be the first time since 1940, a year into the second world war, that a general election would have been postponed. Former Labour MP Eric Joyce, now an independent, said the election would ‘surely be cancelled’, adding: ‘An English parliamentary election would be an entirely new proposition for voters south of the new border. ‘There could meanwhile be no question that, for example, Labour might win a UK election by a small majority, only to see a Tory government and prime minister take power in England without an election once the Scots had departed. 'Moreover, the notion of Scottish MPs voting on England-only matters while the whole parliament was consumed by Scots extracting themselves from the union would be nonsensical and unmanageable.’ Angus Robertson, SNP leader at Westminster, called last year for a delay in the election to allow the negotiations on separation to take place. But the House of Lords constitution select committee raised doubts about a delay, saying: ‘The extension of a parliament beyond five years ... may risk being seen by voters as self-serving, extending the time in power of the current government.’
highlights: The validity of next year's General Election is being called into question if Scotland votes for independence . Currently, voters north of the border are expected to be able to take part next May, meaning Labour could win a majority . But all Scottish MPs would be swept away in March 2016 if it goes independent . Some MPs now suggest they will call for legislation to be introduced to postpone the election in the event of a yes vote .
id: 2ba1451960c5931f471757edd644a6a4afa42452
chatgpt: The upcoming General Election in the United Kingdom is facing a potential roadblock that could jeopardize its legitimacy. The issue at hand arises from the possibility of Scotland voting for independence, which could in turn nullify the votes of Scottish MPs and call into question the outcome of the election. At present, Scottish voters are expected to take part in the General Election in May of next year. If this were to transpire and Labour were to win a majority of seats, they would be able to form a government with the help of Scottish MPs. However, if Scotland were to vote for independence, all Scottish MPs would be swept away by March of 2016, leaving a significant number of seats up for grabs. This has led some MPs to suggest that legislation may need to be introduced to postpone the General Election in the event of a yes vote for Scottish independence. Such a delay would allow time for the issue to be resolved, rather than holding an election that could be rendered invalid. The notion of postponing an election may seem extreme, but the potential ramifications of holding an election that could be called into question are considerable. Not only would it undermine the validity of the election, but it would also likely lead to uncertainty and instability at a crucial time for the country. While calls for legislation to postpone the General Election are still in the early stages, the fact that such discussions are taking place speaks to the seriousness of the situation. Members of Parliament are rightly concerned about the potential outcome of an election that could be stripped of its legitimacy, especially given the already divided political climate in the UK. It is important to note, however, that any legislation introduced to postpone the General Election would likely face significant opposition from those who feel it is not warranted. The decision to delay an election is not one to be made lightly, and requires a careful consideration of all the potential outcomes. At this point, it is impossible to predict the outcome of the Scottish independence referendum, and therefore impossible to say whether or not such legislation will be necessary. However, the mere suggestion of such a delay underscores the gravity of the situation and the importance of ensuring the legitimacy of the General Election.