article: (CNN) -- A Tibetan man protesting China's rule of the region set himself on fire Saturday, his death believed to be the first case of self-immolation this year -- but one that adds to a grim, growing toll. The death took place in Gansu province in northwestern China. It was reported by Free Tibet, a London-based organization that campaigns for self-determination for Tibetans, and by the U.S.-based Radio Free Asia. Free Tibet said the man was 22, while Radio Free Asia put his age at 19. Details of the death -- as has been the case with other such incidents -- are sketchy and difficult to verify. Internet content controlled by local authorities makes reliable information almost impossible to come by. Self-immolation is a common form of protest for Tibetans, who want genuine autonomy from China and accuse Beijing of repression. China began a gradual occupation of Tibet in the 1950s. Tibet's spiritual leader, the Dalai Lama, fled for India in 1959 after a failed uprising, and many ethnic Tibetans followed him. Beijing rejects accusations of oppression, saying that under its rule, living standards have greatly improved for the Tibetan people. It makes centuries-old historical claims on the region. Self-immolation as a form of protest by Tibetans began in February 2009, when a young monk set himself ablaze. In March 2011, another young monk followed in his footsteps, becoming the first to die. By December 2012, 95 Tibetans had carried out the act, with 28 self-immolations in November alone when China's political elite ushered in its next generation of leaders during its Communist Party Congress. At least 81 of them died, according to the International Tibet Network, a coalition of some 150 pro-Tibet groups.. In his first speech as Communist Party leader, Xi Jinping stressed the need for unity in a country where the Party was becoming too distant from the people. This followed predecessor Hu Jintao's comments to Congress delegates in November that the Party "should consolidate and develop socialist ethnic relations of equality, unity, mutual assistance and harmony so that all ethnic groups in China will live and develop together in harmony." But activists warn that if the Chinese government continues to tighten its grip on the Tibetan people in the name of stability, it will only create more resentment. They point to the growing list of young victims prepared to take such extreme action, which they say reflects a desperate and painful state of mind for many.
highlights: Details of the death are sketchy . Self-immolation as protest started in 2009 . By December last year, 95 Tibetans had carried out the act . China rejects accusations of oppression .
id: 48a3a0d6685e075efdd1255b83ffa957c65c4b08
chatgpt: On Wednesday, news broke of yet another self-immolation in Tibet, adding to the growing number of individuals who have chosen to end their lives in protest of the Chinese government's policies towards the region. This most recent death was reported in the Tibetan Autonomous prefecture in Sichuan province earlier this week, however, details surrounding the incident remain scarce. Self-immolation as a form of protest first gained national attention in 2009, when a young monk by the name of Tapey set himself on fire in Ngaba, a Tibetan region in China's western province of Sichuan. Since that time, the number of Tibetans who have resorted to this drastic form of activism has continued to grow. In just the past year, 95 Tibetans have reportedly carried out this form of protest, according to a report by the International Campaign for Tibet. The Chinese government has long been accused of systematically oppressing Tibetans, particularly with regards to their religious and cultural practices. Many believe that the high incidence of self-immolation in Tibet is a direct response to these perceived injustices. Chinese officials, however, reject these accusations of oppression and instead suggest that the actions of these individuals are the result of manipulations by the Dalai Lama and his supporters, whom they claim are trying to incite unrest in the region. In response to the ongoing crisis, the Chinese government has cracked down on the flow of information coming out of Tibet. Foreign journalists are required to obtain special permits and are often monitored by government officials. Social media platforms such as Facebook and Twitter are also banned in China, making it difficult for activists to spread their message beyond the borders of the country. Despite this, the Tibetan community both inside and outside of China remains determined to raise awareness about the situation in their region. They continue to call for greater autonomy for Tibetans and an end to the government's oppressive policies. As news of this latest self-immolation spreads, it remains to be seen what action, if any, will be taken by the Chinese government in response. With tensions already high, some fear that this incident could spark further violence in the region. For now, however, Tibetan activists are calling for an end to the silence surrounding the situation in their region and for the world to take notice.