article: (CNN) -- A Pennsylvania man has been sentenced to 45 years in prison in a deadly bank robbery plot -- described by the judge in the case as "incredibly bizarre" -- in which a pizza deliveryman died when a bomb affixed to his neck exploded. This device held a bomb to the neck of Brian Wells during a 2003 bank robbery in Erie, Pennsylvania. At the sentencing in Erie, Pennsylvania, prosecutors repeated their contention that the pizza deliveryman was involved in planning the robbery attempt but wore a live bomb only after being threatened by his co-conspirators. Kenneth Barnes, 55, of Erie, was sentenced Wednesday after he pleaded guilty in September to conspiracy to commit bank robbery and using a destructive device during a crime of violence. Prosecutors said Barnes and three co-conspirators -- one of whom was pizza deliveryman Brian Wells -- planned to rob a PNC Bank on the outskirts of Erie, and Wells, 46, carried out the robbery on August 28, 2003. Authorities said Wells walked into the bank with a pipe bomb locked to his neck and passed a note demanding money to a teller. The robbery netted about $8,700. Wells died when the bomb exploded as he sat in a parking lot after being stopped by police shortly after the robbery. The case drew national attention and was the subject of intense investigation and questions about whether Wells was a willing participant or a murder victim. Prosecutors said after Barnes' sentencing that Wells was involved in planning the robbery but balked when he realized that the bomb he was supposed to wear was real. He was threatened with a gun to make him wear the bomb, according to prosecutors. U.S. Attorney Mary Beth Buchanan called the sentence "appropriate and just," and said the contentions of Wells' family that he was not involved in the plot are "overwhelmingly" countered by evidence of meetings with Wells, Barnes and the other two co-conspirators before the robbery. One of the alleged co-conspirators is now dead and the other one, Marjorie Diehl-Armstrong, is undergoing treatment at a federal facility in Texas after the judge in the case found her mentally incompetent to stand trial. Her case will be re-examined by the court next year, said Margaret Philbin, spokeswoman for Buchanan's office. In sentencing Barnes, U.S. District Judge Sean J. McLaughlin said, "To me, the callousness and complete lack of regard for human life is, in a word, chilling. This case represents the unhappy combination of incredibly bizarre and sadly tragic."
highlights: Pizza deliveryman died when bomb affixed to his neck exploded . Prosecutors contend victim was in on plot but didn't count on live bomb . Erie, Pennsylvania, judge calls case "incredibly bizarre and sadly tragic"
id: 73f1d1dbc4c54661b4a96c3bcb9e1683ed27bae3
chatgpt: In a truly bizarre and tragic event, a pizza deliveryman in Erie, Pennsylvania, died when a bomb that was affixed to his neck exploded. According to prosecutors, the victim was actually in on the plot, but did not realize that the bomb was meant to be live. The incident occurred back in 2003, but it has recently made headlines again as the mastermind behind the scheme has been released from prison. Brian Wells, the pizza deliveryman in question, was on his last delivery of the night when he was abducted and had the bomb attached to his neck. He was then instructed to rob a bank in order to receive the key that would release the bomb from his neck. Wells followed the instructions, but was apprehended by police before he could get to the bank. Unfortunately, the bomb went off before the bomb squad could arrive, and Wells died at the scene. The case has been shrouded in mystery ever since, with questions surrounding who was behind the plot and what their motives were. Prosecutors eventually charged Marjorie Diehl-Armstrong and Kenneth Barnes, both of whom were found guilty and sentenced to life in prison. Diehl-Armstrong, who had a history of mental illness, died in prison in 2017. Barnes, who cooperated with authorities, was released from prison earlier this year. Throughout the trial, it was revealed that Wells was actually in on the plot, but did not realize that the bomb was meant to be live. Prosecutors argued that Wells was a willing participant in the robbery, but was double-crossed by his co-conspirators. It has also been suggested that Wells was coerced into participating in the plot. The case has been described as "incredibly bizarre and sadly tragic" by the judge who presided over the trial. The fact that someone would go to such lengths to rob a bank and use a bomb is truly shocking, and the fact that an innocent man lost his life in the process makes it all the more disturbing. In the years since the incident, there has been much speculation and analysis about what actually happened. Many documentaries and books have been released on the topic, and the case remains a topic of fascination for many. However, for the family and friends of Brian Wells, the pain and senselessness of his death is a reminder of the devastating impact that crime can have on innocent people.