article: Barcelona, Spain (CNN) -- I came to Mobile World Congress expected to be wowed by lots of shiny new gadgets, but I'm leaving impressed by the seemingly less sexy subject of mobile operating systems. Turns out there's a lot happening here. A lot of the buzz was focused around the Firefox OS launch on Sunday. A rival to Android, iOS and Windows Phone, it seems unlikely it will get much traction in the West. But in places where people have yet to buy a smartphone it might stand a chance -- it's intended to run on less powerful phones that are cheap to make and sell. One of the aspects of the launch that surprised most people was the number of manufacturers and network operators backing the OS. Tell us: What's your dream smartphone feature? That's a sign of how fed up those parties are getting of being told what to do by Apple and Google, and how worried they are that they are being increasingly locked out of the profits of the smartphone sector. They are lashing themselves to Firefox OS in the hope that it will lead to more money for them down the line. Also shown off for the first time was Tizen, Samsung and Intel's alternative to Android. Due later this year, Tizen has had a long history of false starts, so we were excited to take a look at it. It essentially looks a lot like Android, but seemed pretty janky to us and a long way from being ready for release to consumers. It wasn't the best of debuts for something so important. Read more: Will we ever have battery-free mobiles? But for me and the rest of the CNET team, the star of the show is something very few people will have heard of. Ubuntu Touch is an operating system for mobiles and tablets coming in October. It doesn't have the big names attached to it like Firefox OS and Tizen, but it feels a lot slicker to us. We have just named it the best of show and we're hoping that it is something we'll see in the real world very soon. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jason Jenkins .
highlights: CNET's Jason Jenkins says seemingly less sexy mobile operating systems drew his attention at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona . Firefox's OS generated some of the biggest buzz but Jenkins thinks it will struggle to gain a major following in developed countries . Unbuntu Touch, an open source operating system slated for release in October, drew praise from Jenkins .
id: c5651d3988e0db2f5c09144729578bd686472e4a
chatgpt: At the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, a handful of new and upcoming mobile operating systems were on display. While the likes of iOS and Android dominated the headlines, CNET's Jason Jenkins found himself drawn towards the lesser-known systems that were on exhibit. In particular, he was impressed with Firefox's OS and Unbuntu Touch. Firefox's OS had generated a lot of buzz leading up to the event, but Jenkins believes that it will struggle to gain a major following in developed countries. While it might be well-suited to emerging markets, Jenkins thinks that it's unlikely to have much impact in places like the United States or Europe. Despite this, Jenkins was impressed with some of the features of Firefox's OS. "It's a very visually appealing system," he said. "The icons are very clean and it's very easy to use." Unbuntu Touch, on the other hand, drew more praise from Jenkins. This open source operating system is slated for release in October, and it's built with developers in mind. Jenkins believes that this focus on developer tools will be a major draw for tech enthusiasts. "I think it's going to generate a lot of interest among developers," he said. "It's a very flexible system that allows developers to really dig in and make changes to the code." Jenkins also highlighted the fact that Unbuntu Touch is designed to work across a range of devices, including smartphones, tablets, and even desktop computers. This is a departure from the more traditional approach of developing separate operating systems for each type of device. Overall, it's clear that there's a lot of innovation happening in the world of mobile operating systems. While the likes of iOS and Android will continue to dominate the market, it's exciting to see smaller players like Firefox's OS and Unbuntu Touch making waves. It remains to be seen whether these systems will catch on in a big way, but it's clear that there's a lot of room for new ideas and new approaches in this space.