article: A fire that ripped through the $18.5 million Malibu mansion of actor Pierce Brosnan on Wednesday has caused $1million in damage. The former James Bond star and his family were home when the blaze erupted in the property's garage, calling authorities and exiting the residence when they were alerted by a smoke alarm. Some sources are now saying an appliance in the garage caused the flames. Scroll down for video . A fire that ripped through the $18.5 million Malibu mansion (above) of actor Pierce Brosnan on Wednesday has caused $1million in damage . Brosnan (above) and his family were home at the time of the blaze . When asked for comment, Brosnan said he just wanted everyone to know that he and his family were safe . KTLA reports that as many as 20 firefighters responded to the first-alarm residential fire and put the flames out within 30 minutes. As a result, only the garage and a nearby guest bedroom sustained any damage. Brosnan, who was home with wife Keely Shaye Smith and two of his sons at the time, Dylan and Paris, could be seen distraught as he spoke on his phone while firefighters put out the blaze. Investigators stayed on the scene at the 13,000 square-foot residence for hours after the blaze was put out as they tried to determine what the cause was. One neighbor, Andy Stern, claimed; 'Their last house totally burned down several years ago, then it took them several years to build this house. A concerned Pierce and his family spoke to firefighters . Some sources are now saying an appliance in the garage caused the flames . As many as 20 firefighters responded to the first-alarm residential fire and put the flames out within 30 minutes . Only the garage and a nearby guest bedroom sustained any damage . He then added; 'It’s an unusual house. Going through the permitting process and building it just took a long time.' It seems that this may not be true however, as Brosnan razed the existing property when he purchased it to build this eco-friendly beachfront abode. 'Pierce and Keely have always been dedicated environmentalists and they were determined that their dream home would set a new standard in being eco-friendly,' a source previously told The Mail on Sunday. ‘All the windows are non-glare, insulated glass and there is a centrally controlled climate and lighting system that will automatically turn off the lights if a room is left vacant for more than five minutes. 'The climate control will automatically adjust various rooms to maximise energy savings. It’s an eco palace. ‘Pierce has been actively involved in every single aspect, right down to choosing the natural recycled wood for the kitchen benches and the low-flow toilets.’ When asked for comment, Brosnan said he just wanted everyone to know that he and his family were safe. The average property on the street, with neighbors including Steven Spielberg, Goldie Hawn, Mel Gibson, Cher, Dustin Hoffman and Danny DeVito, is valued at $10million.
highlights: A fire that ripped through the $18.5 million Malibu mansion of actor Pierce Brosnan on Wednesday has caused $1million in damage . The former James Bond star and his family were home when the blaze erupted in the property's garage . Some sources are now saying an appliance in the garage caused the flames .
id: 825a4035d33ba60d3535dc253c1ba4683a00ec90
chatgpt: Malibu, California - Pierce Brosnan, the former James Bond star and his family, recently suffered a traumatic ordeal after a fire ripped through their $18.5 million Malibu mansion on Wednesday. The blaze caused over a million dollars worth of damage to the property. Thankfully, no one was harmed in the incident as the family was at home when the fire erupted in the garage. Speaking about the incident, a representative for Brosnan said, "There were no injuries, and the damage was contained to the garage." All of the fire rescue departments responded quickly to the scene and worked hard to get the flames under control. Although the garage is still under investigation, sources have indicated that it is likely that an appliance within the garage may have caused the fire. Authorities are now conducting an investigation to determine the cause of the fire, and the results will be released soon. The incident provides a good reminder for homeowners to ensure they practice safety precautions when using appliances, especially in the garage and other areas of the home where fires can spread quickly. The Brosnan family has not issued an official statement regarding the fire. However, the former James Bond star expressed gratitude for the excellent response of the emergency services responders. He said, "We are grateful to the firefighters who responded quickly to the scene and contained the blaze before it could cause further damage." According to Los Angeles County Fire Department dispatch supervisor, Art Marrujo, the incident was reported at around 9:50 p.m. on Wednesday. More than 50 firefighters and a fleet of apparatus responded to the scene, including trucks and tankers containing thousands of gallons of water. The fire was initially intense, but the firefighters managed to keep it from spreading to the main house. They worked hard to contain it, and the flames were brought under control within an hour. The mansion, which is located on a seven-acre property, boasts of five bedrooms, a swimming pool, a tennis court, and magnificent ocean views. Pierce Brosnan purchased the property, which had been listed for $16 million in 2000, from David Charvet, a Baywatch actor. The garage where the fire originated is detached from the house and is located near the main entrance to the property. In conclusion, the fire at the Malibu mansion of Pierce Brosnan has caused massive financial damage, although no one was hurt in the incident. While investigations are ongoing, the incident provides a clear reminder of the importance of safety precautions when using electrical appliances. We are glad that the firefighters quickly managed to contain the flames and prevent the incident from being even more catastrophic.