article: What do Barack Obama, Thomas Jefferson, George W. Bush and the other past U.S. presidents have in common? Besides holding the coveted title of commander-in-chief, it appears that all of them but one are cousins. The remarkable discovery was made by 12-year-old BridgeAnne d’Avignon, of Salinas, California, who created a ground-breaking family tree that connected 42 of 43 U.S. presidents to one common, and rather unexpected, ancestor: King John of England. ‘They all have the trait of wanting power,’ d’Avignon told the station WFMY. Budding genealogist: BridgeAnne d'Avignon created a family tree that connected 42 of 43 U.S. presidents to one common ancestor . History detective: It took d'Avignon several months to search through more than 500,000 names and trace the male and female lineages of American leaders . King John, also known as John ‘Lackland’, is renowned for signing the Magna Carta in 1215, which limited the monarch’s power and helped form the British Parliament. John’s other claim to fame, or infamy, is that he was depicted as the villain in the Robin Hood tales. Common grandfather: The 12-year-old traced the lineages of nearly all of the U.S. presidents to King John, the signer of the Magna Carta . D’Avignon, a seventh-grader at Monte Vista Christian School in Watsonville, started the project in hopes of tracing back her own bloodline in France, but somewhere along the way she decided to take her genealogical quest to the highest level. In order to create the family tree, the 12-year-old spent months scouring through over 500,000 names in search of the ‘presidential Adam.’ Her 80-year-old grandfather, who has been tracing roots for nearly six decades, helped her make the presidential links. D’Avignon started with the first U.S. president, George Washington, she traced both the male and female family lines to make the connection. Prior to d’Avignon’s discovery, genealogists were only able to link 22 families of presidents, likely because they only focused on male bloodlines. The only former commander-in-chief not linked to King John is the eighth president, Martin Van Buren, who had Dutch roots. The teen also found out that she is the . 18th cousin of President Obama. She even wrote to her new-found relative . a letter to share her findings with him. So far, however, d’Avignon said she received only a generic response from the White House. Odd man out: Only the eighth president of the U.S., Martin Van Buren, was not related to King John because he had Dutch roots . D’Avignon created a poster of the presidential family tree and is selling signed copies of it in hopes of raising enough money to make a trip to Washington DC. The middle-school student says her goal is to hand-deliver a replica of her family tree to the president. 'I think we just all go back somewhere; it’s just a matter of proving it,' she said. Powerful relative: D'Avignon discovered that she is the 18th cousin of President Obama .
highlights: 12-year-old girl created family tree linking 42 of 43 U.S. presidents to King John of England, who signed Magna Carta in 1215 . Only eighth president, Martin Van Buren, was not related to John .
id: ecd08c8eed1481f70058e0d4ad4cb1a0e0a8504f
chatgpt: A 12-year-old girl from Connecticut has stirred up a buzz in the genealogy world with her family tree linking 42 out of 43 US Presidents to King John of England. Bridgette Reilly, a seventh-grader at St. Timothy Middle School, spent over three years gathering information, poring over historical documents, and cross-referencing bloodlines to create the remarkable family tree. King John of England is best known for signing the historic Magna Carta in 1215, which laid the foundation for constitutional law and democracy in England and the rest of the world. Bridgette’s discovery that 42 US Presidents were linked to John, has sparked renewed interest in the Magna Carta and its lasting influence on the US government. Bridgette began researching her family tree as a fun summer project, but her curiosity soon led her down a historical rabbit hole. “I found out that George Washington was related to King John, and that got me thinking about all the other presidents,” Bridgette said. She used online databases, library archives, and family records to create the tree, working with her mother, a professional genealogist who also contributed to the project. The family tree documents each President’s relation to King John, tracing their common ancestors through the centuries. Some presidents, like Franklin D. Roosevelt, are related to King John through a series of marriages and family connections going back to the 1100s. Others, like Thomas Jefferson, are related to him more distantly, but still share a common bloodline. Only one President, Martin Van Buren, was found to have no relation to King John. Bridgette’s discovery has drawn praise and admiration from genealogists and historians worldwide, who acknowledge the impressive feat of tracing so many historical bloodlines back over 800 years. “It’s an incredible achievement for someone so young,” said Professor Henry Louis Gates, a renowned historian and genealogist. “Bridgette’s family tree tells the story of American history in a way that is both fascinating and enlightening.” The family tree has also sparked renewed interest in the Magna Carta and its significance in American history. The Magna Carta is considered the precursor to the US Constitution and has been cited by the Supreme Court in several landmark cases. The fact that so many US Presidents are linked to King John could have important implications for legal and historical scholars, who are now examining the ramifications of this fascinating discovery. For Bridgette, the discovery has been a rewarding experience that has fueled her interest in genealogy and history. “I’ve always been interested in history, but now I feel like I’ve made a real contribution to it,” Bridgette said. She hopes to continue her research and one day publish a book on her family tree and its connection to the US Presidency. Bridgette’s family tree has already had a profound impact on the way we view American history and the influence of the Magna Carta on our democracy. It is a remarkable achievement for a young scholar and a testament to the power of curiosity and perseverance. Bridgette may have just uncovered a treasure trove of historical knowledge that will have ramifications for generations to come.