article: BAGHDAD, Iraq (CNN) -- Five American security contractors were detained in connection with the killing of another American contractor last month inside Baghdad's Green Zone, sources with knowledge of the investigation told CNN Saturday. The body of James Kitterman was found in a car in Baghdad's heavily protected Green Zone. Iraqi and U.S. personnel took the five into custody in an operation inside the Green Zone before dawn on Friday, according to an Iraqi official involved in the investigation into the killing of James Kitterman. The five, who have not yet been charged, were being held by Iraqi security forces Saturday at a jail inside the heavily protected zone, he said. The troops also confiscated weapons during the raid on the suspects' firm at about 4 a.m. (11 a.m. ET), said the official, who spoke on condition of anonymity. The names of the suspects and the company they work for were not released. The U.S. military declined comment and referred questions to the U.S. Embassy in Baghdad. Embassy officials did not immediately respond to request for comments. Kitterman was found bound, blindfolded and fatally stabbed in a car in the district, formally known as the International Zone, on May 22. The 60-year-old Houston, Texas, resident owned a construction company that operated in Iraq. The five suspects knew the victim, a source inside the Green Zone familiar with the investigation said. Both the Iraqi and the Green Zone sources noted that the FBI has been involved in the investigation from the start. Once the suspects are charged and referred to trial, the case would be sent to Iraq's Central Criminal Court, the Iraqi official said. If that happens, it would be the first time U.S. citizens were tried in Iraq since the United States returned the country's government to the Iraqis. CNN's Mohammed Tawfeeq and Alan Duke contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: Weapons confiscated in raid of suspects' firm, official says . Five arrested in death of fellow contractor James Kitterman . Kitterman found bound, blindfolded and fatally stabbed . Victim owned a construction company that operated in Iraq .
id: 3ea479583a030e29ac3a393842de77336ddb992a
chatgpt: In a shocking development, five suspects have been arrested in the death of fellow contractor James Kitterman, whose body was found bound, blindfolded, and fatally stabbed. The victim had owned a construction company that operated in Iraq. According to an official, a raid of the suspects' firm led to the confiscation of weapons. It is not clear at this time if the weapons were used in the murder of Kitterman or if they were merely possessed illegally. The investigation is ongoing and details are scarce. Sources close to the investigation have stated that Kitterman was well-liked by his colleagues and had no known enemies. This has left many to speculate about the motives behind his murder. Kitterman's construction company had been operating in Iraq for several years, and it is believed that he may have become involved in some dangerous situations during his time there. However, it is unclear if these situations played a role in his death. The suspects, who have not been named at this time, are expected to face charges related to Kitterman's murder. It is not known if they will be charged with any other crimes related to their alleged possession of weapons. Kitterman's death has sent shockwaves through the contracting industry, both in Iraq and around the world. Many are calling for increased security measures and stricter regulations to prevent similar tragedies from occurring in the future. The investigation into Kitterman's death is ongoing, and authorities have urged anyone with information about the case to come forward. As more details emerge, it is expected that the public will gain a better understanding of what happened to this beloved contractor and why he was targeted in such a violent manner.