article: By . Jonathan Wynne-jones . PUBLISHED: . 11:38 EST, 15 January 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 18:14 EST, 15 January 2014 . Thieves have tried to steal the ashes of Sigmund Freud and his wife. They broke an ancient Greek urn that contained the couple’s remains after breaking into a cemetery in Golders Green, north London. The ‘irreplaceable’ urn, which was a gift to the founding father of psychoanalysis from Princess Marie Bonaparte, the great-grandniece of Napoleon, was ‘severely damaged’. The would-be thieves left empty-handed. 'Irreplaceable' urn: The urn, right, contained the remains of psychoanalyst Sigmund Freud, left. He died after asking his doctor to administer a fatal dose of morphine because his mouth cancer was inoperable . The urn was placed in the crematorium following Freud’s death in Hampstead in September 1939. He died aged 83 after asking his doctor to administer a fatal dose of morphine because his mouth cancer was inoperable. The ashes of his wife, Martha, were added to the urn when she died in 1951, aged 90. The father of psychoanalysis: Freud (pictured on the right) moved from Austria to London in 1938 and died a year later aged 83. The damaged urn has now been moved to a secure location and security is being reviewed . Sigmund Freud was born in Freiberg, now part of the Czech Republic, on May 6, 1856. He . developed psychoanalysis, a method through which an analyst unpacks a patient's . unconscious conflicts based on free associations, dreams and . fantasies. His . theories on child sexuality, libido and the ego, among other topics, were considered some of the most influential academic concepts of the 20th century. Source: www.biography.com . Detective Constable Daniel Candler said: 'This was a despicable act by a callous thief. 'Even leaving aside the financial value . of the irreplaceable urn and the historical significance of to whom it . related, the fact that someone set out to take an object knowing it . contained the last remains of a person defies belief.' A spokesman for the crematorium said the urn, which was 'severely damaged', has since been moved to a secure location and that security was now under review. The crematorium in Hoop Lane has been the scene for the funerals of many British celebrities, including authors Bram Stoker, Enid Blyton and more recently Amy Winehouse and Peter Sellers. Resting place for the famous: Enid Blyton, Peter Sellers and Bram Stoker have all been interred in the Golders Green Crematorium (pictured) in north London . Fans of Marc Bolan gather each year . to mark the anniversary of the former T Rex singer whose plaque is . alongside one of Keith Moon, The Who's drummer. Writer and campaigner Lisa Appignanesi, the chairman of the trustees of the Freud Museum, described the urn as ‘irreplaceable’. She said: ‘Freud received it as a gift from his friend and colleague Princess Marie Bonaparte.’
highlights: 2,300-year-old Greek urn found smashed in Golders Green Crematorium . 'Irreplaceable' urn contained ashes of Sigmund Freud and his wife Martha . Princess Marie Bonaparte, who was his patient, gave it to him as a gift . Urn was on public display but crematorium security now being reviewed . Famous names interred there include Amy Winehouse and Enid Blyton .
id: 86695df89500c480425dc7595175cc86879f5c9b
chatgpt: An irreplaceable 2,300-year-old Greek urn, which was reported to contain the ashes of renowned psychoanalyst Sigmund Freud and his wife Martha, has been found smashed in the grounds of Golders Green Crematorium in London. The urn was given to Freud as a gift by his patient and friend, Princess Marie Bonaparte. The vandalism of the urn has sparked outrage and a security review at the crematorium. The urn had been on public display for many years, but experts believe the break-in was a targeted attack. There have been calls for increased security at the premises and for police to investigate the crime.  The urn was of significant historical and cultural value and its loss is a huge blow. It is unclear at this stage if any remains were present in the urn but it is believed that the ashes of Sigmund Freud and his wife were contained inside. Freud is known as the father of psychoanalysis and is widely regarded as one of the most influential thinkers of the 20th century. He was born in Austria in 1856 and settled in London during the 1930s to escape Nazi persecution. He died in 1939 and his ashes were placed in the urn which was then placed on public display. Princess Marie Bonaparte was one of Freud's most famous patients and she went on to become a pioneer in the field of psychoanalysis. She was a member of the French royal family and was related to Napoleon Bonaparte. The princess was fascinated by Freud's work and developed a close friendship with him. The urn was given to Freud as a gift and became a symbol of their friendship. Golders Green Crematorium is a popular location for funerals and is the resting place for many famous names, including Amy Winehouse and Enid Blyton. The crematorium is also home to several important memorials including the Commonwealth War Graves Commission and the Holocaust Memorial Garden. The crematorium has released a statement expressing its deep sorrow at the loss of the urn, describing it as an “irreplaceable piece of cultural heritage”. The statement went on to say that the crematorium would do everything in its power to ensure that such a theft could never happen again. Police are currently investigating the break-in and have called for anyone with information to come forward. This is not the first time that Golders Green Crematorium has been targeted, and authorities are concerned that the urn’s theft highlights the need for better security measures at the site. The loss of the urn containing the ashes of Sigmund Freud and Martha Freud is a significant blow to the scientific community and to those interested in cultural heritage. The urn was a unique and historic artefact and its theft should be condemned as an act of cultural vandalism. The crematorium authorities have promised to tighten security, but it remains to be seen whether this will be enough to prevent future thefts.