article: The way Steve Cotterill planned it, by this time he’d have been managing against Premier League teams every week. Instead he leads League One Bristol City into Sunday’s live TV fourth-round FA Cup tie against West Ham rather glad to remind everybody he’s still around, and still producing teams that can win games. It was nearly 13 years ago that Cotterill  was the rising star of management. He’d taken his home town club Cheltenham from the Southern League to what is now League One, before moving to his first big club job at Stoke. Bristol City manager Steve Cotterill is preparing for the visit of West Ham in the FA Cup on Sunday . Just five months and 13 games later he walked out and went to work with Howard Wilkinson at Sunderland — and it’s been a topsy-turvy ride ever since. ‘I was impatient, I wanted to get to the top and I made bad decisions because of it,’ said Cotterill, 50. ‘But nobody quite knows the real reasons I walked away from Stoke. I didn’t have Peter Coates and Phil Rawlins running the club, I had the Icelandic owners. Even Tony Pulis left them. ‘I left after five months, but I should have left Stoke after five days. Then more people would have asked why.’ A younger Cotterill on the touchline as Stoke City manager in September 2002 . Cotterill celebrating leading Cheltenham to victory in the Division Three playoff final  in 2002 . The promise of following Wilkinson into the top job at Sunderland was never kept, and he ended up in charge of Burnley struggling in the Championship. ‘We had nothing but I made about 16million quid through cup runs and selling players. Then I couldn’t get 300 grand one day and I spat my dummy and left. Impatience again.’ From there it was Notts County, Portsmouth, Nottingham Forest and then Bristol City. So has he found the club to get back to the big time? ‘The chairman has put £50m into the team, and is putting in another £40m to rebuild the stadium. ‘Bristol definitely could host a Premier League club — about 550,000 people live here. I wouldn’t be in a hurry to walk out of this one.’
highlights: Steve Cotterill would have been hoping to be Premier League boss by now . Leads League One Bristol City in fourth round clash against West Ham . Nearly 13 years since he was rising star of management at Cheltenham . He has managed six sides since leaving his hometown club in 2002 .
id: f011fbed61007c7bc9d1a7d2322d6626adaf43f8
chatgpt: After spending nearly 13 years as a manager at various football clubs, Steve Cotterill would have hoped to be a premier league boss by now. However, he hasn't been able to achieve his dream yet. Nevertheless, he's managed to lead League One Bristol City to the fourth round of the FA Cup and is now ready to face West Ham. Cotterill's journey in football management began in 1997 when he took over Cheltenham. He quickly gained a reputation as a rising star in the world of management which led to several teams showing interest in signing him. Unfortunately, he wasn't able to replicate the same success at his new clubs. Since leaving his hometown club in 2002, Cotterill has managed six different teams, but he's yet to reach the level of success he achieved at Cheltenham. However, that hasn't stopped him from working hard and learning from his mistakes.  Bristol City fans have been impressed with Cotterill's work so far. Since taking over in December 2013, he has guided the team from the bottom of League One to promotion the following year. The club's impressive form during the current season has seen them sit in second place in the league table, five points behind leaders Burton Albion.  Cotterill's focus is now on the fourth round of the FA Cup, where his team will face West Ham at Ashton Gate. The manager believes that his side has what it takes to overcome the Premier League side, if they play to their potential. Bristol City fans will be hoping that Cotterill's experience as a manager will help them get through to the next round of the competition. They know that the manager will do everything in his power to ensure that his team is prepared for this tough encounter.  Cotterill has come a long way since his days at Cheltenham and his rise to the top of football management is not over yet. His focus is solely on Bristol City, but he has not given up on his dream of managing a top Premier League team. If he continues to work hard and make the right decisions, he may just get there one day. For now, the fans of Bristol City will be looking to him to lead their team to victory in the FA Cup.