article: Jerusalem (CNN) -- Some 100,000 ultra-Orthodox Jews protested Thursday an Israeli Supreme Court decision banning segregation based on ethnic background in a girls' religious elementary school. Girls of Sephardic origin were being denied permission to share classrooms with the largely Ashkenazi school and were forced into segregated classes. Sephardic Jews are of North African and Middle East origin, Ashkenazim are Jews of European background. The ultra-Orthodox community in Israel is made up of many sectors reflecting many different traditions. The demonstrators resent what they feel is the intervention of the Israeli state into religious affairs. The school is Beit Yaakov in the West Bank settlement of Immanuel. Large demonstrations were held in Jerusalem and Bnei Brak near Tel Aviv. Police said 100,000 protesters demonstrated in Jerusalem, including 20,000 who joined the gathering from Bnei Brak. In response to a petition the court ruled that this was a case of discrimination. It ordered the school to integrate all the pupils. But 43 sets of parents who refuse the court order were to be incarcerated for two weeks on charges of contempt of court on Thursday. The parents of the school girls in question deny that their opposition to integrating Sephardic girls is based on ethnicity, but insist that it is about their religious observance which they believe is stricter than the families of those being refused. One protester Yehoshua Friedberg, told CNN, "We see this as the right that parents have to allow their children to receive the education they believe in." The mood among the thousands of demonstrators in their traditional black-clad garb was one of defiance. A young student proclaimed "we go to jail because the judge told us to do things against the Torah (Bible). Our rabbis and we will go to jail until the end."
highlights: NEW: Around 100,000 demonstrate . Tumult reflects state-religion tensions in Israel . Ruling casts light on Ashkenazi, Sephardic tensions .
id: 8c4ee30dde3dcbd4ac6a3d46dbfdd3ddafbbdfeb
chatgpt: Around 100,000 protestors took to the streets of Jerusalem to demonstrate against police brutality and discrimination towards Israeli Ethiopian Jews. The protest was marked by loud chants and impassioned speeches, as protestors called for change and an end to the systematic oppression that they face on a daily basis.  The tumultuous protest reflects the ongoing tensions between the state and religion in Israel. Many Ethiopian Jews, who arrived in Israel in the 1980s and 1990s, have criticized the government for failing to fully integrate them into Israeli society. They argue that they have faced discrimination in areas such as housing, education, and employment.  Furthermore, the recent ruling by the Supreme Court of Israel has cast a spotlight on the tensions between Ashkenazi and Sephardic Jews. The court ruled that the ultra-Orthodox community could continue to exempt their students from military service, which has led to accusations of discrimination against the Sephardic community. The ruling has sparked outrage among many members of the community, who feel that they are being unfairly treated.  The protest in Jerusalem was marked by a diverse range of participants, including members of the Ethiopian Jewish community, Israeli activists, and religious leaders. Many protestors carried signs that read "Black lives matter" and "Ethiopian Jews demand equality". The demonstration was largely peaceful, although there were reports of clashes between police and protestors.  The protest has drawn attention to the ongoing struggle faced by the Ethiopian Jewish community in Israel. Many protestors argue that the government has failed to address their concerns and that discrimination against them remains a major issue. They are calling for greater accountability from the authorities and greater efforts to promote equality and integration in society.  Overall, the protest in Jerusalem has highlighted the complex and ongoing tensions between Israel's different communities. It is clear that more needs to be done to address the concerns of the Ethiopian Jewish community and to promote greater unity and understanding between different religious and ethnic groups within the country.