article: (CNN) -- Family, friends and classmates turned to prayer and Facebook on Wednesday amid an ongoing search in upstate New York for a missing college student. Jenni-Lyn Watson, 20, of Liverpool, was last seen Friday morning at her family's home, said Sgt. Robert Marshall of the Onondaga County Sheriff's Office. Watson was on a Thanksgiving break from Mercyhurst College in Erie, Pennsylvania. Liverpool is a suburb of Syracuse. "This [disappearance] is extremely uncharacteristic for Jenni-Lynn," said Marshall. Watson's parents reported her missing Friday night. The college junior's purse and other personal items were found at the home, but a Verizon LG enV3 phone is missing. One call was made on the phone from a heavily wooded area near other residences, said Marshall, who declined to provide details. The phone has since been turned off or is not operating, he said. Authorities are looking at records of Watson's cell phone calls. "We're still looking at everything," spokesman Sgt. John D'Eredita said Wednesday night. Detectives are following leads from numerous phone calls, but D'Eredita was not aware of any sightings of the young student. Authorities consider Watson's disappearance a missing-person case, Marshall said. Detectives traveled to Mercyhurst, where they met with faculty and staff, the Onandaga County Sheriff's Office said. Searchers had covered about 600 acres by Wednesday evening. Sheriff's deputies are trying to identify the driver of a dark pickup truck that was seen near her residence the day Watson disappeared, D'Eredita said. Watson is described as 5 feet, 2 inches tall and weighing about 100 pounds. She has dirty blond hair and brown eyes. As of Wednesday afternoon, when simultaneous vigils were held for Watson, nearly 21,000 people had become members of a Facebook page about her disappearance. One of the church vigils was organized by the family; the other was held in a chapel at Mercyhurst College, a Catholic institution. "It was amazing today to see the turnout during fall break," college spokeswoman Debbie Morton said of the vigil held there. About 200 people attended, including members of the football team, which has a NCAA Division II game this weekend. "You felt overwhelming worry, but you still felt there was reason to hope," Morton said. Watson is a dance major and ballet dancer at Mercyhurst. "It is a highly disciplined area," Morton said of Watson's field of study. Authorities asked people with information to call 315-435-3081. CNN's Phil Gast contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: Authorities looking at cell phone records . Simultaneous prayer vigils are held . College student disappears while on Thanksgiving break . Searchers are looking for Jenni-Lyn Watson near Syracuse, New York .
id: e65ed1ef4fef86986c4466f29a435ae7cc8fa239
chatgpt: Authorities are piecing together clues to determine the whereabouts of a college student who vanished during her Thanksgiving break. The disappearance of 20-year-old Jenni-Lyn Watson has drawn concern from family, friends, and authorities, sparking widespread searches in an effort to determine her fate. The case, which has been ongoing for several days, centers around the young woman's disappearance from her Liverpool, New York, residence. Watson was last heard from on Friday, November 19th. Her cell phone records are being closely examined for any potential leads. Simultaneously, a series of prayer vigils have been held throughout the region in support of Watson's safe return. Friends and supporters have turned to social media platforms such as Facebook and Twitter to spread the word and aid in the search. The search has been challenging due to the large area that must be covered. The region in and around Syracuse is vast and includes many wooded and rural areas. Temperatures have been cool, and there have been intermittent snow flurries in the area. Watson, who is said to be an artistic and talented dancer, was home from Mercyhurst College for the holiday break. She did not show up for an appointment with a choreographer, which initially caused concern among friends and family. They sprang into action to see if they could locate the young woman, who is described as being 5'4" tall and weighing approximately 100 pounds with brown hair and hazel eyes. Watson's family has expressed hope that the young woman will be located safe and sound soon. They have urged anyone with any information that may lead to her whereabouts to come forward and contact authorities. Authorities have said that they will exhaust all leads and do everything in their power to locate Watson. Law enforcement agencies, including the FBI, have been involved in the search, which is being conducted on a 24-hour basis until she is located. As the search continues, the community remains on edge and deeply concerned about Watson's wellbeing. Prayers are pouring in from around the country, and social media has been flooded with messages of support and encouragement. For now, Watson's loved ones continue to hope and pray that she will be found safe and sound, and they urge anyone with any information to come forward and aid in the search.