article: By . Mark Duell . Last updated at 2:44 PM on 21st February 2012 . If you’ve ever visited New York City then it’s likely you had to put up with a noisy TV in the back of a cab as you made your way somewhere. But that could all change soon as a private company has proposed removing the current screens and replacing them with Apple iPad tablets. The screens were installed in 2007 and play local news and adverts, but the proposal from Square in San Francisco, California, could change that. Inside: The taxi screens were installed in 2007 and play local news and adverts, but the proposal from Square in San Francisco could replace them with iPads . ‘It’s all the same garbage over and over,’ taxi driver Orlando Morales told the New York Post. ‘It drives me nuts listening to this s**t.’ The bid and proposal for a pilot of 50 tablet computers in city cabs is being heard by the Taxi and Limousine Commission next Thursday. A survey last February revealed 31 per cent of passengers think current screens, which also feature local maps, are the worst part of a cab ride. Taxi drivers would not only benefit from . less noise, but also pay less commission when passengers use their . credit cards to cover a journey. The cabbies currently pay five per cent but this would drop to 2.75 per cent if the deal with Square goes through, reported the New York Post. iPad future? The bid and proposal for a pilot of 50 tablet computers in city cabs is being heard by the Taxi and Limousine Commission next Thursday . Taxi driver Amrit Singh said this is ‘one of the best things they can do for us right now’ and would save him a whopping $2,000 a year. 'It’s all the same garbage over and over. It drives me nuts listening to this s**t' Orlando Morales, taxi driver . ‘Now I can give that money to my kids,’ Mr Singh, 51, told the New York Post. ‘And we really need that. It would be a great help.’ Square is considering which apps and games to make available to passengers, some of whom say the whole thing is a huge waste of money. But a spokesman for the company told the New York Post its system is ‘simple’, ‘cost-effective’ and ‘meets the specific needs of NYC taxi drivers’.
highlights: Switch to iPads proposed by California firm as pilot . Screens installed in 2007 but still drive cabbies mad . Third of passengers say they're the worst part of ride . Deal with Square would also cut commission costs . Some drivers say this could save them $2,000 a year .
id: 5069f8ddc67c63b28b7c2dec2e5c9938a64fd608
chatgpt: A California company has proposed a pilot program to switch taxicabs' screens from their current dedicated devices to iPads. The current screens, which were installed in 2007, are causing frustration among drivers and passengers alike. According to a recent survey, one third of passengers say that the screens are the worst part of the ride, while drivers complain that they are difficult to use and don't provide enough information.  The proposal to switch to iPads comes from a deal with Square, which would also cut commission costs. The plan would allow drivers to use their own iPads, which they could purchase for as little as $329, rather than having to use the dedicated screens that they are currently provided with. Some drivers estimate that this could save them up to $2,000 a year. While the proposal has generated some enthusiasm among drivers, as a way to save money and reduce frustration, there are also concerns about the feasibility of the program. Drivers worry that iPads will be more easily stolen than the current screens, and that they will be more difficult to navigate within the busy environment of a taxicab. It is also unclear how the iPads would be secured to prevent them from becoming flying projectiles in an accident. Despite these concerns, the proposal is being viewed as a step in the right direction by many in the taxi industry. In an increasingly technology-driven society, it makes sense to move away from the clunky, outdated screens that have been causing problems for both drivers and passengers. The deal with Square, which would also cut commission costs, is viewed as a further win for drivers struggling to make ends meet in an increasingly competitive market. Legal experts are split on the issue, with some suggesting that the switch to iPads could expose drivers to liability in the event of an accident. It is also unclear how the California Public Utilities Commission, which regulates the taxi industry, will view the proposal. While some believe it could be a way to modernize the industry and make it more competitive in the face of ride-sharing services like Uber and Lyft, others worry that it could create a host of new complications that will be difficult to navigate. Despite these concerns, however, many drivers seem excited about the prospect of ditching their old screens and embracing the new technology provided by iPads. If the proposal is successful, it could be seen as a model for other taxi companies looking to modernize and improve their services in the years ahead.