article: Arsene Wenger says Arsenal, Chelsea and Liverpool are upset at not winning the Premier League. Manchester City all but sealed a second championship in three years by thrashing Aston Villa on Wednesday night. The Gunners were top of the table for the most days out of any side this season but fell away when the season neared its climax. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Wenger: We were top for 128 days but failed in big games . Fell away: But Arsene Wenger says it is the other challengers who are frustrated at not winning the title . Arsenal 128 . Chelsea 64 . Liverpool 59 . Man City 11 . Man Utd 2 . Speaking at his press conference ahead of the season's final game at virtually-relegated Norwich on Sunday, Wenger said: 'Every other team in the top four will be frustrated by not winning the league this year. 'We have been top 128 days but we failed in some big games in away from home.' Arsenal were top until February, but shipping 17 goals in their three away games against the top three put paid to their status as title challengers. Happier times: Olivier Giroud (left) and Santi Cazorla celebrate against Fulham with Arsenal top of the league . Down and out: Mikel Arteta, Per Mertesacker and Wojciech Szczesny in the 6-0 defeat at Chelsea . Wenger, however, said that next season his side need to score more goals. He said: 'It's been a very interesting title race. You feel Liverpool were very unlucky because they had a fantastic second half of the season. 'City and Liverpool's offensive potential has been fantastic. That's where we need to improve.' Roaring away: Edin Dzeko fired City to a 4-0 win on Wednesday, all but sealing the Premier League title . Talisman: Luis Suarez celebrates at Crystal Palace before Liverpool stuttered at the final hurdle . Vital: Chelsea stars Gary Cahill (left) and Frank Lampard celebrate winning at Anfield .
highlights: Arsene Wenger admits he is frustrated at not winning the league . Manchester City now on the brink of claiming the title . Arsenal have been top the most days of any side this season .
id: 02808f550f2b7164e8df253c1f6f46702b737db0
chatgpt: Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has expressed his frustration at his team's inability to win the Premier League this season. With Manchester City now on the brink of claiming the title, Wenger conceded that his side's performances have fallen short of what was required to win the league.  The Gunners have been top of the league for the most number of days this season but have failed to capitalize on their strong start to the campaign. This has been a recurrent problem for the North London side, who have not won the title since the 2003/04 season.  Wenger, who has managed Arsenal for 22 years, is under increasing pressure from fans to deliver silverware, and his latest comments will do little to quell their concerns. Speaking after Arsenal's 2-1 defeat to Newcastle United on Sunday, Wenger said, "We're frustrated because we're not winning the league. We have been top of the league the most days of any other team this season, but we haven't been able to sustain it."  Arsenal currently sit in sixth place in the Premier League table, nineteen points behind leaders Manchester City. However, Wenger maintains that his team will continue to fight until the end of the season. "We're not giving up," he said. "We're fighting for every point and we want to finish as high as we can. But it's not been enough this season."  Meanwhile, Manchester City are on the verge of being crowned champions after their 3-1 victory over Tottenham on Saturday. Pep Guardiola's side need just three more points to secure the title and could do so as early as next weekend if they beat Swansea City.  The Citizens have been in outstanding form this season, losing just twice all campaign and setting a new record for most consecutive victories in the Premier League (18). They have been widely praised for their attacking football and are widely regarded as one of the best teams to ever grace the Premier League.  For Arsenal, the focus now turns to the Europa League, as they prepare for their semi-final clash against Atletico Madrid. The competition represents their best chance of winning silverware this season, and Wenger will be hopeful that his team can deliver on the European stage.