article: Record-breaking goose has delighted her farmer by laying ten times more eggs than normal and is now on course for early retirement. Gloucestershire farmer Bill Osborne, 69, adores his goose called Lucy who has popped one out every other day for the last three months. Farmyard geese normally lay a clutch of around 15 eggs in Spring and then no more for the rest of the year. Grateful: Mr Osborne is happy to keep his goose Lucy as a pet when she retires . Delighted: Farmer Bill Osborne, 69, whose goose Lucy has laid a record breaking number of eggs . But Mr Osborne was shocked and delighted when he discovered Lucy had started laying out of season in October. Since then the mother goose hasn’t stopped - laying an egg without fail every other day for the past four months. Two-year-old Lucy has kept Mr Osborne and his wife Sue busy collecting eggs through the winter - and making a mountain of cakes and omelettes. The farmer said: 'I have had poultry all my life and I’ve never had a bird do this before. Lucy laid 15 eggs in February but left her nest after a month. 'Then in October she began laying eggs out of nowhere - we’ve had one every other day without fail since then. Broody: record-breaking Lucy who has been laying ten times more eggs than other less prolific geese . Lucy is not your average goose as she is an Embden breed, traditionally heavier and larger than a typical goose bred for commercial output. 'So far she’s laid more than 70 eggs and that’s just the ones we know about. 'She also goes off to lay eggs by the hedge in the field but the crows get to them before we do.' Geese are born with all the eggs they will ever lay already inside them as undeveloped yolks. But with Lucy laying at her current record-breaking rate she may run out of eggs within a few years. Mr Osborne, who farms in Lydney, Gloucestershire, said: 'I am just wondering how long she will keep it up. 'Geese normally go on laying for . around 16 years but Lucy could finish her lifetime supply of eggs in the . next three years - and she is only four-years-old now. 'If that happens then we will keep her as a pet - I think she will have earned an early retirement after all that.' Denise . Moss, secretary of the Goose Club of Great Britain, said she had never . heard of an Embden goose like Lucy laying so many eggs. She said: 'That is most unusual in an Embden. Most geese lay from February to May. 'Other breeds will quite often lay a clutch in October but we’ve never heard of an Embden laying so well and for so long.' Early retirement: Lucy could finish her lifetime supply of eggs in the next three years . Omelettes: Mr Osborne and his family are never short of eggs for breakfast thanks to Lucy .
highlights: Gloucestershire farmer Bill Osborne, 69, is delighted with his goose . Lucy has laid over 70 eggs out of season through winter . Farmyard geese normally lay a clutch of around 15 eggs in Spring .
id: 759b8d5c41824d17ab868ab0d00780a3feaa0a7c
chatgpt: A Gloucestershire farmer named Bill Osborne, 69, is overjoyed with his exceptionally productive goose named Lucy. This seasonal wonder has managed to lay over 70 eggs throughout the winter, greatly surpassing the average clutch size of 15 eggs that most farmyard geese lay in the spring. The intensive egg-laying of Lucy has taken everyone in the region by surprise, and Mr. Osborne could not be happier with his wonderful feathered friend. He mentions that Lucy is one of his best egg-layers, and he has never seen anything like this in his many years of farming. Mr. Osborne believes that the secret to Lucy's success may be the quality of the food she is eating. He mentions that he and his wife have been feeding their geese with a diet rich in nutrients to ensure they are healthy and happy. This, according to him, may be the key factor behind Lucy's prolific egg-laying. In an interview with the local press, Mr. Osborne said, 'Lucy has been laying eggs like a machine. We have never seen anything like this before. She is by far our best egg-laying goose, and it is all off-season. It just goes to show that a well-balanced diet and good living conditions can work wonders.' Mr. Osborne's farm in Gloucestershire has become somewhat of a spectacle since news of Lucy's impressive egg-laying began to spread. Many curious locals have been coming to the farm to see Lucy and to learn more about what makes her so special. The farmer has taken this newfound interest in his farm to heart and has begun to offer tours of his property to show off his impressive geese. While he is hesitant to take all the credit for Lucy's success, he believes that his farm's method of raising and nurturing geese has contributed to her unexpected performance. Lucy's impressive egg-laying may be just the beginning for Mr. Osborne's farm as well. The farmer suggests that there may be more secrets waiting to be uncovered as they continue to refine their approach and experiment with different diets for their geese. For now, however, Mr. Osborne and his family are focused on enjoying Lucy's exceptional skills and sharing them with anyone who cares to see. Lucy's fame has put the small farm on the map, and the farmer is grateful for the opportunity to showcase his farm's products and practices. In conclusion, it is not every day that one comes across such unexpected news like Mr. Osborne's exceptional goose, Lucy. Her impressive egg-laying skills have captured the attention of many and put Gloucestershire on the map. As the farmer himself says, this serves as a testament to the fact that a well-balanced diet and good living conditions can work wonders, and who knows what other secrets the farm has yet to unearth.