article: Sunderland ended their pre-season tour of Portugal with a 0-0 draw against Vitoria Setubal in Albufeira. The Black Cats recovered from their narrow defeat to CD Nacional last time out as they avoided a similar result against Setubal, however in truth it was a dull affair with few chances of note. The Premier League side were very unfortunate not to receive a penalty in the second period after Adam Johnson appeared to be taken down in the box, but his protests were waved away. Find a way: Emanuel Giaccherini tries to find a way past the Setubal defence . Applause: Steven Fletcher applauds the travelling Sunderland faithful in Portugal . Sunderland: Pantilimon, Mavrias, O’Shea, Roberge, van Aanholt, Bridcutt, Gomez, Giaccherini (Ba 76), Johnson, Wickham, Fletcher (N’Diaye 59). Vitoria Setubal: Ricardo Baptista, Venancio, Joao, Paulo Tavares, Giovani, Miguel Pedro, Marcos, Quieros, Dani, Ney, Ziquinha. Subs not used: Cattermole, Brown, Dixon. The former Manchester City winger also went closest to breaking the deadlock when his long-range effort went just wide of goal. After a quiet opening it was the home side who showed the first signs of threatening to break the deadlock, having the ball in the net as early as the 12th minute through Giovani - but the goal was correctly ruled out for offside. Just minutes later the hosts were again unfortunate not to take the lead when Queiros' effort was brilliantly blocked by Costel Pantilimon at point blank range. The visitors stepped up their game slightly in the second half, with Johnson's long-range strike inches away from giving the Black Cats the lead. Poyet's side ended their three-match tour with a win, defeat and a draw, scoring one goal in the process. Sunderland face friendlies against Real Betis and Udinese before their season opener away at West Brom in a fortnight.
highlights: Gus Poyet's side managed a draw at the Estadio Muncipal de Albufeira . Sunderland had previously drawn and won in their first two tour games . The Black Cats were unfortunate not to get a penalty in the second half when Adam Johnson was taken down in the box .
id: e54b2df7838960ab10ba1ea29049d32276db89e8
chatgpt: Sunderland secured a draw in their third pre-season tour game against Portuguese side FC Arouca at the Estadio Municipal de Albufeira. Gus Poyet's men were hoping to continue their impressive run of form after having previously drawn and won their first two tour games. The Black Cats started brightly with an early goal from Connor Wickham, his first of the tour, but were pegged back later in the first half when Arouca equalized through an own goal by John O'Shea. Sunderland had several chances to retake the lead, but were unable to find the back of the net. The closest they came was in the second half when Adam Johnson was taken down in the box, but the referee waved play on, much to the frustration of the Sunderland players and coaching staff. Despite their disappointment at not being awarded a penalty, Poyet and his team will take a lot of positives from the game. They controlled possession well and created several clear-cut chances, particularly in the second half. Speaking after the game, Poyet said: "It was another good workout for us. We played some good football and created a number of chances. It was just unfortunate that we weren't able to take them. We deserved a penalty in the second half, but that's football. Sometimes decisions go your way, sometimes they don't." Sunderland will be hoping to continue their preparations for the upcoming Premier League season with another strong performance in their next tour game against Italian side Udinese. They will no doubt be looking to build on their impressive run of form in pre-season and carry that momentum into the new campaign. Overall, while Sunderland may be disappointed with not securing the win, their performance in the draw against Arouca was a positive sign for their fans as they continue their preparations for the upcoming season.