article: Kashmiris were glued to their mobiles today after the authorities in the restive Indian state revoked a ban on text messages. The four-year-old SMS ban was introduced in response to political unrest in Jammu and Kashmir, an autonomous Indian state, parts of which are disputed by Pakistan. The ban has now been lifted, at least partly because of improvements in the security situation. Some observers say that the state government is also wooing voters ahead of elections later this year. :-) Indian students use their mobile phones to send a texts in Jammu, the winter capital of Kashmir after local government lifted the ban on Short Messaging Services (SMS) on prepaid cell phone subscribers . Chief Minister Omar Abdullah instructed telephone companies to restore the service from today, a government spokesman told BBC News. The ban had affected only users of pre-paid mobile phone packages, but with 70 per cent of Jammu and Kashmir's mobile users on such plans it had wide-ranging effects. A blanket ban on texting was imposed in 2010 when the murders of three Muslim civilians by the Indian army led to massive street protests which descended into riots that shook the Kashmir Valley. There were claims that mass text messages were being used to to spread rumours which were whipping up emotions among protesters during the unrest. Then ban was lifted for mobile users on contracts six months later, but pay-as-you-go customers were still restricted. The decision to revoke the ban comes days after Mr Abdullah - who is half British and was born in Essex - sought policy proposals over social in a bid to win over electorate before assembly elections. 'The government was already considering this,' Tanvir Sadiq, an adviser to Mr Abdullah, told the BBC. 'All aspects were reviewed and it was found that the security situation has improved and there was no need to keep the text messaging blocked.' But it also became clear that the ban had outlived its usefulness now that a range of smartphone apps which offer users alternative ways to communicate. Suresh Kumar, Jammu and Kashmir home secretary, told dna India: 'There was no relevance of ban since there are other ways like WhatsApp services available.' Labourers hold the banner of a mobile network company advertising SMS to pay-as-you-go customers after the ban was lifted today in response to public demand and in advance of regional elections later this year . Kashmiris had also taken to the streets in protests against the ban organised by opposition leader Mehbooba Mufti, and various rights groups had challenged it in court. Jammu and Kashmir is the only state in India which enjoys special autonomy from the central government. It has been in the grip of an anti-Indian insurgency since 1989 and has been the spark for at least three wars with Pakistan, which disputes Indian control of the territory.
highlights: Authorities say improvements in security prompted the lifting of the ban . But it also comes ahead of local elections slated for later this year . Ban was imposed after riots in 2010 following murders by Indian soldiers . It was widely opposed by Kashmiris, who protested against it in the streets .
id: 63a2064cf4f63454343ba639d7cee7485f58f7f3
chatgpt: Jammu and Kashmir, India - After almost a decade, authorities in the Indian-administered territory of Jammu and Kashmir have lifted the ban on high-speed 4G mobile internet services, citing significant improvements in security. The ban was imposed in 2016 following riots in 2010, which were sparked after Indian soldiers murdered three civilians in the town of Machil. The ban on high-speed internet services had been a contentious issue in the region as it impacted the lives of thousands of locals who relied heavily on the internet, particularly for business and education. People took to the streets to protest against the ban, arguing that it had adversely affected their lives and livelihoods. While the move to lift the ban has been welcomed by a section of the population, it has also come under sharp criticism from some quarters. Many believe that the timing of the move, which comes ahead of local elections in Jammu and Kashmir, is no coincidence. According to analysts, political parties in the region see access to the internet, particularly high-speed services, as an important factor in mobilising voters. With local elections slated for later this year, parties are already gearing up for campaigns and the lifting of the ban on high-speed internet is seen as an important tool. Moreover, with the ongoing pandemic, access to fast and reliable internet services has become more critical than ever before. The ban had made it difficult for people to access telemedicine, online education, and other essential services that have become a part of daily life due to the pandemic. However, concerns have been raised that lifting the ban could also lead to the spread of misinformation and the incitement of violence. In a region that has seen decades of violence and conflict, security continues to be a significant concern, and there are fears that lifting the ban on high-speed internet could make it easier for extremist groups to recruit members and propagate their ideologies. The lifting of the ban on high-speed internet is a significant decision and one that will have far-reaching implications for the people of Jammu and Kashmir. While it is a welcome move, there are concerns that need to be addressed to ensure that access to the internet does not lead to further unrest and violence in the region. As the world becomes increasingly connected, access to the internet is no longer a luxury but a necessity. The lifting of the ban on high-speed internet in Jammu and Kashmir is a step in the right direction, but it is only the first step towards a truly connected and empowered population.