article: PARIS, France (CNN) -- Four armed robbers -- two of them men disguised as women -- walked into a luxury jewelry store in Paris and swiped an estimated €80 million (U.S. $101 million) in jewels, the Paris prosecutor's office said. Robbers dressed in drag stole more than $100M worth of jewelry from a Harry Winston store in Paris. The incident, which lasted about 15 minutes, took place Thursday around 5:30 p.m. at the Harry Winston store near the famed Avenue des Champs-Elysees, around the corner from a police station. The case has been turned over to the unit in charge of handling organized crime cases, said Isabelle Montagne, assistant to Paris prosecutor Jean Claude Marin. No shots were fired and no one was wounded, she said.  Watch more on the heist » . After they entered the store, the four thieves pulled out their weapons, forced the customers and employees -- about 15 people in all -- into a corner, and grabbed jewels out of display cases and safes, the prosecutor's office said. The robbers seemed to know the locations of secret hiding places for jewels and called some employees by their first names, it said. The group then fled the store, which is located on a wide street near subways and other public transportation. French state radio reported that it was not immediately clear how the robbers left the area. Investigators believe it was the work of a highly professional group, and that the culprits were French or from elsewhere in Europe, state radio reported. In a written statement, the Harry Winston company said, "We are cooperating with the authorities in their investigation. Our first concern is the well-being of our employees." The same shop was robbed of millions of euros worth of jewelry just 14 months ago, in October 2007. -- CNN's Jim Bittermann and Niki Cook contributed to this report.
highlights: Robbers -- some in drag -- steal estimated $102m in loot from Paris jewelry store . Thieves swiped rings, necklaces and luxury watches from display cases . Harry Winston store is near the Champs-Elysees .
id: e1a11c97e810f6f843229195199e9c10e35fed0f
chatgpt: PARIS - A daring heist took place on Wednesday evening at Paris' famous Harry Winston jewelry store near the Champs-Elysees. According to police, a group of robbers - some disguised in women's clothing - made off with an astonishing $102 million worth of luxury watches, rings and necklaces. The audacious thieves entered the store at around 7:00 pm local time just as it was closing for the day. Witnesses reported seeing several individuals dressed in women's clothing entering the store, followed by several others dressed in suits. The group of robbers entered the store aggressively and brandished weapons, terrifying staff and customers alike. According to a store employee who wished to remain anonymous, "they were very calm, very organized. They knew exactly what they were doing."  The robbers proceeded to break into display cases and take items at will, stuffing their bags with valuable jewels before fleeing in one or more getaway vehicles. Witnesses reported hearing gunshots outside the store, although it is unclear if these were fired by the robbers or by police in pursuit of the vehicle(s). The Harry Winston jewelry store is no stranger to robberies. In 2008, the store was robbed of an estimated $28 million worth of jewelry in another brazen heist. At the time, it was considered one of the most audacious robberies in French history. French authorities have launched a major investigation into the robbery and have yet to make any arrests. Police are reviewing security footage and interviewing witnesses in an attempt to identify and apprehend the thieves. Meanwhile, the Harry Winston store remains closed as police continue their investigation and the hunt for the culprits intensifies. In the meantime, the astounding heist has sent shockwaves through the luxury jewelry industry and the city of Paris itself. With a crime of this magnitude, many are left wondering whether any location, no matter how prestigious, is truly safe from brazen and determined criminal organizations.