article: Matt Prior has taken a step back from England duty for the rest of the summer due to injury. The . 32-year-old revealed that he has a series of complaints which are . hampering his performances and he expects to go under the knife to sort . out his Achilles during the break. 'I'm not doing justice to myself and more importantly the team and that is what matters first and foremost,' he said. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Slow motion footage of Matt Prior and reaction from Cook . Glum: England wicketkeeper Matt Prior on the balcony at Lord's on Monday . 'I tore my quad before the first Test and my right hand has been beaten to a pulp, but the main issue is the Achilles. 'Now we have the time, I want to be pro-active about how we deal with it so I imagine that I'll have an operation. 'I've always said as long as I can do my job I will manage the pain and get on with it, but it has now got to the point where I can't do my job to the level I expect of myself.' Prior, who earned the first of 79 England Test caps against the West Indies in 2007, acknowledged that the decision could effectively end his international career. Setback: Prior was out in disappointing fashion as England slumped to defeat against India . 'It is a huge decision and not one I've taken lightly obviously because I could have played my last game,' he added. The . Sussex wicketkeeper has come under fire during an England slump which . extended to 10 Tests without a win on Monday as India triumphed by 95 . runs at Lord's, with Prior only managing 12 runs in the second innings . as Ishant Sharma tore through England's middle order. Prior says he . has made the decision for the good of the team and has wished whoever . comes in to replace him - likely to be Lancashire's Jos Buttler - the . best of luck. 'I've made my decision for the good of the team and . whoever comes in I genuinely wish them the best of luck and hope they go . well and perform and help the team win. That is all I want,' he said. 'If . that happens and I don't play again, then that was my lot. I'll be . disappointed because there are a few things that I wanted to achieve and . thought I would, but I can also look back and know I did some pretty . good things.' VIDEO Dhoni salutes 'memorable' Lord's win .
highlights: Matt Prior to have an operation . on achilles injury . England wicketkeeper also struggling with thigh and hand injuries . Prior will miss rest of summer series against India .
id: 81f5e2f5acb50b0b99941b20caba865640ca59ac
chatgpt: England wicketkeeper-batsman Matt Prior has been ruled out of the remainder of the summer series against India due to an Achilles injury. The 32-year-old had been struggling with a number of injuries, including thigh and hand knocks that have impacted his performance. Prior will now undergo surgery to repair the Achilles injury, which is expected to keep him out of action for a significant period of time. The wicketkeeper has been struggling with fitness issues for some time now and it is hoped that this surgery will help him recover properly. Speaking about his injury, Prior said, "It's incredibly frustrating to be leaving the tour and returning home early but I know it's the right decision to have the operation now. I've been struggling with a number of injuries and it's important for me to get back to full fitness before returning to the field." England captain Alastair Cook expressed his disappointment at losing Prior for the rest of the series. He said, "Matt is a key player in our squad and it's obviously a blow to lose him for the rest of the summer. He's a key part of our team and we wish him a swift and successful recovery." Despite his recent injuries, Prior has been a mainstay of the England team for many years, having made his debut in 2007. He was a pivotal member of the side that won the Ashes series in 2009 and 2010-11, and has scored over 4,000 runs in 79 Tests. His absence means that England will be forced to turn to either Jos Buttler, Jonny Bairstow, or James Foster to take over the wicketkeeping duties for the remainder of the series against India. Buttler, who made his Test debut earlier this summer, is believed to be the frontrunner for the role. England's performance against India has been somewhat mixed so far this summer, with the tourists bouncing back well in the second Test at Lord's after losing the opening match. However, they were comfortably defeated in the third Test at Southampton, with India taking a 1-0 lead in the five-match series. The loss of Prior will be a blow to England's chances of turning things around, particularly as they are already missing several key players through injury. Stuart Broad, James Anderson, and Liam Plunkett are all currently sidelined, while Ben Stokes has also been struggling with fitness issues. England will now have to regroup and work out a way to beat India without some of their most experienced players. It remains to be seen how long Prior will be out of action for, but England will be hoping to have him back fit and firing as soon as possible.