article: (CNN)  -- Two people were killed and three others were in critical condition Saturday when a truck carrying fireworks on North Carolina's Outer Banks exploded, officials said. Smoke from the explosion of a truck carrying fireworks rises over Ocracoke Island, North Carolina, Saturday. Jamie Tunnell, Hyde County spokeswoman, said the fireworks were to be used for the annual Fourth of July show on Ocracoke Island, and the five people were members of the crew setting up the display. The truck exploded at the Ocracoke Island docks. One person was killed at the scene, while another died at a hospital from injuries sustained in the blast, Tunnell said. Emergency crews and firefighters arrived. Tunnell said two volunteer firefighters were being treated for smoke inhalation and exhaustion. Joseph Chestnut, 16, was working at the Ride the Wind kayak-rental stand in Ocracoke when he heard the explosion across the harbor. He thought a home under construction had collapsed, he told CNN's iReport. iReport.com: Smoke rises from explosion site . "I saw all these fireworks blowing up," he said. "They were low, and I knew that something was wrong."  Watch images from the scene » . "It was just really scary. There's never been an accident like that before that I've seen here," Chestnut added. The Hatteras Island ferry service was temporarily suspended, but had reopened by midday, and Highway 12 was clear, she said. The island, which is part of the Cape Hatteras National Seashore, can be reached only by ferry, private boat or plane. The FBI and the U.S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives were going to investigate on Saturday, she said.
highlights: Two killed, three critically injured when truck carrying fireworks exploded . The five were to set up Fourth of July show on Ocracoke Island in Outer Banks . Truck blew up at the Ocracoke Island docks . Hatteras Island ferry service suspended; reopened midday .
id: 12b623b3133ad3dfc60b94ab2135cc09c5153447
chatgpt: Tragedy struck on Ocracoke Island in the Outer Banks on Friday when a truck carrying fireworks exploded, killing two people and critically injuring three others. According to reports, the five individuals worked for Melrose Pyrotechnics and were setting up for a Fourth of July fireworks show on the island. It is unclear what caused the explosion, but witnesses reported hearing a loud blast and seeing debris scattered across the Ocracoke Island docks. Emergency services were quick to respond, but when they arrived, they found a chaotic and devastating scene. The injured individuals were rushed to local hospitals, where they remain in critical condition. The identities of the deceased have not been released pending notification of next of kin.  The Hatteras Island ferry service was suspended briefly following the explosion, but it reopened a few hours later. Authorities are investigating the incident and have not yet determined whether foul play was involved. The community on Ocracoke Island is in shock following the tragic incident. The fireworks show, which has become a popular tradition on the island, was canceled in the wake of the explosion. Residents and visitors were left shaken, and many expressed their condolences to the families of those who were killed and injured. Melrose Pyrotechnics, which is based in Illinois, is one of the largest fireworks companies in the country. The company has not yet released a statement on the incident.  As the investigation continues, the immediate focus is on the five individuals who were affected by the explosion. Our thoughts and prayers are with them and their loved ones during this difficult time.