article: Jonathan Ashworth, the shadow cabinet office minister, accused the coalition of 'electioneering at the tax payers expense' The coalition has been accused of 'electioneering at the tax payers expense' after launching a multimillion pound newspaper and television assault to promote its policies, it has been reported. The Conservatives and the Liberal Democrats are said to be using public money to fund campaigns that highlight their Help to Buy Scheme and superfast broadband. Other adverts were said to include those raising awareness of healthy school meals and improvements to the health service. 'Ministers need to justify this immediately,' Jonathan Ashworth, the shadow cabinet office minister, told The Times. 'This looks like shameless electioneering at taxpayers' expense.' The Government's Help to Buy 30 second advert reached a prime time television audience after appearing during the hit ITV series Broadchurch starring David Tennant. A spokesman for the Treasury told the MailOnline that the advertisement, that is set to run for three months, has been paid for by the banks. 'For the scheme to support homebuyers across the UK, as many people as possible need to know how it works and understand if they are eligible,' said the spokesman. 'That's why the Government have developed a targeted public information campaign. The costs are funded by fees paid by the mortgage lenders under the scheme, not the taxpayer. 'So far, Help to Buy has helped 71,000 people realise their home owning aspirations, and is a key part of our long term economic plan that has ensured that first-time home buyers in 2014 rose to their highest level since 2007.' Scroll down for video . The 30 second television advert for the government's Help to Buy scheme appeared during a break for the hit ITV show Broadchurch . The government's Department for Culture, Media and Sport told the Times their superfast broadband awareness campaign would provide 'value for money for the tax payer,' as contractors BT will return more money to the public purse as more people sign up. The Cabinet Office said they have actually halved the cost of government communications since the 2010 general election.The proposed spend for this year was £289 million. 'As part of our long-term economic plan we have halved the cost to taxpayers of government communications since the 2010 General Election,' he said. 'We are now coordinating this centrally to ensure it is properly focused and effective, using low-cost campaigns whenever practical. 'All marketing and advertising delivers coalition government priorities, for example supporting our Help to buy scheme which is helping hardworking people buy a home, army recruitment and improving public health.' The government has also been advertising its superfast broadband scheme .
highlights: Coalition has launched a multimillion pound advertising campaign . Conservatives and Lib Dems accused of funding it with tax payers money . They have been accused of 'electioneering at tax payers expenses'
id: 93b1ed76fb20698637db65d85876a7ed73dcce90
chatgpt: The Coalition government has launched a new multimillion pound advertising campaign, aimed at promoting the administration's policies and achievements. However, the campaign has already come under fire, with both the Conservative and Liberal Democrat parties being accused of using taxpayers' money to fund what their opponents are calling "electioneering at taxpayers' expense". The campaign, which will run across a range of media channels including TV, radio, and print, is designed to highlight the positive impact of the government's policies while also stressing the need for continued progress and change. The adverts will focus on areas such as job creation, economic growth, and healthcare, amongst others. However, critics are alleging that the timing of the campaign, just months before a general election, is a thinly veiled attempt by the Coalition parties to boost their chances at the polls. They argue that taxpayers' money should not be used to fund political propaganda, particularly not with an election looming. Conservative and Liberal Democrat party officials have denied that the campaign is intended as electioneering, and have defended the use of public funds to pay for the adverts. They argue that promoting the government's policies is part of their job as elected representatives, and that taxpayers should expect their politicians to communicate their successes and plans for the future. Despite these assurances, however, the accusations of wrongdoing are unlikely to go away anytime soon. Labour and other opposition parties have already seized on the campaign as an issue, accusing the Coalition of trying to use public resources for purely political purposes. Moreover, the public themselves may not be impressed with the government's campaign. With many people feeling the squeeze from stagnant wages and rising living costs, the idea of politicians spending public funds on advertising may be seen as out of touch and unnecessary. The Coalition's advertising push is not without precedent, however. Previous governments, including the Blair administration, have also been accused of using public funds to promote their own image and agenda. However, the accusations are sure to stoke tensions in the run-up to the general election, and could harm the reputations of both the Conservatives and Liberal Democrats as they seek to win voters' trust and support. In conclusion, the Coalition's new advertising campaign is a bold attempt to sell the government's policies to the public. However, the accusations of electioneering and misuse of public funds are likely to cause controversy in the months ahead. Whether the campaign will ultimately help or hinder the Coalition's election chances remains to be seen, but the public will no doubt be watching with interest.