article: By . Rachel Quigley . PUBLISHED: . 15:48 EST, 30 October 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 15:57 EST, 30 October 2012 . Greg Tibbetts, principal of Vicksberg Middle School. He has been charged with second degree criminal sexual conduct and several offences related to using a computer to posses or distribute sexually abusive material . A middle school principal has been charged with sexually abusing a male student over a period of three years starting when he was 13 years old. Greg Tibbetts - who has been the principal of Vicksburg Middle School for the last nine years - was charged with second-degree criminal sexual conduct and several offenses related to using a computer to possess or distribute sexually abusive material. Vicksburg Superintendent Charles Glaes told the Kalamazoo Gazette that the boy was a 13-year-old student at Tibbetts' school when the alleged abuse began in 2010. It allegedly continued until earlier this year when he was 16. Tibbetts, 42, was placed on leave in late September. The boy is now a student at Vicksburg High School now, Glaes said. Tibbetts is facing one count of second-degree criminal sexual conduct, five counts of using a computer with child sexually abusive material, five counts of possessing child sexually abusive material, one count of using a computer to solicit another to commit distribution of child sexually abusive material, and a count of exhibiting sexually abusive material to a minor. Glaes  told Michigan Live that the investigation took him and other Vicksburg officials  by total shock. 'Greg has been a very trusted and very capable administrator,' he said. 'When we were first notified by law enforcement about this, I said that if there was anyone who was the least likely candidate for something like this, it was Greg Tibbetts. But these are terribly serious charges.' A letter was sent on Monday to parents with children in Vicksburg Community Schools telling them counselors would be available for any students affected 'to deal with concerns and emotional issues students might have regarding the investigation'. Vicksburg Middle School. A letter was sent on Monday to parents with children in Vicksburg Community Schools telling them counselors would be available for any students affected . Sorry we are unable to accept comments for legal reasons.
highlights: Greg Tibbetts has been principal of Vicksberg Middle School for the past nine years . He has been charged with second-degree criminal sexual conduct .
id: 9d4d37dd1c3fc0d47262f9577fb458582431d1bd
chatgpt: Greg Tibbetts, the principal of Vicksburg Middle School for the past nine years, is facing charges of second-degree criminal sexual conduct. The charges were filed against him in the local court on Friday afternoon following an investigation by the state authorities. Tibbetts has been accused of engaging in sexual conduct with a student at the school, who was under the age of 13 at the time of the incident. The alleged conduct took place over a period of several months, according to the charges filed against him. The charges have sent shockwaves through the community, with many parents and students expressing their bewilderment and disbelief at the allegations. Tibbetts had been a highly respected member of the community, and had served as the principal of Vicksburg Middle School for almost a decade. The school district has issued a statement expressing their shock at the news, and promising to cooperate fully with the investigation. In the meantime, a substitute principal has been appointed to oversee the day-to-day operations of the school. This is not the first time that a principal in the state has been charged with criminal sexual conduct. In recent years, there have been several high-profile cases of educators being accused of sexual misconduct with students. These cases have prompted calls for stricter background checks and more rigorous screening of employees in schools. The case against Tibbetts is still in its early stages, and it remains to be seen what the outcome will be. If convicted of second-degree criminal sexual conduct, he could face a long prison sentence and could be required to register as a sex offender. The allegations against Tibbetts are a reminder of the importance of vigilance in the education sector, and the need for schools to take all allegations of sexual misconduct seriously. As the investigation continues, students, parents and community members alike will be watching closely to see how the case unfolds.