article: By . Martha De Lacey . PUBLISHED: . 11:45 EST, 7 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 13:10 EST, 7 October 2013 . Proving it's never too late to try something new, former glamour model Linda Lusardi, 55, has embarked upon a new career. The Page 3 girl-turned-actress (who's starred in The Bill and Emmerdale) now has now added another string to her bow: she's a budding fashion designer. Linda has teamed up with online retailer Jami to design a range of soft jersey separates and stretchy dresses. Linda Lusardi launches her new fashion line at The Bloomsbury Hotel, Great Russell Street, London . Linda has designed the collection with the mature market in mind - there's lots of draping to disguise wobbly middles . Prices start at £24.50 for a long plain cami; while a long-sleeved, baggy T-shirt in grey will set you back £48 and a maxi dress with knot detail costs £78. 'All the garments are made inside the UK,' explains Linda. 'The quality of the fabric makes them long-lasting and they won’t go . out of shape in the wash.' Linda took inspiration from what she likes to relax in: 'The fabrics and colours that we are using are easy to wear and comfortable – this is exactly the type of style and design that I love.' However, the collection isn't just for getting comfy in: 'The . versatile range allows you to dress up in high heels and jewellery for . an evening out or simply put flip-flops on and wear them on holiday,' says Linda. Linda Lusardi in her modelling heyday back in the 70s and 80s - love the frizzy perm on the right! Linda has tailored her designs to the concerns of the mature market: 'Many . women over 50, as I am, do not want to have their arms showing and . sometimes their waistline is not as slim as they would like, the fact . that you can layer these colours and styles makes you feel more . confident about your figure. 'Having said that, the range is also cross-generational – my teenage daughter has introduced all her friends to it! Linda looks as good now as she did back in the days when she was a Page 3 regular . Linda has made sure lots of pieces have sleeves - to cover up that middle-age bugbear, the bingo wing .
highlights: Linda has teamed up with online retailer Jami to design a clothing range . Lots of soft jersey separates and stretchy dresses on offer . Designed with the mature market in mind . Prices start at £24.50 for a camisole, go up to £78 for a maxi dress .
id: 892ad3c26e67ba3b16b17da0e1a023a82a2aacee
chatgpt: Fashion icon Linda has made a comeback by launching a new clothing range designed for the mature market. The range is a collaboration between Linda and online retailer Jami, and it showcases a range of soft jersey separates and stretchy dresses. The new range is perfect for women who want comfortable clothing without sacrificing style. The designs are perfect for women who prefer a loose fit and are looking for trendy pieces that they can dress up or down. Linda's clothing range is a refreshing change from the tight-fitting styles that have dominated the fashion industry over the past few years. For the range, Linda has designed a range of jersey separates that are perfect for layering. The range includes items such as t-shirts, camisoles, and tunics, all of which are made from high-quality materials that feel great against the skin. The pieces are available in a range of colors, including black, white, and navy, making them perfect for mixing and matching. The dresses in the range are also designed with comfort in mind. The stretchy fabric is perfect for women who want comfortable clothing that moves with them throughout the day. The dresses are available in a range of styles, including maxi dresses and t-shirt dresses, making them suitable for a range of occasions. One of the best things about the Linda clothing range is the price point. With prices starting at just £24.50 for a camisole and going up to £78 for a maxi dress, the range is affordable for most people. The range is perfect for women who want to update their wardrobes without breaking the bank. The Linda clothing range is perfect for women who are looking for versatile clothing that they can wear year-round. The range includes pieces that can be dressed up or down, making them suitable for a range of occasions. Linda has designed a range that is perfect for women who want to be comfortable without sacrificing style. In conclusion, Linda has teamed up with online retailer Jami to launch a new clothing range that is perfect for the mature market. The range includes a range of soft jersey separates and stretchy dresses that are comfortable, versatile, and affordable. Women who want to update their wardrobes should definitely check out the Linda clothing range.