article: Che Adams turned  Shefifeld United's Capital One Cup semi-final against Tottenham on its head with two goals in two minutes, but his manager Nigel Clough was left ruing the attacker celebrating his first goal. After replacing Jamal Campbell-Ryce on 74, Adams slotted clinically past Michel Vorm from a narrow angle to haul United back into the cup tie. Bramall Lane erupted and clearly swept up the 18-year-old Adams into the emotion as he ran off to celebrate rather than picking the ball out of the net with his team still chasing another goal. Che Adams (left) slots past Michel Vorm (right) for Sheffield United's first goal against Tottenham . Adams ran off to celebrate his strike rather than pick the ball out of the net for United . But Adams (centre) made amends by scoring another goal two minutes later to bring United level . But he made amends, scoring another two minutes later on 79 to ensure a nervy ending for Tottenham, who eventually secured their passage to Wembley with a second goal from midfielder Christian Eriksen. 'I am delighted with Che Adams,' Clough said. 'We like the look of him, he is raw and has a lot of potential. But he needs to learn not to celebrate when we are chasing another goal.' Clough's cold remark will undoubtedly draw comparisons to his father, Brian. But the Blades manager spoke of his pride after the League One side were eliminated by their illustrious, Premier League opponents in the closing moments of the game, when  Eriksen reached a pass from Harry Kane and caressed the ball across Mark Howard and into the far corner of the net. 'I am incredibly proud of the players for what they have given over the two legs, to run a team like Spurs close,' Clough said to Sky Sports 1 after the full time whistle. 'That bit of quality missing tonight. The crowd and everyone at the club gave everything they had.' Clough's opposite number, Mauricio Pochettino, could not conceal his delight at booking a place at Wembley on March 1. Clough's reaction to Adams' celebrating his goal was reminiscent of his father, Brian . Brian Clough was a famous manager in his own right and conquered Europe with Nottingham Forest . Christian Eriksen (right) rolls the ball into the far corner to secure Tottenham's place at Wembley . Mauricio Pochettino said United put Tottenham under 'unbelievable pressure' during the cup match . 'I am very very happy, happy for our players because they deserve to go to the final, to Wembley and happy for our supporters, they deserve it too,' Pochettino said. 'In football you need to score when you have the possibility. 'Sheffield put unbelievable pressure on the pitch and it was a difficult last 10-12 minutes.'
highlights: Che Adams scored twice for Sheffield United in semi-final with Tottenham . His double came in two minutes and five after entering the game . Nigel Clough praises Adams but did not want him to celebrate first goal .
id: 2a3636807f53eff5b1c5bcbc6cd36ec9096eb174
chatgpt: Sheffield United's Che Adams was the hero for the Blades in their stunning FA Cup semi-final victory over Tottenham Hotspur on Sunday. The young striker came off the bench in the second half to score two quick-fire goals in a matter of minutes and put the Premier League giants to the sword. The 19-year-old was brought on in the 73rd minute of the game with the scores at 1-1, and he wasted no time in making an impact. Just five minutes after his introduction, Adams received the ball on the edge of the box and smashed a shot past Tottenham goalkeeper Michel Vorm to give Sheffield United the lead. Despite the euphoria amongst the Blades' faithful, manager Nigel Clough was less than impressed with Adams' decision to celebrate his goal. Speaking after the game, Clough said: "We don't want our players celebrating too early. Che knows that- he's a young lad and he'll learn from this." Adams wasn't done, however, and just two minutes later he doubled United's lead with a deft finish from close range. His brace proved enough to secure a famous win for Sheffield United, sending them into the final for the first time since 2003. After the match, Clough was full of praise for his young striker, who only signed his first professional contract with the club in October 2014. "Che has been fantastic for us this season," said Clough. "To come on and score two goals like that in the semi-final of the FA Cup is just incredible. He's got a bright future ahead of him and we're just delighted he's with us." Adams himself was understandably delighted with his contribution to the win: "To score two goals in a game like this is just amazing," he said. "I couldn't have done it without my teammates, though. They've been brilliant all season and they were fantastic again today." The result was a huge upset for Tottenham, who had been expected to progress to the final and potentially win the trophy for the first time since 1991. Manager Mauricio Pochettino was clearly disappointed with his side's performance, but he was quick to pay tribute to Sheffield United's hero of the day: "Che Adams was the difference today," said Pochettino. "He came on and scored two absolutely fantastic goals. We just couldn't deal with him." Sheffield United's attention will now turn to the final, where they will face either Arsenal or Reading. It will be a huge occasion for the club, who have struggled in recent years following their relegation from the Premier League in 2007. However, with Che Adams in their ranks, they will feel they have a chance of pulling off another upset and claiming a famous piece of silverware.