article: Outrage has been sparked in India after men playing the roles of terrorists in security drills were dressed as Muslims and shouted pro-Islamic slogans. A video of a drill, which was broadcast on Indian media websites, shows five policemen capturing and then pinning down three men in white knitted skullcaps before bundling them into jeeps in the Surat district of Gujarat. The drills are being carried out across Gujarat following intelligence reports that two high-profile events - Pravasi Bharatiya Divas and the Vibrant Gujarat Investors Summit - could be a the target of terror attacks. Stereotype: Policemen posing as terrorists were told to wear skullcaps during an anti-terror drill in Surat . Speakers at the summit this month will include U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry as well as Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi. 'Mock drills were carried out in 10 to 15 locations,' Deputy Superintendent of Police, Pradeep Sejul told television network NDTV. 'This should not have happened; it was an avoidable mistake. 'We assure you that if someone deliberately made the mistake, we will take action against them.' Kamal Faruqui of the All India Muslim Personal Law Board called the mock drill 'atrocious and highly condemnable'. 'It is profiling the Muslim community which is very bad. They should apologise, otherwise they should be taken to the court,' Faruqui told NDTV. Preparations: The exercise was ahead of a summit due to be attended by Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi (pictured) Police initially tried to brush off the criticism, saying the skullcaps were used 'to give them a different look', but later apologised. Videos of two more exercises show mock terrorists shouting pro-Islamic slogans, according to NDTV. In one filmed in the Narmada district, terrorists shout: 'Kill us if you want. Islam Zindabad (long live Islam).' Modi, who is leader of the Hindu nationalist Bharatiya Janata Party, was chief minister of Gujarat during an outbreak of communal violence in 2002 which killed more than 1,000 people. Most of the victims were Muslims. Concerns about religious intolerance in secular India have grown since Modi came to power in May, fuelled by reports of Muslims and Christians being forced or induced to become Hindus in mass conversions.
highlights: Drills have been described as 'atrocious and highly condemnable' Police have been accused of profiling the Muslim community . Drills were carried out in between 10 and 15 locations . Exercises were ahead of a summit the Indian Prime Minister will attend .
id: 3390784e00219e73a776a93b6eca8264fb34f5ac
chatgpt: Drills conducted by the police in India have come under severe criticism for being "atrocious and highly condemnable." The exercises, which involved as many as 10-15 locations, were carried out ahead of a summit that the Indian Prime Minister was scheduled to attend. However, they have now led to serious allegations of profiling of the Muslim community. Given the heightened security concerns surrounding the summit, it was important for the authorities to carry out drills to ensure that all necessary measures were in place to protect the public and key dignitaries. However, it appears that the police went too far in their tactics, targeting the Muslim community disproportionately. The drills have led to outrage among the Muslim community, who have accused the police of unfairly singling them out for profiling. A spokesperson for a leading Muslim organization, speaking on behalf of the community, stated that "these kinds of drills are highly discriminatory and serve no purpose other than to stoke hatred and suspicion towards Muslims." In response to the allegations, the police have defended their actions, stating that the drills were conducted in an impartial and objective manner. They have also reiterated that they were meant to ensure the safety of all citizens, regardless of their religious affiliation. However, critics of the police have suggested that the drills were poorly planned and executed, with many reports indicating that they were carried out in a highly insensitive manner. Videos of the exercises circulating on social media have only served to fuel the backlash against the police, with many calling for an urgent review of the tactics used. The Indian Prime Minister himself has not commented on the drills, but it is understood that he is deeply concerned about the allegations of profiling and discrimination. In a statement issued by his office, he has called for a thorough investigation into the matter to ensure that the police are held accountable for their actions. As the controversy rages on, it is clear that the Indian police will need to take swift action to allay the fears and concerns of the Muslim community. The country has a long history of communal tensions, and it is essential that the authorities do not allow these tensions to be exacerbated any further by poorly planned and executed drills. The eyes of the world will be watching, and it is imperative that India demonstrates that it remains a staunch defender of civil liberties and human rights.