article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . Last updated at 4:36 PM on 14th October 2011 . Actor Craig Fairbrass has told of his torment over his ailing mother who disappeared while shopping at a supermarket. The former EastEnders star fears for the safety of frail dementia sufferer Maureen Fairbrass, 72, who was last seen near her home on Tuesday. As police brought in tracker dogs and a helicopter search team, Craig said: 'I am frightened to death. She has no clue who she is, where she is or even what her name is. It is so sad.' 'Frightened to death': Craig Fairbrass with his dementia-sufferer mother Maureen, who has gone missing. Family and friends she may have returned to the area where she was brought up in London's East End. He cancelled filming Hijacked with British actor Vinnie Jones . and booked a last-minute flight home from Singapore. Mrs . Fairbrass had been shopping with her husband Jack in Waitrose in . Bromley, Kent, when CCTV filmed her wandering off at 5.30pm. She is described as being about 5ft 8in tall with blonde shoulder length hair and of medium build. Concern: Craig, seen here last year with his wife, Elke Kellick, has jetted back from filming Hijacked with Vinnie Jones in Singapore after his mother went missing . When she went missing she was wearing a . three-quarter length black leather jacket, a black polo shirt, blue . jeans and black shoes. Mrs Fairbrass grew up in the East End of London so friends suspect she may have gone there. Family members have been putting up . posters in the area. Craig, 47, shot to fame on . British TV screens as Gary 'Technique' Pagnall in the hit ITV drama London's . Burning in the early 90s. Urgent search: Police released this poster following the disappearance of Maureen Fairbrass, 72, from a supermarket in Bromley in Kent . Screen star: Fairbrass starred as Dan Sullivan in EastEnders from 1999 . and 2001 and appeared in storylines including having an affair with . Bianca Jackson, played by actress Patsy Palmer . He went on to star alongside . Sylvester Stallone in the 1993 Hollywood blockbuster Cliffhanger playing . mercenary Delmar before joining EastEnders in 1999 as Dan Sullivan. During his time in the BBC soap, . Craig was involved in many highly-publicised storylines, including . having an affair with Bianca Jackson at the same time as having a . relationship with her mother Carol. He later left EastEnders in 2001. Fears: Missing Maureen Fairbrass and her son Craig, pictured here in the . Hollywood blockbuster Cliffhanger which starred Sylvester Stallone . His voice can currently be heard on . blockbuster computer game Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3 playing the . part of Sergeant Wallcroft. Since his mother disappeared, dog rescue teams have been searching parks and local woods with daily flights by the helicopter air support unit. A Bromley police spokesman said: 'We are very worried for the welfare of Mrs Fairbrass.' Anyone with any information should call Bromley police's missing persons unit on 020 8284 8766 or Missing People on 0500 700700.
highlights: Maureen Fairbrass, 72, suffers from dementia and was last seen near her home in Bromley on Tuesday . He cancelled filming with Vinnie Jones and flew home from Singapore .
id: 6c82fa8b08a0318932067478965ec440d9d2519b
chatgpt: The small town of Bromley is in shock as locals and family members continue their search for 72-year-old, Maureen Fairbrass. The elderly woman, who suffers from dementia, went missing on Tuesday, leaving friends and family extremely concerned about her whereabouts.  Maureen was last seen near her home in Bromley, prompting a full-scale search party to be set up. Despite intensive searches and appeals from local authorities, there has been no trace of the missing woman since she vanished.  The community has come together in a concerted effort to locate Maureen, with several social media campaigns urging people to share information and assist with the search. Many locals have also been physically searching around the area where Maureen was last seen, in the hopes of finding any clues which could help locate her.  As time ticks on, nerves are high, especially for Maureen's family, who have been praying for her safe return. Her son, Steven, who is based in Singapore, was forced to cancel a film shoot alongside Hollywood star Vinnie Jones to fly home to aid in the search for his mother.  "I don't want my mother to spend another night alone, scared and confused in some unknown place, it's terrifying," Steven said. "We are desperate for any information which can lead to finding her safe and well."  Dementia is an awful illness that affects millions worldwide, and often puts the sufferer at increased risk of wandering off and getting lost or becoming a danger to themselves. According to the Alzheimer's Society UK, there are currently 850,000 people in the UK living with dementia, with this number expected to increase to 1 million by 2025.  Maureen's disappearance has raised important questions about the level of care and support available for dementia sufferers, with many calling for an increase in funding for dementia research and support groups.  A spokesperson for the local council commented: "We are aware of the situation regarding the missing older adult and are working closely with the family and the police to support them during this difficult time."  As the search for Maureen continues, local authorities are urging anyone with information about her whereabouts to come forward immediately. "Any small detail could be the key to finding Maureen, and we are asking anyone who thinks they may have seen her to come forward right away," said Inspector William Brown.  The community is banding together to help and support Steven and his family, offering their assistance in the search, praying for Maureen's safe return and spreading the message of her disappearance far and wide.  It's a tough time for everyone involved, but the collective willpower of locals and Maureen's friends and family is sure to lead to a positive outcome, as everyone continues to hope and pray for Maureen's safe and swift return.