article: Gareth Southgate believes Luke Shaw finally understands what it takes to be deemed 'world class' after training alongside Manchester United team-mates Radamel Falcao and Angel di Maria. Shaw has featured twice for United this season since arriving from Southampton in a £31million move in the summer. The 19-year-old was one of many additions made by boss Louis van Gaal along with Di Maria and Falcao. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Gareth Southgate addressing Luke Shaw and team-mates . Angel di Maria (left) and Radamel Falcao (right) both joined Manchester United this summer . The South American duo have both impressed during their short time in English football with the pair on the scoresheet in the Red Devils' 2-1 win against Everton in their last Premier League match before the international break. According to Southgate, Shaw, who played in both legs of England Under 21s' European Championship play-off success against Croatia, now realises what is required to be a truly great player having been in the presence of Di Maria and Falcao. Luke Shaw (right) has been impressed by Di Maria and Falcao's 'world class' levels, says Gareth Southgate . 'I think what he now has is a recognition of what 'world class' looks like,' Southgate told the Mirror. 'He might have had an idea of what he thought it was before, but training at Manchester United with the likes of Radamel Falcao and Angel di Maria has given him a full understanding of the concept now. 'He would have known there was a level, but now he knows there is a level above that.' Falcao (right) scored the winning goal as United beat Everton 2-1 in their last Premier League game . Southgate also added that Shaw has been so impressed by the pair's quality that he even told his Under 21 international team-mates. 'He was able to share those stories among our lads in the U21s because all players at times in their careers think they are nearly there - and then you discover you still have a bit of a way to go,' Southgate said. 'You continually have to strive to be better than you are and Luke realises that now.' Di Maria (right) has dazzled for the Old Trafford club scoring three goals in five Premier League matches .
highlights: Radamel Falcao and Angel di Maria have set the bar high at Old Trafford . The South American pair were the big-name arrivals during the summer . Luke Shaw was another summer recruit, joining from Southampton for £31m . Gareth Southgate says Falcao and Di Maria have taught Shaw a thing or two . Shaw shared stories about the pair with his England U21 team-mates .
id: d8f0f0823fe036e3d81495bf5d407e0c2cb0deaa
chatgpt: Manchester United's big-name summer signings, Radamel Falcao and Angel di Maria, have already made a significant impact at Old Trafford, setting the bar high for their teammates. The South American duo, who arrived from AS Monaco and Real Madrid respectively, have not disappointed, with their individual talents proving to be key factors in United's recent success. Falcao's arrival at United was met with great excitement, and he has not disappointed the fans, scoring key goals when they are most needed. Similarly, di Maria has shown his playmaking abilities, dictating the pace of the game and creating countless opportunities for his teammates. But the impact of the South American pair has gone beyond simply scoring goals and setting up chances. According to England U21 manager, Gareth Southgate, they have also had a significant influence on the team's other new arrival, Luke Shaw. Shaw, who joined United from Southampton for a record-breaking £31m, has had a mixed start to his career at Old Trafford, with injuries and lack of form hampering his progress. But Southgate believes that the experience of playing alongside Falcao and Di Maria has been invaluable for the 21-year-old left-back. "Luke has been really impressed with the South American pair," Southgate said. "He's been sharing stories about their work ethic, their dedication to training, and their professionalism. They have really set the bar high for him." Southgate's comments are a clear indication of the impact that Falcao and Di Maria have had on the team, not just in terms of their individual performances, but also in their influence on their teammates. Their experience and professionalism have been crucial in lifting the team's morale and setting high expectations for the season ahead. With Falcao and Di Maria leading the charge, United fans will be hoping that the new signings can continue to make a positive impact on the team, and that Shaw can continue to learn and grow under their leadership. Only time will tell, but with the South American pair setting the standard, the future looks bright for United.