article: In a quiet corner of north west London, Dereck Chisora is finalising his preparations for his heavyweight rematch with Tyson Fury. Chisora spends 45 minutes training in front of the watching media, looking considerably slimmer than the man who lost to Fury three years ago. In the background, the dulcet tones of the Bee Gees provide a rather sharp contrast to a man intent on causing destruction. VIDEO Scroll down for Dereck Chisora: I've been working on how to fight like Ali . Dereck Chisora was pictured shooting last week in Scotland where he had a training camp near Ben Nevis . Chisora has a rematch with Tyson Fury on Saturday and wants revenge after being beaten three years ago . Chisora is now focusing his sights only on beating Fury in their rematch on Saturday . Chisora takes part in an open work out ahead of his fight with Fury . Chisora is desperate to get revenge on Fury after his defeat in 2011 . Chisora is a man who divides opinion. One on hand, he gave Vitali Klitschko a torrid time over 12 rounds in February in 2012. But an hour later he was involved in a disgraceful brawl with David Haye at the post-fight press conference. Fury may be ordered to shave off his beard ahead of the fight on Saturday night . Fury is looking for a repeat of his win over Chisora in 2011 when the two meet again on Saturday . Since losing to Haye five months later, however, and after a heart-to-heart with his mum, Chisora overhauled his training regime and put together a run of five consecutive victories. He has been preparing to take on Fury at a training camp near Ben Nevis in Scotland, where he was pictured going shooting last week. Chisora appeared in good spirits, and seemed relaxed at one of Scotland's most picturesque surroundings. Chisora (left) poses alongside Fury (right) and promoter Frank Warren (centre) But here, three days out from the fight, he is in one of his surly moods. 'I'm in a better place than the first fight,' he said. 'I'm more mature and more experienced. I'm a dad now and there's nothing better in the world than being a dad. 'I've been working on being more mobile and I want to get the fight rolling. 'The way I've got this fight planned out, by round seven he'll be 5ft 5in. Fury (right) throws a punch in the ring in the match where he beat Chisora (left) three years ago . 'I'm in my prime; heavyweights peak in their 30s and that's what's happening to me now. 'It's going to be a great fight.' Thankfully for Dereck Chisora, words are not all he has. Chisora vs Fury is live on Box Nation on Saturday .
highlights: Dereck Chisora wants revenge after defeat to Tyson Fury three years ago . He said he is more experienced and matured ahead of the bout . He has been at a training camp near Ben Nevis preparing for the encounter .
id: c93002681141e7292dbd5008103a07b5be1ba4f1
chatgpt: Boxing fans around the world are eagerly awaiting the upcoming fight between Dereck Chisora and Tyson Fury. This fight has been years in the making and it promises to be an exciting and intense bout. Chisora is especially motivated, as he is looking for revenge against Fury for a previous defeat. The two boxers first fought each other three years ago, in a thrilling match that saw Fury come out on top. Chisora has not forgotten this defeat and has been eagerly anticipating the opportunity to face Fury once again. In the years since their first match, Chisora has gained valuable experience and matured as a boxer. He is confident that he is now better equipped to go toe-to-toe with Fury. Chisora has been taking his training extremely seriously in preparation for the fight. He has been at a training camp near Ben Nevis, one of the highest mountains in the UK, where he has been pushing himself to his limits. The camp has been grueling, with intense workouts and long hours spent in the gym. However, Chisora knows that this is what it takes to come out on top against someone as tough as Fury. In an interview with BBC Sport, Chisora spoke about his preparation for the fight. "I've been working harder than ever before," he said. "I know that I need to be in the best shape of my life if I want to beat Fury. He's a tough opponent, but I'm up for the challenge." Chisora has also made some changes to his training regime in the lead-up to the fight. He has been working with new coaches and experts in order to refine his techniques and improve his strength and agility. This attention to detail is key if he wants to gain the edge over Fury. Fury, of course, is also in excellent shape and has been training hard for the bout. He is the reigning heavyweight champion and is looking to defend his title against Chisora once again. However, Chisora is determined to come out on top this time around. The upcoming fight promises to be a thrilling event, with two of the world's top boxers going head-to-head. Fans of the sport are sure to be tuning in from around the world to catch all the action. With Chisora's newfound experience and Fury's tough spirit, the result is anyone's guess. One thing is for sure, though: this fight is not to be missed.