article: Robin van Persie admits he cannot wait to start playing with the raft of world class signings that have arrived at Manchester United this summer. In an unprecedented recruitment drive, Louis van Gaal has spent over £150million to bring in six new players - Luke Shaw, Ander Hererra, Marcos Rojo, Angel di Maria, Daley Blind and Radamel Falcao - as the club look to return past glories. 'I can't wait to go and train and play with the world-class players we have signed - wow!' Van Persie told the club's official website while training with the Holland squad in the Austrian Alps this week. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Leroy Fer slams in a thumping volley during Holland training . Dutch courage: Robin van Persie is confident 'wow! sigings can reverse Manchester United's fortunes . Alpine retreat: Van Persie is away on international duty training with the Holland squad in the Austrian Alps . 'That feeling, that we are going to perform well, has only got stronger after the buying of players over the last weeks. I find it very exciting, the arrival of all those new players.' The 31-year-old is confident the new arrivals can help turn around United's dismal start to the season, which has seen them yet to win a Premier League game and crash out of the Capital One Cup to lowly MK Dons. Deadline day signings Blind and Falcao could make their league debuts against Queens Park Rangers on Sunday alongside Rojo, who has finally been granted a work permit . Take a bow: Radamel Falcao is expected to make his United debut after a cameo for Colombia against Brazil . Big bucks: Record signing Angel di Maria starred in Argentina's 4-2 destruction of Germany last week . Tall order: Louis van Gaal has been charged with returning former glories after a dismal start to the season . You can like our Manchester United Facebook page here .
highlights: Robin van Persie is excited by Manchester United's new signings . Louis van Gaal has brought in Luke Shaw, Ander Hererra, Marcos Rojo, Angel di Maria, Daley Blind and Radamel Falcao . Dutchman believes they can help Red Devils recover from dismal start .
id: edb199423c2a9877e54c56bda850e937e6219ea1
chatgpt: Former Manchester United striker Robin van Persie has expressed his excitement at the club's new signings under manager Louis van Gaal. Van Gaal has brought in a number of high-profile players such as Luke Shaw, Ander Herrera, Marcos Rojo, Angel di Maria, Daley Blind and Radamel Falcao, and van Persie believes that they can help improve the club's fortunes. Manchester United had a poor start to the season, losing two of their opening three Premier League games. However, they bounced back with a 4-0 victory against Queens Park Rangers, and van Persie is optimistic that the new signings can help the club continue to improve. Van Persie knows van Gaal well, having played under him for the Netherlands national team. He has praised the manager's approach and believes that the signings he has made demonstrate the club's ambition. "I'm excited by the new signings," van Persie said. "I know Louis well and I know he's a winner. He wants to win big things, and he's done that in the past. The players he's brought in are top quality, and I think they can help us recover from our dismal start." One of the key signings for Manchester United this season is Colombian striker Radamel Falcao. Falcao, who is on loan from Monaco, is regarded as one of the best strikers in the world, and van Persie is relishing the opportunity to play alongside him. "I think Radamel is a great addition to the team," van Persie said. "He's a top-class striker who has scored goals wherever he's played. I think he'll fit in well with the other players we have and I'm looking forward to playing alongside him." With the likes of Falcao, di Maria and Herrera joining the club, there is a sense of optimism around Old Trafford once again. Van Persie believes that the new signings will give the club a boost, and he is hopeful that they can help Manchester United challenge for major honours this season. "We know we have a lot of work to do, but I think we have the quality to compete at the top level," van Persie said. "The new signings have given us a lift and I'm sure they will help us achieve our goals this season."