article: It was a not-so-balmy 30 degrees fahrenheit in Walpole, Massachusetts, on Monday morning, and, like many residents of the Boston suburb, a 44-year-old high school teacher donned his winter hat to combat the inclement weather. Only problem is, the only other article of clothing forestry teacher Marc Mertz was wearing Monday morning as he sauntered up and down his driveway were swimming goggles and a towel - and he eventually ditched the towel. Mertz - a teacher at Norfolk County Agricultural High School - was arrested Wednesday after several witnesses watched him walking around his driveway wearing only a ski hat. History: Authorities say teacher Marc Mertz has been accused of exposing himself in public on more than one occasion . Brrrr: This is the driveway where multiple witnesses saw Mertz walking around naked on Monday . The first witness to call 9-1-1 was absolutely shocked when she saw Mertz walking around in the snow in the buff. 'There was just a nude man walking down his driveway. He’s got a ski cap . on and no clothes. I don’t know if he’s still there or not but I just . saw him, very weird. I don’t know who he is or if he lives there or what . he does, but all I know is this guy was stark naked,' the witness is heard saying on a 9-1-1 tape obtained by WHDH. Another witness told authorities that Mertz did more than just walk around while 'stark naked.' 'He was naked and he began to gyrate toward his mailbox as the victim drove by,' Walpole Deputy Police Chief John Carmichael said. Object of his affection: At one point, Mertz was seen thrusting his hips into the mailbox at the end of his driveway . This isn't Mertz' first brush with the law - in 2012, he also was accused of exposing himself in public. 'He had apparently exposed himself to some boaters at a lake in Natick, I don’t know if he was arrested,' Carmichael said. When he has his clothes on, parents describe Mertz as a good teacher. 'He was a good teacher, my daughter had him for a couple classes. I met . him a once or twice, seemed like a nice guy to me,' one man told the station. Regardless, Mertz now faces some serious criminal charges - and his teaching job could potentially be in jeopardy. Hi praise: Parents of children taught by Mertz describe his as an excellent teacher . 'We charged him with open and gross lewdness. Part of the elements of that crime are the victim must have been shocked and alarmed by the behavior that was exhibited. In this case both victims were shocked and alarmed,” Carmichael said. Mertz has been placed on administrative leave from Norfolk County Agricultural High School as an investigation into the alleged incident continues.
highlights: Marc Mertz is a forestry teacher at Norfolk County Agricultural High School . Two witnesses say they saw him wearing nothing but a ski hat and swimming goggles . Mertz was also accused of exposing himself in public in 2012 .
id: 31636873eb196b1230144b2eb35be0d3410dcc8d
chatgpt: A forestry teacher at Norfolk County Agricultural High School, Marc Mertz, has recently aroused suspicion and concern among students and faculty. Witnesses have reported that they saw Mertz near a local swimming pool, wearing nothing but a ski hat and swimming goggles. According to reports, two individuals claim to have spotted Mertz in the vicinity of the pool, situated near the school property. One witness, a local resident who frequently uses the pool, reported seeing Mertz standing outside the pool’s perimeter fence, clad in only a ski hat and swimming goggles. The witness further alleged that Mertz was performing peculiar movements while staring intently at the pool. Another witness, a student at the school, reported seeing Mertz in the school’s hallway directly after the alleged incident. The student claimed that Mertz appeared disheveled and was attempting to conceal a bulge in his pants. This is not the first time that Mertz has been accused of inappropriate behavior. In 2012, Mertz was accused of exposing himself in a public park. Witnesses at the time reported seeing Mertz sitting on a bench with his pants down and engaging in lewd behavior. As the allegations continue to unfold, the school administration has announced that Mertz has been placed on administrative leave pending the results of an investigation. The school has also offered support services to any students who may be distressed by the recent events. In response to the accusations, Mertz has retained legal counsel and adamantly denied any wrongdoing. In a statement to the press, Mertz’s lawyer stated that his client had a legitimate reason for being near the pool and that the allegations were without merit. The accusations have caused a stir in the small, close-knit community. Some are calling for Mertz’s resignation, while others are urging caution and diplomacy until the investigation is complete. Meanwhile, the school administration has reiterated its commitment to ensuring a safe and respectful environment for all students and faculty. As the investigation continues, students and faculty are left to grapple with the allegations and the implications they may have for the school and the broader community. The case of Marc Mertz reminds us of the importance of vigilance and accountability in ensuring the safety and well-being of our communities.