article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 04:29 EST, 1 December 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 05:30 EST, 1 December 2012 . Forget old-hat singing competitions or watching celebrities fine tune their Waltz, the BBC is launching a new entertainment show to find Britain's Brightest brain. The new show will next year take the prime-time Saturday night slot currently occupied by the much criticised singing contest The Voice. It is hoped Britain's Brightest will help promote intelligence rather than beauty or fame. Game show host: Clare Balding will present a new TV show called Britain's Brightest which will test contestants' intelligence . The show will see 24 'ordinary people with extraordinary minds' selected from auditions around Britain go head to head in tasks to test the brain and examining everything from emotional intelligence to processing speed. After a series of demanding challenges and puzzles staged in studio and on location, the contestant with the best all-round mind will be crowned champion. Auditions have already taken place and the programme, hosted by Clare Balding, will air in January. Clare Balding said: 'I have always said that "facts are my friend" but knowing things doesn't make you clever. Being replaced: Britain's Brightest will take prime-time Saturday night slot previously occupied by singing contest The Voice . 'I am fascinated by the brain - how it works and how it can be improved. 'I am so excited to be given the opportunity to explore and test intelligence in a format that will be fun, informative and entertaining. 'The quest to find Britain's Brightest will inspire all of us.' Danny Cohen, controller of BBC One, told the Daily Telegraph that airing the 'intelligence' show on Saturday night was an 'interesting risk'. He added: 'This is an intelligence test format and it will bring a new flavour to the channel.
highlights: Clare Balding will host the new show that will test contestants' intelligence . Show will take prime-time Saturday night slot over from The Voice .
id: 4c75f43a72ee1bcf46a06127d5c60954f71b37f3
chatgpt: Popular television presenter, Clare Balding, is set to take a new challenge by hosting a brand-new game show which will test the intelligence of the contestants. The show is believed to have been designed to challenge the mind, and it will be a departure from the typical game shows that grace our screens.  The show, which is yet to be named, is scheduled to take the prime-time Saturday night slot formerly held by The Voice. This has already sent shock waves through the entertainment industry, with many pundits predicting that it will be a huge hit.  Details of the show are still under wraps, with producers keeping a tight lid on what to expect. However, it is believed that there will be multiple rounds of questions with different categories, ranging from general knowledge, math, science and current affairs.  Contestants will be required to answer a set number of questions correctly, with those who fail to make it through the first round being eliminated. The remaining contestants will proceed to the second round, with the process continuing until there’s only one contestant left standing. The show is expected to keep viewers on the edge of their seats, with a massive prize waiting for the winner.  The introduction of Clare Balding as the host of the show has been welcomed by many fans of the presenter. Clare has become a household name after many years of presenting some of the biggest events on television, including the Olympics, Paralympics and numerous horse racing meets. Her intelligence and quick wit will no doubt come in handy as she steers the show to a successful conclusion.  It seems that the producers of the show already recognize that the audience expects something unique and different from a Saturday night show, and this could be just the game show to do that. The nation is eagerly looking forward to seeing how the contestants will fare and how the show will unfold. One thing is for sure, Clare Balding is the perfect fit to lead the show, and we can’t wait for it to hit our screens!