article: Professor Tanya Byron says she is treating a growing number of child patients who are suffering stress from exams . Pushy middle-class parents who pressure their children to do well in school risk damaging their mental health, a leading psychologist warned yesterday. Professor Tanya Byron said a growing number of youngsters are so terrified of getting bad grades they suffer from  stress and never develop the ‘emotional resilience’ needed to succeed in later life. She claimed many children are effectively ‘brought up in captivity’ because their parents are too scared of letting them play on the street. Professor Byron, who specialises in child and adolescent mental health, delivered her warnings as millions of teenagers are in the midst of GCSE and A-level exams. She told Radio 5 Live presenter Richard Bacon that psychologists are increasingly treating young patients ‘who come from families where you wouldn’t predict that they would generally really struggle at a psychological level’. She added: ‘It’s a small number but it’s a growing number.’ Professor Byron revealed that she felt sorry for her own children, aged 16 and 18, because of the constant pressure they face. ‘I just think, “Oh, you poor things”. I mean it’s ruthless and it’s endless. It is continuous assessments and it is exams, it’s AS-levels. ‘There’s a lot of pressure on kids even without parents adding to it,’ she added. The 47-year-old who has presented TV programmes on child behaviour such as Little Angels, said: ‘We are a risk-averse society. I say children are being brought up in captivity. Kids nowadays have more managed lives. ‘You don’t really see kids on the . streets any more. I grew up in the 70s, I was out on my bike with my . mates. We took risks, we did things, we weren’t all supervised. 'Now . you see kids fear failure. They are not really given the opportunity to . take risk or experience challenge or fail at anything. Dr Byron warned that pupils are so afraid of getting bad grades that they suffer from stress, and are being brought up 'in captivity' by overly cautious parents . ‘So failure becomes a massive issue for them. They start to put themselves under so much pressure and that’s when they become vulnerable.’ Professor Byron said adolescents are particularly vulnerable to psychological pressures because their prefrontal cortexes – the part of the brain that controls rational thought, problem-solving and empathy, is not yet fully developed. She added: ‘A lot of children don’t get the depth of experience or the confidence in their learning or themselves that  they need. ‘I see a lot of children who lack emotional resilience… the ability to take the knocks of life, fall down and pick yourself up again, to think, “I made a mistake but, hey, let’s move on”.’
highlights: Professor Byron says pushy parents harming kids 'emotional resilience' Says cautious parents are bringing up children 'in captivity' Claims children aren't given the chance to take risks or fail at anything .
id: 8eb663c98395f0595ca98a1942a4825b3cb5b668
chatgpt: Pushy parents who constantly hover over their children in an attempt to protect them could be harming their emotional resilience, according to Professor Byron. In a new study, Professor Tanya Byron has claimed that cautious parents are potentially bringing up their children "in captivity." By constantly shielding their children from any potential harm or failure, they are denying them the opportunity to learn key life skills, such as taking risks and learning from their mistakes. Professor Byron goes on to say that children who are not allowed to fail may struggle with self-esteem and may lack the resilience needed to deal with challenges throughout their lives. The study revealed that many children are not given the chance to take risks or fail at anything, as they are constantly monitored by their parents. According to Professor Byron, this can lead to a lack of self-belief and a belief that they will never be able to face challenges alone. Parents were also found to be overprotective of their children, with many never allowing them to leave their side. This can lead to children feeling isolated and unable to cope with social situations or interact with other children their age. The professor's study has highlighted the importance of children being given the chance to take risks and learn from their mistakes. This means that parents need to take a step back and allow their children to experience failures and challenges, which will help them develop the vital life skills needed to succeed in the real world. However, this doesn't mean that parents should abandon their children altogether. Professor Byron suggests that an appropriate level of responsibility and supervision should be maintained. Children should be given the freedom to explore their environment and take risks, but parents should be there to guide them and offer support when needed. The study also suggests that parents should not allow their fears to impact their children's lives. Many parents, according to the study, have a deep-seated fear of their children getting hurt or failing at anything. This fear can be transferred to the child, leading them to believe that they are incapable of coping with the world around them. In conclusion, Professor Byron's study highlights the importance of balancing the need for parental protection with the need for children to learn from their mistakes. Children should be allowed to take risks and make their own decisions, but parents should also be there to offer guidance and support when needed. By doing so, children will develop the vital resilience and emotional strength they need to thrive in the world around them.