article: By . Daily Mail Reporter and Associated Press . PUBLISHED: . 17:18 EST, 17 August 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 11:11 EST, 18 August 2013 . A hunter in the remote wilds of Alaska has been rescued in an elaborate mission by the Alaska Air National, 36 hours after he was mauled and nearly killed by a grizzly bear. The man was on a hunting trip with a guide north of Anatuvuk Pass, Alaska, nearly 300 miles from the nearest city when he was attacked and severely injured on Wednesday. A trained medic who happened to be with a nearby hunting party was able to stabilize him and minimize blood loss. Dense fog descended on the area and hampered air evacuation efforts by local rescue teams and the Alaska State Police. The man was on a guided hunt in the wilds of Alaska, hundreds of miles from civilization, when he was attacked and nearly killed by a grizzly bear . The 11th Air Force Rescue Coordination Center learned of the man's plight Thursday, about 36 hours after the attack and mounted a massive rescue effort with personnel from the Air National Guard. The man, whose name was not released, had suffered severe blood loss and other injuries and was at risk of drying in the remote wilderness if he was not evacuated to a hospital. Officials credited the medic who first treating his wounds with saving the man's life. 'He was able to decrease the blood loss and maintain life until help could arrive,' said Master Sergeant Armando Soria, a search and rescue controller with the coordination center. 'He provided expert care with limited resource for several hours, ultimately stabilizing, warming and rehydrating the victim.' No details about the bear attack were released. High-flying: The rescued required an Air Force HC-130 plane to refuel the HH-60 Pave Hawk rescue helicopter in mid-air - a maneuver similar to the one pictured in this stock photo . The Alaska Air National Guard sent a search-and-rescue plane carrying a helicopter crew from Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson near Anchorage. They landed at Eielson Air Force Base near Fairbanks, where a helicopter had been prepared for them. Together, the plane, an HC-130 search and rescue aircraft, and helicopter headed more than 280 miles northwest to the victim. The plane's crew launched illumination flares to guide the HH-60 Pave Hawk helicopter through Anaktuvuk Pass and to help find the site. The man was trapped in such a remote area that the HC-130 plane had to refuel the helicopter in mid-air during the flight, between cloud layers. The helicopter reached the victim before 3am Friday. The man was brought to the Air Force base just before 5am, then taken by ambulance to Fairbanks Memorial Hospital. He was listed in stable condition there Saturday.
highlights: Man was on guided hunting trip 300 miles from civilization when he was attacked and nearly killed . Rescue efforts by local teams and the Alaska State Police were turned back by dense fog . Alaska Air National guard launched rescue team 36 hours after attack . HHC-130 plane provided cover while HH-60 Pave Hawk helicopter evacuated the victim . Rescue site was so far from base that helicopter had to be re-fueled midair .
id: b71b51e2d68f3ff2a03165d5dd3aa723b25a73a6
chatgpt: Alaskan man miraculously survived a brutal bear attack during a guided hunting trip deep in the Alaskan wilderness. The attack took place more than 300 miles from civilization making rescue efforts difficult. The victim, whose identity has not been released, was on a guided hunting trip when he was attacked by a brown bear on Monday. The man suffered severe injuries and was unable to walk. Thankfully, his hunting guide was present and immediately called for help. Local search and rescue teams in the area and the Alaska State Police were alerted and sent to rescue the victim. However, their efforts were hampered by dense fog which made it impossible for them to get to the location. The Alaska Air National Guard was then called in to provide assistance. Nearly 36 hours after the attack, an HH-60 Pave Hawk helicopter and an HHC-130 plane were dispatched for the location, equipped with a team of medical responders. The skillful pilot of the HHC-130 plane provided cover to the rescue team during the operation. Meanwhile, the HH-60 Pave Hawk helicopter was used to evacuate the badly injured victim from the scene. However, the rescue team faced a challenge, as the location was so far away from their base that the helicopter had to be re-fueled midair in order to reach the victim and return safely. Thanks to the swift action and expertise of the rescue team, the victim was flown to a local hospital for emergency medical treatment. The hunter is said to be in critical but stable condition. Wildlife attacks are not uncommon in the Alaskan wilderness, and brown bears are known to be particularly dangerous. The state currently has more than 32,000 brown bears, and officials advise those who venture into the wild to take every necessary precaution. The rescuers and the medical responders involved in this operation have been praised for their dedication and swift actions. Commenting on the rescue, Alaska Air National Guard Colonel Kurt Huber said, "The heroic efforts and professionalism of our airmen and the local search and rescue teams involved in this operation are commendable, and we are glad they were able to save the life of the hunter." The incident highlights the importance of safety precautions when venturing into remote areas. It is an encouraging reminder that emergency services and well-trained personnel are always on standby, ready to spring into action should the situation call for it.