article: By . Ap  Reporter . Two-time major champion Li Na pulled out of the U.S. Open on Thursday because of a knee injury which she said has bothered her for several months. The only tennis player from China to win a Grand Slam singles title also withdrew from hard-court tournaments in Montreal and Cincinnati over the next two weeks. The second-ranked Li wrote in a posting on Facebook that she has 'been struggling' with her knee since March 'and it is just not where I need it to be in order to play at the highest level.' Out injured: An ongoing knee injury has forced out of the upcoming US Open which starts on August 25 . She also said: 'My medical team has advised me that I need to take some time off to rest my knee.' Li did not specify which knee, but she played with her right knee taped up at Wimbledon, her most recent tournament. The U.S. Tennis Association confirmed to The Associated Press that Li informed it that she won't play. The U.S. Open begins on Aug. 25. Suffered: Na's form has dipped in recent months as she's played on with a knee injury . Li won the Australian Open in January for her second major title. She also won the 2011 French Open. In May, Li suffered a shock first-round defeat at the French Open by France's Kristina Mladenovic who was ranked 103rd at the time . At Wimbledon in June, Li bowed out in the third round to the unseeded Barbara Zahlavova-Strycova 7-6 7-6. It's the second significant injury news in two days for tennis. On Wednesday, 14-time major champion Rafael Nadal announced he hurt his right wrist in practice and would miss hard-court events in Toronto and Cincinnati, although he holds out hope of defending his title at the U.S. Open. The world number two won the event last year, beating Novak Djokovic in the final for his 13th major title, to which he has since added this year's French Open. But he faces a tight schedule to be fit for this year's event after suffering an injury which will prevent him also defending his Rogers Cup and Cincinnati titles earlier in the month. First: Li Na won her first Grand Slam at the French Open in 2011 when she beat Francesca Schiavone . Champion: The world number two won her second Grand Slam title at the Australian Open in January .
highlights: After medical advice Li Na has withdrawn from the US Open with a knee injury . Won Australian Open in January but has suffered with the injury since . The World number two won her first Grand Slam at Roland Garros in 2011 .
id: 1a255aae09d3156b60f79326c152767120589440
chatgpt: Li Na, 32, the World Number two, has announced her withdrawal from the upcoming US Open due to her knee injury. The tennis player had previously won the Australian Open in January, but has been grappling with the injury since then. This comes as a blow to the fans who were eagerly anticipating her performance at the tournament. After following advice from her medical team, Li Na made the difficult but necessary decision to withdraw from the tournament. This decision was not an easy one, as she had won her first-ever Grand Slam at Roland Garros in 2011 and had high hopes for this season as well. However, the knee injury has been plaguing her for a while, and she knows that it's not worth risking further damage. Li Na has always been an inspiration for many. She began her tennis career in China where she faced many challenges. However, she remained determined and went on to become the first Asian player to win a Grand Slam singles title. She has since been recognized for her achievements, and in 2019, she was included in the International Tennis Hall of Fame, an honor bestowed upon only a few tennis players. The announcement of Li Na's withdrawal has come as a surprise to many fans. It was believed that she was recovering well, and her presence at the US Open was highly anticipated. However, her priority has always been her health, and withdrawing from the tournament is the best decision for her at this point in time. Li Na's fans have expressed their disappointment, but they have also shown their support for her. They have vowed to continue cheering for her, and hope that she will recover soon and return to the court stronger than ever. Although it is unclear when she will be able to play again, they remain optimistic that she will come back with a bang. The US Open, which is scheduled to begin on August 31st, will miss the presence of one of its top contenders. However, it still promises to be an exciting tournament with many other top players vying for the title. And for Li Na's fans, they wait in anticipation for her return to the court, which they hope will be soon.