article: (CNN) -- Hugo Chavez's handpicked successor was sworn in as Venezuela's president on Friday. Nicolas Maduro's inauguration ceremony took a dramatic turn at one point as a man in a red jacket rushed toward the podium in Venezuela's National Assembly. "They could have shot me right here. Security has failed," Maduro said after the man was taken away. Maduro was quick to regain the floor and spoke for more than two hours, vowing to crack down on any coup attempts to remove him from the presidency and slamming political opponents for waging what he called a "dirty election campaign" against him. Maduro's inauguration comes a day after Venezuela's National Electoral Council said it would complete 100% audit of votes cast in Sunday's election "to preserve a climate of harmony between Venezuelans." Maduro secured 50.8% of votes in the election while opposition candidate Henrique Capriles Radonski won 49%, election officials said earlier this week. Capriles had called for a vote-by-vote recount but said late Thursday that he accepted the decision by election officials to audit the tally. The narrow margin has sparked mounting tensions in Venezuela after the closely watched election to pick Chavez's successor. Venezuela's state-run AVN news agency said at least eight people have been killed in post-election violence across the country. The government news agency tied the deaths to opposition protests and said the victims were all followers of Maduro. CNN could not independently confirm government reports of violence and it was unknown whether there were any opposition injuries or fatalities. Opposition protesters have sent numerous accounts to CNN's iReport, criticizing the government and pushing for a recount. In one of his last public appearances before his March 5 death, Chavez said he wanted Maduro to be his successor. Maduro now describes himself as "Chavez's son" and has vowed to continue the late leader's plans to build "21st century socialism." On Thursday night, Capriles urged supporters not to be discouraged by Friday's inauguration and to stay at home and listen to salsa music. "This fight has not finished. ... I am sure that sooner rather than later the truth will come out," he said.
highlights: Nicolas Maduro is sworn in as Venezuela's president . Hugo Chavez tapped him as a successor . The opposition candidate has called for a recount; election officials auditing results . Man rushes toward podium; "He could have shot me right here," Maduro says .
id: d290e9b5a6aa99f0be1cab1a90fd610bf409c678
chatgpt: Nicolas Maduro has been officially sworn in as the new President of Venezuela, succeeding his mentor, the late Hugo Chavez. The inauguration ceremony was attended by several heads of state and thousands of government supporters in Caracas, the country’s capital city. Maduro's election victory on Sunday was challenged by his opposition candidate, Henrique Capriles, who has called for a recount of the votes. Election officials have begun auditing the results, but it could take up to 10 days to determine the final outcome. The tension over the election results was evident during the ceremony when a man rushed towards the podium where Maduro was taking his oath. Footage showed him being tackled by security guards before he was able to harm anyone. "He could have shot me right here," Maduro said to the crowd after the incident, adding that the opposition was trying to destabilize the country.  Despite the opposition's cries of fraud, Maduro maintains that he won the election fair and square. "There was no manipulation or fraud in this election,” he said in his inaugural address. "We should be proud of our electoral system, which is one of the most advanced in the world." Many Venezuelans are hopeful that Maduro will continue the social programs and policies that Chavez implemented during his tenure as president. The country faces many challenges, including a struggling economy, high inflation, and widespread crime. Maduro pledged to work towards building a more prosperous and peaceful country. "We have to be united to face these challenges and continue on the path that the Comandante Chavez left for us," he said. "We will continue with the Bolivarian revolution, with socialism." The inauguration of Nicolas Maduro marks a new chapter in Venezuela's history. As the country waits for the results of the election audit, it remains to be seen how his presidency will shape the future of Venezuela.