article: By . Fiona Macrae Science Correspondent . PUBLISHED: . 18:21 EST, 29 May 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 07:00 EST, 30 May 2013 . If you've settled down with Mr Right, be warned – there’s something in your bathroom cabinet that could make you take him for granted. Research suggests that taking the contraceptive Pill makes women less competitive with each other, meaning they are less likely to fight to keep their ideal man. As researchers said women should be made aware that the Pill can have psychological, as well as physical, side-effects, other experts urged women not to throw away their supplies. The study by team of researchers in the Netherlands found the contraceptive pill can make women less competitive . The team from the University of Groningen, in the Netherlands, studied a group of young women when they were taking the Pill and when they came off it. On each occasion the volunteers, who were . aged between 20 and 31, filled in questionnaires designed to measure . intra-sexual competition – or whether they viewed other women as friends . or foes. They found that women in a relationship were less competitive when they were on the Pill, making them less likely to fight to keep their partner if another woman comes along to turn his head. They believe this is because the oral contraceptive, taken by millions, suppresses testosterone, a hormone that fuels rivalry in both sexes. Among single women, they believe the desire to meet a mate could override the hormonal influence of the Pill. Dr Allan Pacey, a fertility expert at Sheffield University, said the ‘intriguing’ study warranted further research. But he added: ‘I don’t think there’s sufficient evidence for doctors to start issuing a health warning to women.’ However some experts have questioned the study and said women should not throw away their supplies . Writing in the journal Evolution and Human Behavior, Researcher Kelly Cobey said: ‘If hormonal contraceptive use reduces a natural propensity for partnered women to compete for mates it may mean that many women in our contemporary population, where hormonal contraceptive use is widespread, have a reduced ability to attract new mates or to maintain their existing partner. ‘In light of our findings, women using hormonal contraceptives may be at a disadvantage in that they are less likely to seek out or switch to a new partner from whom they might acquire additional benefits. ‘Women who use hormonal contraceptives may settle and start families with partners who they otherwise would not.’ However, other experts questioned her interpretation of her results – and pointed out some highly competitive women like to take the pill because it frees them from pre-menstrual tension and other problems that can hold them back.
highlights: Researchers said women should be made aware of psychological as well as physical side effects . But some experts questioned the study and said women should not throw away Pill supplies yet .
id: 6a90a71729022b630c0a29bd294d3f1600035720
chatgpt: A new study has raised concerns about the use of birth control pills and the need for women to be aware of psychological side effects associated with their use. Researchers have suggested that women who are on the pill should be informed about the potential psychological side effects, as well as the physical ones. However, some experts have criticized the study and are advising women not to throw away their pill supplies just yet. The study, which was conducted by researchers at the University of Copenhagen and published in the journal JAMA Psychiatry, analyzed data from more than one million women in Denmark between the ages of 15 and 34 who took birth control pills for an average of six years. The researchers found that women who took the pill were 23% more likely to be diagnosed with depression than those who did not. The risk was even higher among teenagers, with those aged 15-19 being 80% more likely to be diagnosed with depression if they took the pill. The study also found that the risk of depression increased the longer a woman was on the pill. Those who took the pill for more than six months were 40% more likely to be diagnosed with depression than those who took it for a shorter period of time. Dr. Øjvind Lidegaard, the lead author of the study, said that while the pill is safe and effective in preventing pregnancy, it is important for women to be aware of the potential psychological side effects. "We should inform women about both the physical and psychological side effects of the pill so that they can make an informed choice," he said. However, some experts have criticized the study, arguing that the increased risk of depression is small and that it does not outweigh the benefits of the pill. Dr. Sarah Hardman, a clinical senior lecturer in contraception and sexual health at the University of Edinburgh, said that while the study was well-designed, the results should be interpreted cautiously. "The study suggests a small increase in the risk of depression, but it does not mean that every woman who takes the pill will experience this," she said. Dr. Hardman added that women should not stop taking the pill without consulting their doctor first. "It is important that women do not just stop taking the pill, as this could result in an unplanned pregnancy," she said. Dr. Clare Murphy, director of external affairs at the British Pregnancy Advisory Service, also cautioned against overinterpreting the study's results. "This study provides yet more evidence showing that for the vast majority of women, the benefits of the combined oral contraceptive pill far outweigh any risks," she said. Dr. Murphy added that women who are experiencing psychological side effects while on the pill should speak with their doctor. "At the end of the day, it's up to each woman to decide which contraceptive method is right for her, and to weigh up the risks and benefits for herself," she said. Overall, the study has raised important questions about the need for women to be informed about the potential psychological side effects of the pill, as well as the physical ones. While some experts are advising caution, the study is a reminder that women should be empowered to make informed choices about their own health.