article: By . Corey Charlton for MailOnline . A VIP service is to be held at Westminster Abbey to recognise the taxman's work collecting revenue. HM Revenue and Customs chief executive Lin Homer has invited guests to a VIP event at the Abbey on September 23 where guests including staff, civil servants and partners will join to pay tribute to the taxman's work. Ms Homer, who is the former boss of UK Borders Agency (UKBA), has recently been criticised regarding the huge payout the Government has been required to make to a U.S. defence firm following a failed UKBA IT project. HMRC boss Lin Homer, pictured, has invited VIP guests to the event which will be take place on September 23 . An HMRC spokesman told The Sun it was not paying for the Abbey and said the VIP event would help boost staff morale. But the plan has been criticised by the Taxpayers' Alliance, which told the paper: 'HMRC got 5.5million tax bills wrong last year. 'The last thing they need is a day out at the Abbey.' Last year HMRC brought in more than £500 billion in tax revenue for the first time. Ms Homer took up her position with HMRC following her departure from UKBA in 2011. A view of of the interior of Westminster Abbey, where the service is to be held . However, her performance during her time with UKBA has been called into question recently with news taxpayers have been landed with a £500million bill for a ‘catastrophic’ IT project intended to protect our borders. An arbitration tribunal ruled the way the Home Office had terminated the contract for the shambolic eBorders scheme was unlawful. Defence firm Raytheon will now pocket £223million of public money, including £50million in damages. The settlement is in addition to the £260million the Government had spent by the time Raytheon was fired in July 2010 with the journey-logging system in disarray. Legal fees are expected to push the final bill to half a billion pounds. It is to be the subject of a hearing by the home affairs select committee of the Commons, chaired by Labour's Keith Vaz. He recently said the huge bill was a 'catastrophic result'. 'It is now clear that the UKBA didn’t know what they wanted from the eBorders programme. ‘We will want to hear further from Lin Homer, the then head of the UKBA, as to why she sanctioned such a defective agreement.’
highlights: VIP service to recognise and praise taxman to be held at Westminster Abbey . HMRC chief executive Lin Homer has invited VIP guests to exclusive event . Taxpayers' Alliance: 'The last thing they need is a day out at the Abbey'
id: d500626df2a8c92db0a210550802f31b4201f023
chatgpt: HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) chief executive Lin Homer has organised an exclusive event at Westminster Abbey to recognise and praise top-performing tax collectors. The VIP service has been arranged to celebrate the hard work and dedication of individuals who have gone above and beyond in their roles. However, not everyone is happy with the plans. The Taxpayers' Alliance has criticised the event, stating that taxpayers' money should not be used to fund a day out at the Abbey for tax collectors. The pressure group argues that the money could be better spent on improving HMRC's services or lowering taxes. John O'Connell, chief executive of the Taxpayers' Alliance, said: "The last thing they need is a day out at the Abbey. The real hard-working taxpayers will be left to foot the bill for this jolly." Despite this criticism, Ms Homer has defended the event, stating that it is important to acknowledge the hard work of HMRC employees. She has invited VIP guests to attend the service, including ministers, MPs and dignitaries. The service will take place in the historic Lady Chapel and will include a performance by the Abbey's choir. Ms Homer stated: "I am delighted to be able to host this special event at Westminster Abbey to recognise and celebrate the dedication and hard work of our top-performing tax collectors. This is an opportunity to showcase their achievements and to thank them for their commitment to serving the public." The event has also been praised by some MPs who have welcomed the recognition of HMRC employees. Conservative MP Andrew Tyrie, who chairs the Treasury Select Committee, said: "Recognition of the hard work of HMRC employees is important. They face a challenging job and it is important that their commitment is acknowledged." However, the event has been criticised by tax campaigners who argue that the focus should be on improving HMRC's services rather than hosting exclusive events. Mark Serwotka, general secretary of the Public and Commercial Services Union, said: "It is a strange way to recognise hard-working staff when cuts to jobs, services and offices are causing so much hardship." The event is due to take place later this year and is expected to attract high-profile guests. Despite the criticism, Ms Homer remains committed to recognising the achievements of HMRC employees and believes that the service at Westminster Abbey is an appropriate way to show their appreciation.