article: By . Daniel Martin . PUBLISHED: . 19:35 EST, 11 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 19:41 EST, 11 December 2013 . Barclays Bank has dealt a blow to Boris Johnson by pulling out of its £50million sponsorship of London’s bicycles-for-hire scheme. It had been hoped that the deal, which began in 2010, would continue until at least 2018, but Barclays has apparently told the Mayor that its sponsorship will end in 2015. The scheme, strongly supported by Mr Johnson, allows people to hire so-called ‘Boris bikes’ from ranks dotted across  the capital and then deposit them at  their destination. Sponsorship: The scheme, strongly supported by London Mayor Boris Johnson, allows people to hire so-called 'Boris bikes' from ranks dotted across the capital and then deposit them at their destination . Transport for London, which runs the bike scheme on the Mayor’s behalf, will now have to begin the search for a new sponsor to step in from 2015. A spokesman for Barclays said the decision was the result of a long-term analysis of the sponsorship agreement and had nothing to do with the spate of tragedies last month when six cyclists died in 13 days on London’s roads. In August this year 20-year-old French woman Philippine Degerin-Ricard became the first person to be killed riding a ‘Boris bike’ after she was struck by a lorry on Whitechapel High Street in East London. The bikes were launched amid much fanfare in August 2010. Around 8,000 bikes are now available from 570 docking stations. Popular: Cheerleaders for the Jacksonville Jaguars NFL team ride on Boris Bikes outside Buckingham Palace in Central London ahead of their side's American football match at Wembley Stadium in October . However, several months ago Barclays began the process of a strategic review of its sponsorship programmes and has now made a commercial decision not to continue the sponsorship. 'Barclays have received immense benefits from the publicity given to the cycle hire scheme in its early years, but now that its performance is looking shaky they appear to be bailing out' Caroline Pidgeon, leader of the Liberal Democrats on the London Assembly . Graeme Craig, director of commercial development for TfL, said it would seek  a replacement when the current deal  comes to a close. ‘Barclays remains committed to the sponsorship agreement signed in 2010, but the bank and TfL have decided not to take up the option to extend it,’ he said. Caroline Pidgeon, leader of the Liberal Democrats on the London Assembly, said: ‘Barclays have received immense benefits from the publicity given to the cycle hire scheme in its early years, but now that its performance is looking shaky they appear to be bailing out.’
highlights: It had been hoped that Barclays deal would continue until at least 2018 . Scheme allows people to hire bikes from ranks dotted across London . Barclays: It's got nothing to do with spate of cyclist deaths last month .
id: 20184a8daccf89900037e1904d2750efd2c60f56
chatgpt: Barclays has announced that its sponsorship deal with London's cycle hire scheme will not be renewed. The deal was initially set to run until 2015, but was later extended until 2018. However, the bank has now decided not to renew the deal, stating that it no longer aligns with their business strategy. The cycle hire scheme, which was launched in 2010, allows people to hire bikes from ranks dotted across London. Over the past six years, the scheme has become increasingly popular, with over 10 million bike hires in 2015 alone. The scheme has also been a success for Barclays, with the bank's sponsorship helping to promote its brand across the capital. The decision not to renew the sponsorship deal comes just weeks after a series of cycling fatalities in London, which have raised concerns about the safety of the city's roads. However, Barclays insist that the decision is not related to these incidents. In a statement, the bank said: "Barclays has been proud to support the cycle hire scheme since its launch in 2010. However, as our business strategy evolves, we have decided not to renew our sponsorship beyond the current agreement. This decision has nothing to do with the recent spate of cyclist deaths in London, and we remain committed to promoting cycling as a safe and sustainable mode of transport." The Mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, has expressed disappointment at the decision not to renew the sponsorship deal. In a statement, he said: "I am disappointed that Barclays have decided not to renew their sponsorship of the cycle hire scheme. The scheme has been a huge success, and has helped to promote cycling as a safe and sustainable mode of transport in our city. I will be working with TfL to ensure that the scheme continues to flourish, and that it remains an integral part of London's transport network." Transport for London (TfL), which runs the cycle hire scheme, has said that it is now looking for a new sponsor for the scheme. TfL's Director of Transport, Leon Daniels, said: "We are now looking for a new sponsor for the scheme, and we remain committed to providing a safe and comfortable experience for all our cyclists. The scheme will continue to operate as normal, and we will be working to ensure that it remains an integral part of London's transport network." The future of the cycle hire scheme remains uncertain, as TfL searches for a new sponsor. However, it is hoped that the scheme will continue to thrive, providing a cheap and convenient way for Londoners to get around the city.