article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . A one-time glamor model has been arrested today in connection with a massive child porn bust. Julia Lack, 26, of Pearland, Texas, was arrested on Thursday and charged with one count of child pornography possession. Her boyfriend Tad Jeremy Costin, 41, was arrested on November 1 in a case involving potentially thousands of images of a man taking part in sexual acts with children. Julia Lack, 26, has been charged with child porn possession after her boyfriend Tad Jeremy Costin, 41, was arrested on similar charges last week . Costin (left) is accused of assaulting 15 young girls over more than 20 years and his girlfriend Julia Lack is also charged with child porn possession . Costin has been charged with four counts of aggravated sexual assault . of a child under age 14. He  allegedly assaulted at least 15 young girls aged under seven years old. Lack is listed as an 'inactive model' on Playboy's Miss Social competition - an online non-nude gallery where contestants submit and post their own photos. Playboy told MailOnline that Lack has no affiliation with or has ever been employed by Playboy. She never has held any titles associated with Playboy, including Playmate or Miss Social. She is being held at Pearland jail on $30,000 bail. Costin was arrested last week after . investigators found computer memory cards containing hundreds of images . of child pornography in boxes at his former home in Dayton. Costin moved to Pearland a few months ago and shares a home with his girlfriend and her five-year-old son. The sickening discovery of child porn was made by Lack's father Benny who found the images in a box left behind by his daughter at his home when she moved out. Investigators then allegedly found six hard drives and 80 CDs containing further abuse pictures at Costin's new address in Pearland. Lack, 26, is listed as an 'inactive model' on Playboy's Miss Social website. She is being held on bail over a child porn charge . Detectives say pictures included ones of him assaulting young children. Police believe there are 15 victims who have not been identified and say they are not related to Costin. They said some of the pictures could date back as far as 1990. Harris . County Assistant District Attorney Kathryn Kahle told KHOU that the . children appeared unresponsive in the pictures and may have been . drugged. She said: 'They are dressed in what appear to be nightgowns, little girl nightgowns. 'Some of them look as if they are unresponsive and/or drugged when they are engaged in those sexual acts.' Deputies said Costin has previously been arrested for similar offenses. He is currently being held in the Harris County jail without bond. Costin was arrested after boxes containing memory cards filled with child pornography was found at his old home .
highlights: Julia Lack, 26, was charged with one count of child porn possession in Pearland, Texas . Boyfriend Tad Jeremy Costin arrested on November 1 after memory cards were found . They were in boxes at his old home and 'contained child pornography' Some images date back to 1990 and victims not been identified .
id: c68b2c466d4027ebccaafa5d0246ea9d1a4a3563
chatgpt: A young woman from Pearland, Texas, is facing serious charges after being arrested for the possession of child pornography. Julia Lack, 26, was charged with one count of child porn possession after police found memory cards that allegedly contained illicit material. The arrest came after Lack's boyfriend, Tad Jeremy Costin, was arrested on November 1st. Police received a tip that Costin, who had recently moved out of his home, had left boxes behind that contained concerning material. Officers found memory cards in the boxes, which were then analyzed by a forensic team. It was concluded that the memory cards contained child pornography, and police believe that some images date back as far as 1990. The victims in the images have not been identified at this time. While Costin has been arrested in connection with the case, Lack was also charged after admitting to police that she had knowledge of the material found on the memory cards. Child pornography is a serious crime, and those caught in possession of such material can face significant penalties. In Texas, possession of child pornography is considered a third-degree felony, which can result in a prison sentence of up to 10 years and a fine of up to $10,000. The arrest of Lack and Costin highlights the importance of reporting suspicious behavior to authorities. If it were not for the tip about Costin's boxes, it is possible that this material might never have been discovered, and the victims in these images may have continued to suffer in silence. For now, police are working to determine the extent of the material found on the memory cards and to identify any further victims. The investigation is ongoing, and further charges may be brought against Lack and Costin if new evidence comes to light. As this case unfolds, it serves as a reminder of the importance of vigilance and reporting when it comes to crimes involving children. By working together and staying aware, we can help put a stop to these heinous acts and bring justice to those who have been victimized.