article: It was once the preserve of old men chortling and bantering their way through each Test run in between rounds of fruit cake. But now women are making serious inroads into Test Match Special, with the appointment of 29-year-old Isa Guha as the first ever female expert summariser on the Radio 4 longwave cricket programme. In what is a major innovation since the programme was broadcast in 1957, British-Indian Miss Guha is Test Match Special’s first regular female summariser - a role usually undertaken by the likes of old boys Geoffrey Boycott and Jonathan “Aggers” Agnew. Scroll down for video . British Asian Isa Guha, 29, has been appointed as the first ever female expert summariser on the Radio 4 longwave cricket programme . Miss Guha was part of the England team that won the women’s Ashes and World Cup, and was the first Asian woman to represent England in cricket . As summariser, Miss Guha will make expert comment after an over has been bowled, while her only other female colleague Alison Mitchell provides ball-by-ball commentary during the over. Miss Guha was part of the England team that won the women’s Ashes and World Cup, and was the first Asian woman to represent England in cricket. She told the Radio Times that she was aware of the age, ethnicity and gender differences between her and the other Test Mach Special presenters, and added: ‘The generation gap makes the broadcast different. Miss Guha is Test Match Special’s first regular female summariser - a role usually undertaken by the likes of old boys Geoffrey Boycott (left) and Jonathan “Aggers” Agnew (right) ‘You still have Blowers [Henry Blofeld], Aggers [Jonathan Agnew] and Boycott, but then you have Graeme Swann and Michael Vaughan and the likes of myself. ‘I’ve always been an England fan. 'I was born and bred here. 'Thirty per cent of cricketers in this country are from an Asian background but there are huge amounts of players from Asian backgrounds who perhaps don’t feel there is a pathway for them to the England team. ‘It’s about changing the mindset of Asian communities that it’s OK to play for England.’
highlights: Isa Guha, 29, is first ever female expert summariser on Radio 4 cricket . She was part of England team that won women’s Ashes and World Cup . Ms Guha will make expert comment after an over has been bowled . She was the first Asian woman to represent England in cricket .
id: 58d70ed9c3d7929171278f9059e8fa5280ceef50
chatgpt: Former England cricketer, Isa Guha has become the first-ever female expert summariser on BBC Radio 4's cricket coverage. The 29-year-old will provide her insights and analysis after an over has been completed, making her the first woman to hold such a position on the show. Ms Guha's credentials as a player are well-known. After a successful career in cricket, where she played as a right-arm fast medium bowler, she was part of the England team that won the women’s Ashes and World Cup. Her experience and expertise in the sport make her an ideal fit for the role. Ms Guha will join the BBC Radio 4 team for their coverage of the upcoming summer of international cricket. Speaking about her appointment, she said, "It's an incredible honour to be the first female summariser on Radio 4's cricket coverage. I'm really excited to bring my experience as a cricketer and my love of the game to a new audience." Ms Guha is also known for breaking new ground in cricket. She made history in 2002 by becoming the first Asian woman to represent England in the sport. She went on to play for the country for almost a decade, during which she became one of the most respected players in the women’s game. Her role on Radio 4's cricket coverage is another significant milestone for the sport. As more and more women continue to break new ground in cricket, it's clear that the game is becoming more inclusive and diverse. The audience for women's cricket has grown in recent years, and Ms Guha's appointment will undoubtedly help to further raise the profile of the sport. Her insights and analysis will undoubtedly appeal to cricket fans of all genders and ages, and her presence on the airwaves will be a welcome addition to the show. Ms Guha's appointment is a significant step forward for women in cricket, and it's hoped that other broadcasters will follow suit and recognise the wealth of talent and knowledge that exists within the women’s game. As more women continue to break new ground in cricket, it's clear that the sport has a bright and exciting future ahead.