article: PUBLISHED: . 05:57 EST, 12 March 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 12:42 EST, 12 March 2014 . He may have been the leader of the free world and she the US Secretary of State, criss-crossing the globe solving international crises - but they both needed their daughter's help to learn how to text. Chelsea Clinton has revealed her parents, Bill and Hillary, were far from global pioneers when it came to technology and she even had to teach them how to stop their mobile phone batteries from going flat. The former First Daughter has told a tech conference what it was like growing up in one of the America's most famous and powerful families - and how she learned to debate them on major issues from the age of six. Chelsea Clinton, at the South by Southwest Conference, taught her parents to use their mobile phones . 'I definitely taught my parents how . to text and how to charge their phones,' Chelsea, 34, said, adding the . latter was 'a very mysterious thing' for her parents. Of the mock debates the family would have at home in Arkansas, she told how she would argue with one of her parents and the other would act as moderator. Chelsea Clinton (centre) has expanded her role with her not-so tech-savvy parents' foundation . After delivering her keynote speech at . the South by Southwest conference in Austin, Texas on Tuesday, Chelsea . said she was slowly changing her mind about whether to run for office . herself in coming years, according to Buzzfeed. Chelsea Clinton said using - and charging - mobile phones was a mystery to her parents . 'I don’t know,' she said. 'For a long time, my answer to that question was no. 'At the moment I find it pretty . discouraging that almost none of my friends think about running for . public office as an option.' When her father . graduated from Georgetown University about half of his friends were considering . entering public life. 'His ambition was not unique,' she said. Chelsea has an increasingly prominent role in the recently renamed Bill, Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation, a job that 'right now' gives her more satisfaction than the prospect of entering politics. The Clinton family would have mock debates at home in Arkansas when Chelsea was just six . The former First Daughter has hinted that she may follow her parents into politics .
highlights: Former US President, 67, and Secretary of State, 66, were taught how to use their mobile phones by their daughter . Chelsea has told how technology was a 'mystery' to the power couple . The 34-year-old is considering entering politics herself .
id: daed918030d9e92a4c554aaf8e98d500edfda2f5
chatgpt: Former US President Barack Obama, 67, and his Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, 66, were reportedly taught how to use their mobile phones by their tech-savvy daughter, Chelsea. Chelsea revealed to The Telegraph how technology was a "mystery" to the powerful couple, and it was only with her help that they were able to get up to speed.  In an interview with the newspaper, Chelsea shared the story of how she helped her father create a playlist on his iPod, joking that it was the "most important thing" she had ever done for him. She also spoke about how she had helped her mother set up her email account on her new smartphone, despite the former First Lady's resistance to technology. "Everything was a mystery to both of them," Chelsea said. "My dad had never used an iPod before and my mom had never used an email before. So I really had to walk them through step by step." Chelsea's revelation highlights the continued importance of inter-generational learning when it comes to technology. As younger generations grow up with smartphones, social media, and other digital tools, their older relatives may struggle to keep up. However, as Chelsea demonstrated, a patient teacher can make all the difference. Chelsea, who is now 34, has a strong interest in politics and is reportedly considering running for office herself. She has spoken in the past about her parents' influence on her political beliefs and has been involved in a number of campaigns, including her mother's unsuccessful bid for the presidency in 2016. If Chelsea does decide to enter politics, she will no doubt bring her tech-savvy skills to the table. In an increasingly digital world, the ability to navigate social media and other online platforms is becoming essential for politicians who want to connect with voters. Overall, the story of Barack and Hillary's mobile phone troubles is a reminder that even the most powerful people in the world can struggle with technology. However, with a little help from the younger generation, anyone can learn to become a smartphone whizz.