article: The U.S. is adding 350 more troops to help protect the American Embassy in Baghdad and its support facilities in the capital, amid growing fears of an ISIS attack. President Barack Obama approved the additional troops for protection of American personnel following a request by the State Department and a review and recommendation by the Defense Department, the White House said in a statement. The buildup of U.S. troops in Baghdad follows the growing threat from Islamic State militants in northern Iraq. Earlier on Tuesday, ISIS had released a video showing the beheading of captured American journalist Steven Sotloff. President Barack Obama waves as he boards Air Force One at Andrews Air Force Base on Tuesday, the same day that he authorized 350 more troops to be assigned to the U.S. Embassy in Baghdad . In the video entitled 'A Second Message to America,' Sotloff appears in a orange jumpsuit before he is beheaded by an Islamic State fighter. The executioner  – known as ‘Jihadi John’ - tells the camera: 'I’m back, Obama, and I’m back because of your arrogant foreign policy towards the Islamic State.' Sotloff is the second American journalist to be killed by ISIS, and his death comes two weeks after James Foley was executed in a similar video. Since early August the U.S. has carried out 114 airstrikes against the militants, the latest taking place near Mosul Dam on Monday. In the video released of Sotloff's execution, 'Jihadi John' tells the camera that his death is due to 'your arrogant foreign policy towards the Islamic State . The decision raises the number of U.S. forces in the country to over 1,000. The additional troops will not serve in a combat role, the White House said. Most are from the Army and some are Marines, the Pentagon said in a statement. Approximately 820 troops have now been assigned to augment diplomatic security in Iraq, said Rear Adm. John Kirby, the Pentagon's spokesman. The additional troops will come from within the U.S. Central Command area of operations and will include a headquarters element, medical personnel, associated helicopters and an air liaison team, Kirby said. Fifty-five troops in Baghdad since June will be redeployed outside of Iraq and replaced by 405 newly deployed troops, he said. The airstrike on Monday near Mosul Dam involved fighters and attack aircraft that damaged or destroyed 16 armed vehicles, Central Command said in a statement late on Tuesday.
highlights: Troops - Army and some Marines - will have a mission to protect the U.S. Embassy in Baghdad rather than serve in a combat role . The decision is in response to the growing threat from Islamic State militants in northern Iraq . President Obama approved a request made by the State Department on Tuesday . Earlier the same day ISIS had released a video showing the beheading of captured American journalist Steven Sotloff . Decision raises the number of U.S. forces in Iraq to over 1,000 .
id: 21ff68e9b88407f01b3f799965ad552f8c423144
chatgpt: Troops, including Army and some Marines, will now have a new mission to protect the U.S. Embassy in Baghdad instead of serving in a combat role. This decision comes in response to the growing threat from Islamic State militants in northern Iraq. The State Department requested this action from the U.S. government, and President Obama approved it on Tuesday. The decision came after ISIS released a video earlier the same day showing the brutal beheading of captured American journalist Steven Sotloff. The decision to increase security for the embassy raised the number of U.S. forces in Iraq to over 1,000. This move shows the U.S. government's ongoing commitment to ensuring the safety of its citizens both abroad and at home. In addition to the embassy, other U.S. facilities in Baghdad will also receive added security measures. The decision was taken in light of the continued threat that ISIS poses not just to Americans but to all those who oppose their extremist ideology. While the decision will no doubt be welcomed by many in the U.S., it is also expected to draw criticism from some quarters. Some may argue that this amounts to mission creep and further entrenchment in an already complex conflict. However, proponents of the decision argue that protecting American interests abroad, including its citizens and diplomatic staff, is one of the fundamental duties of the U.S. government. The decision to increase security at the embassy and other facilities in Baghdad is a natural step in that direction. The U.S. is not alone in its concerns about ISIS. Countries from around the world have condemned the group's barbaric tactics and have pledged to do what they can to help combat them. However, no country can defeat ISIS alone, and the U.S. government has always acknowledged the need for international cooperation in fighting the terrorist group. The decision to increase security at the embassy is just one part of that broader effort. Nevertheless, it is clear that the threat from ISIS continues to grow, and the U.S. and its allies must do more to counter it. This latest decision to increase security at the embassy is just one small step in that fight. However, it is an important one that helps to underline the U.S. government's ongoing commitment to ensuring the safety and security of its citizens both at home and abroad.