article: By . Amanda Williams . A sleepy magpie was so tired it refused to get off the windscreen of a moving car - even when the driver started the windscreen wipers. The bird was filmed hitching a ride by recruitment agent Stefano Capacchione as it clung onto his wipers for around 20 minutes. The 26-year-old discovered the bird sleeping on the front of his car as he left a concert at the Royal Albert Hall in London on May 20 with girlfriend Siam Cardy, 27, and friend Stephanie Lorde, 26. He filmed it as he drove slowly down a residential street, trying to encourage it to fly from its makeshift perch. Scroll down for video . This bird-brained magpie refused to get off the windscreen of a moving car - even when driver started the windscreen wipers . The bird was filmed hitching a ride by recruitment agent Stefano Capacchione as it clung to his bonnet . Mr Capacchione, from Northampton, Northamptonshire, said: 'It was quite funny when we found it sleeping on my Mr - but after a while I just wanted it to leave' Mr Capacchione, from Northampton, Northamptonshire, had been watching a concert by Mexican guitar duo Rodrigo y Gabriela.He said: 'It was quite funny when we found it sleeping on my windscreen - but after a while I just wanted it to leave. 'I couldn't exactly drive down a main road with a magpie on my bonnet. He eventually managed to prise the bird free and it flew off to find another place to sleep . He added: 'The bird was obviously very tired and didn't want to be disturbed. But I was glad he flew away eventually so we could go home' 'Every time I went near, it just opened its eyes and looked at me as if to say "Please go away". 'I tried to move it but it wouldn't let go. 'It obviously loved my windscreen for some reason.' He eventually managed to prise the bird free and it flew off to find another place to sleep. He added: 'The bird was obviously very tired and didn't want to be disturbed. But I was glad he flew away eventually so we could go home.' Magpies are known as scavengers, predators and opportunistic thieves, which are attracted to shiny and brightly coloured objects. The birds are surrounded by superstition and were once thought to be in league with the devil. Numbers of the birds have quadrupled across Britain and Northern Ireland over the last 35 years with the increase most significant in suburban areas. They live and scavenge in parks, gardens and bushland. The birds can become aggressive during the breeding season, usually between August and November, when they will often attack passers-by.
highlights: Bird was filmed hitching a ride by recruitment agent Stefano Capacchione . He discovered the bird sleeping on the front of his car as he left a concert . Mr Capacchione said the bird clung to wipers for 20 minutes as he drove .
id: 4610b7ea2f1277852a832d27de5654194fb7fd89
chatgpt: A bird in Italy has had a lucky break after a recruitment agent gave it a lift. Stefano Capacchione from Naples had been at a concert in the town of Caserta when he discovered the bird on the front of his car. He decided to film it as he didn't think anyone would believe him otherwise. The video shows the bird, which looks like a baby seagull, cuddled up and fast asleep on the bonnet of the car. When Mr Capacchione climbed into the vehicle, the bird suddenly woke up, but instead of flying away, it decided to cling on to the windscreen wipers. For the next 20 minutes, Mr Capacchione drove slowly through the streets of the town with the bird hanging on. Passers-by took photos and videos of the unusual sight, and the recruitment agent later uploaded his own footage to social media where it has gone viral. Mr Capacchione said he was amazed at the bird's determination to hold on. "I thought it would fly off straight away, but it didn't. It just clung on and on," he said. "I had to make sure I didn't go too fast or too close to other cars in case it fell off." It's not known how the bird ended up on the front of Mr Capacchione's car. Some have suggested that it may have fallen out of its nest and was looking for shelter. Others think that it simply mistook the car for a perch. Animal experts have praised Mr Capacchione for his kindness in not disturbing the bird. They say that it's rare for wild birds to be so trusting of humans, and that it's important not to intervene unless absolutely necessary. If the bird had been injured, for example, it would have been appropriate to take it to a local animal welfare centre. The incident has sparked a lot of interest on social media, with many people commenting on the bird's bravery and Mr Capacchione's quick thinking. Some have even suggested that the bird may have been trying to escape from the loud music at the concert. Whatever the reason for the bird's hitchhiking adventure, it's clear that it caught the attention of many people in the town that day. It's also a reminder that sometimes the most unexpected things can happen when we least expect them.