article: Cambridge United hero Ryan Donaldson couldn't hide his delight secured a 'dream' Old Trafford replay after his side held Manchester United to a 0-0 draw in the FA Cup on Friday night. The winger was man-of-the-match  as the League Two side held the Red Devils in their fourth round tie, and was full of praise for his team-mates following the hard-earned result. 'It was hard! Really hard. We got penned in but they have world class players and a draw is a dream result for us,' he said. Cambridge United team-mates Ryan Donaldson (left) and Tom Champion celebrate at full time . Cambridge United hero Donaldson was delighted with earning a 'dream' replay at Old Trafford . Donaldson runs with the ball as Man United players Daley Blind (left) and Michael Carrick (right) look on . Cambridge winger Donaldson is pulled to the ground by Manchester United's Adnan Januzaj (right) 'They had two great chances in the second half and we will take a draw any day. It's going to be surreal at Old Trafford but we have been to Wembley twice last year - not bad is it?' 'I thought it was quite an even game in terms of chances. We will take this. It's incredible. We've played at Wembley before and the gaffer has been saying all season that this cup run can give us those moments again. 'How many people will we take to Old Trafford? 15,000? I don't know. How many tickets we get we will sell out I am sure.' Meanwhile, Cambridge United boss Richard Money was also full of praise for his side following the game. 'I am extremely proud of each and everyone of my players,' he said. Manchester United's Argentinian defender Marcos Rojo (left) tackles Donaldson of Cambridge . Cambridge United boss Richard Money was full of praise for his players following the match . Radamel Falcao, Angel di Maria (centre) and Carrick (right) had a frustrating night for Man United . 'In the first half we carried a threat. In the second half it becomes world class players keeping the ball and I thought our organisation was good and we defended really well. We needed the goalkeeper and centre-backs to be good and they were. 'We tried to make sure the game didn't faze them in the tunnel and to look at the badge and go out work hard and see what happens. We were confident we could compete. We'll take the replay of course.'
highlights: Man-of-the-match Ryan Donaldson excited by 'dream' replay . Manchester United held to a goalless draw by Cambridge United . Cambridge boss Richard Money full of praise for his players .
id: e3323b22829450c432d89b23e5c39583d803dbc4
chatgpt: Ryan Donaldson, the man-of-the-match for Cambridge United during their clash with Manchester United, was thrilled with the opportunity to replay against the Premier League giants. Despite the match ending in a goalless draw, Donaldson described the experience as a "dream come true." The midfielder played a key role in the match, creating several chances for the League Two side in the first half. Speaking after the game, Donaldson expressed his delight at the performance of his team, saying, "I think we've done ourselves proud. We had a game plan, and we stuck to it. We had a couple of chances, but unfortunately, we couldn't put them away." Despite the result, the Cambridge boss, Richard Money, was full of praise for his players. "I thought we were excellent tonight," he said. "We kept our shape well and limited Manchester United to just a few chances." Money's side had a chance to snatch a shock win late on, after substitute Tom Elliott was brought down in the box by Daley Blind. However, striker Kwesi Appiah's penalty was saved by United keeper Sergio Romero. The result means that Cambridge United will have to replay their fourth-round tie at Old Trafford, with the winner set to progress to the fifth round of the competition. For Donaldson, the chance to play at one of the most iconic stadiums in world football is an opportunity he is relishing. "It's a dream come true to play at Old Trafford," he said. "We know it will be tough, but we'll give it our all and see what happens." United boss Louis Van Gaal was left frustrated by his team's inability to break down a resolute Cambridge defence. "We were not creative enough," he admitted. "We had a lot of possession, but we didn't turn that into chances." The Dutchman, however, remained confident that his side would be able to get the job done in the replay. "We have another chance, and we will take that chance and win the match," he said. The replay is set to take place on February 3, with Cambridge United hoping to cause a major upset and knock Manchester United out of the cup. For Donaldson and his teammates, it is an opportunity to create history and etch their names into footballing folklore.