article: By . Tim Shipman . PUBLISHED: . 17:19 EST, 27 September 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 17:19 EST, 27 September 2012 . He showed plenty of energy when doing the foxtrot on Strictly Come Dancing. But when it comes to meetings, it seems Vince Cable doesn’t have quite the same vigour. Some mischievous Lib Dems have claimed the 69-year-old Business Secretary is not fit to be a future party leader because he falls asleep at work. Ageism? Allies of Nick Clegg have accused the sexegenarian Business Secretary of falling asleep during meetings . Allies of Nick Clegg made the withering attack on the party favourite after he ran a campaign in recent weeks positioning himself as Mr Clegg’s successor if the Lib Dem leader were to ‘fall under a bus’. He has publicly flirted with Labour leader Ed Miliband, provoking talk that Mr Cable would become Chancellor in a future Lib-Lab coalition. Mr Cable, who will be 72 at the next election, insists that he is not too old for the job. Irritated by Mr Cable’s self-promotion, Mr Clegg’s friends have cast doubt on that claim. One told the Mail that Mr Cable’s diary of meetings is too much for him. The source added: ‘Vince will find it hard to even mount a leadership campaign, let alone be leader. He struggles to stay awake all day as it is.’ Earlier this week Mr Cable, a keen . dancer who appeared on the Strictly Come Dancing Christmas special in . 2010, said: ‘I’ve got one of the toughest jobs in government, I work . hard, I’ve got plenty of energy, I’ve got good health, I don’t see my . age as being a problem.’ His allies say that he ‘cannot envisage circumstances’ under which he would challenge Mr Clegg for the leadership. But they are adamant that he would not stand aside for a younger man if Mr Clegg went. He is likely to have at least three rivals for the job. Energy Secretary Ed Davey has let it be known he would challenge Mr Cable for the leadership. And the Mail can reveal that Home Office Minister Jeremy Browne has also decided to stand if his mentor quits. They are likely to be joined by party president Tim Farron. Mr Cable’s supporters believe he could command respect as a caretaker leader. A friend hit back by saying: ‘What a pathetic smear.’ Mr Cable’s spokesman said: ‘There aren’t many people who could do his job and still have the energy for ballroom, salsa and tango.’
highlights: Vince Cable will be 72 by the time of the next election .
id: 31124e72ea44d38d54d20f0bf6f80453a551fd8d
chatgpt: Former leader of the Liberal Democrats, Sir Vince Cable, has announced that he will retire from politics at the next General Election. At 72, he is looking to spend more time with family and to pursue his archaeological interests. Sir Vince has been a formidable figure in British politics for decades, having first been elected as MP for Twickenham in 1997. However, despite a long and distinguished career, he has decided that now is the time to step back from the front line. In recent years, Sir Vince has been a vocal opponent of Brexit and a strong advocate for a second referendum. He has also been critical of the current government's economic policies, particularly its approach to austerity. His departure will likely be keenly felt by the Liberal Democrats, who have struggled to make an impact in recent elections. Speaking to reporters, Sir Vince said that he had been considering retirement for some time. "I've been in politics for a long time, and I feel that it's time for me to move on to other things," he said. "I'm looking forward to spending more time with my family, and to exploring my interest in archaeology." He also took the opportunity to reflect on his time in politics, saying that he was proud of what he had achieved. "I've had the privilege of serving my constituents for over 20 years, and of leading my party during some challenging times," he said. "I think we've made a real difference, particularly on issues like social justice and economic reform." Sir Vince's retirement will no doubt be seen as a blow to the Liberal Democrats, who are currently languishing in the polls. The party has struggled to make its voice heard in Westminster, and is facing stiff competition from other parties such as the Greens and the Brexit Party. However, some analysts have suggested that Sir Vince's departure could be an opportunity for the party to renew itself. "The Liberal Democrats have been struggling for a long time, and they need to find a new direction if they're going to be successful," said political commentator John Smith. "Sir Vince's retirement could be a chance for them to reset and come up with some fresh ideas." Regardless of what the future holds for the Liberal Democrats, Sir Vince's retirement is a reminder of the changing face of British politics. With many long-serving MPs stepping down in recent years, there is a sense that a new generation is emerging. As Sir Vince himself said, "politics is always changing, and it's important that we make way for new voices and new ideas." Whether the Liberal Democrats can find those new voices and ideas remains to be seen, but one thing is clear: Sir Vince Cable's time in politics has come to an end, and a new era is beginning.