article: Washington (CNN) -- Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush's opposition to President Obama's executive action on deportations puts him in the uncomfortable position of running counter to policy moves taken by both his father and his brother during their presidencies. It's the latest example of the complications Bush has faced on the immigration issue as he considers a 2016 presidential run. Bush has long drawn criticism from conservatives for his more moderate positions on reform, including his support for a pathway to citizenship for those here illegally. His Friday statement on Obama's executive action to protect nearly 5 million immigrants from deportation was nuanced, taking aim only at the tactic, not the ultimate effect. "President Obama's ill-advised unilateral action on illegal immigration undermines all efforts to forge a permanent solution to this crisis. Action must come in the form of bipartisan comprehensive reform passed through Congress," Bush said. He later tweeted that the move was "an abuse of power." But both Presidents George H.W. Bush and his son used similar unilateral action to protect immigrants from the threat of deportation under similar circumstances. In 2001 President George W. Bush extended protections to as many as 150,000 Salvadorans in the United States illegally. And the elder Bush implemented a "Family Fairness" policy to allow an estimated 1.5 million close family members of newly legalized immigrants under the sweeping 1986 immigration reform measure to avoid deportation while they applied for legal status. Those moves were used by Democrats to defend the legality of Obama's executive action. And Julie Myers Wood, a former George W. Bush administration official who wrote a memo arguing for prosecutorial discretion on deportations, admitted that there was some hypocrisy from Republicans in opposition to this move. "I think there's a lot of hypocrisy on both sides," she told CNN, "but certainly prosecutorial discretion has been a longstanding policy." She said, however, Obama's move was unique because of "the broadness of the scope and the lack of individualized assessments," and because Obama was expanding access to work permits. Wood echoed Jeb Bush's concern over the tactic used to solve the problem, saying that while she "actually liked the result that we're getting...it's an odd way to do it." But she also acknowledged the President was running out of options to solve the problem. "What was the President to do?" Wood asked. She added: "This needed to be done. It's a pretty broken system."
highlights: Jeb Bush hammered Obama for unilateral action, but past Bush presidents have done similar . George H.W. Bush, son both gave relief to undocumented during their presidencies . Former Bush administration official says there's "hypocrisy" from both parties on the issue .
id: 9bd9446c8ebb59462388420fcbcb4095716ea6ec
chatgpt: In a recent speech, former governor of Florida Jeb Bush criticized former President Barack Obama’s use of executive action to pass laws, arguing that it represents a violation of constitutional principles and a failure of democratic leadership. However, it seems that his own family’s presidential history contradicts his remarks. George H.W. Bush, Jeb’s father, and George W. Bush, Jeb’s brother, both utilized executive orders to grant relief to undocumented immigrants during their respective presidencies. George H.W. Bush signed the Immigration Act of 1990, which provided a path to citizenship for millions of undocumented immigrants, while George W. Bush created the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program, which protected young undocumented immigrants from deportation. Despite their previous actions, many Republicans have since taken a hardline stance against immigration, particularly under the Trump administration. In response to Jeb’s comments, a former Bush administration official noted the “hypocrisy” of both parties on the issue. “The Republicans have been for and against immigration at different times, and Democrats have similarly flip-flopped on the issue,” the official explained. “It’s hypocritical for Jeb to criticize Obama’s use of executive action when his own family has done similar things in the past.” The tension over executive action has been a recurring issue in American politics. Some argue that it is necessary for presidents to act swiftly in situations where Congress is unable or unwilling to pass legislation, while others see it as a usurpation of democratic principles. While the topic of executive action is often framed as a partisan issue, it is clear that both parties have used it to their advantage over the years. However, as the country becomes increasingly polarized, it seems that the debate over its use will only intensify. As the 2020 presidential election approaches, the candidates’ views on executive action and immigration will likely come under scrutiny. Whether or not the Bush family’s history of utilizing executive orders for immigration relief will factor into the debate remains to be seen. For now, Jeb’s comments serve as a stark reminder of the complex and at times contradictory nature of American politics. As politicians on both sides of the aisle continue to grapple with issues related to immigration and executive action, one thing is certain: the debate is far from over.