article: (CNN) -- In another move to crack down on information flowing out of Iran, the Islamic Republic's judicial chief has ordered the prosecution of individuals "who cooperate with satellite television programming providers," a reformist newspaper reported Sunday. Iran's judicial chief reportedly has ordered the prosecution of people who "collaborate" with satellite TV networks. "The individuals, who in any way collaborate with these networks or are entrenched in the nucleus of organizations which are active through Internet sites, must be adequately and properly subject to legal actions. It is imperative that this phenomenon be seriously dealt with by all judicial authorities of the country as well as by provincial judicial authorities," Ayatollah Seyyed Mahmoud Hashemi-Shahroudi said in his order, which was quoted by the newspaper Hamshahri. The ayatollah called on local judicial heads to work with investigators to determine "intentions, objectives and their sources of financial, political and intelligence support" of individuals who "operate against the system," according to Hamshahri, a widely circulated pro-reform publication that has been in print for more than a decade. The scope of the reported threat and whether it was referring to international networks, reporters and stringers was not immediately clear. Because international journalists have been limited in their ability to gather news in Iran, CNN has not been able to confirm the news report. However, the government has been trying to limit the flow of online information and other forms of communications in Iran, according to activists and human rights officials. Since June 12, when disputed presidential election results sent tens of thousands of Iranians into the streets to protest, the world got a front-row view of the unrest thanks largely to dissidents using online tools to spread the news. News from Internet users has been important as Iran's government began kicking out some reporters from traditional media outlets, arresting others and restricting the movements of those who remained. More than 1,000 people have been arrested over the election fallout, including several journalists, according to the international human rights watchdog Amnesty International. Most recently, the semi-official Fars News Agency reported that a journalist for Newsweek magazine who was arrested in Tehran confessed to doing the bidding of Western governments, though CNN could not verify the report. Maziar Bahari, 42, made his alleged confession at a news conference Tuesday. Fars reported that the Canadian-Iranian reporter, who had worked for the BBC and England's Channel 4 network, admitted having filed false reports for Newsweek during the elections. The magazine has rejected the allegation. CNN's Doug Gross contributed to this report.
highlights: Reported move follows other efforts by Iran to slow information coming out of country . Iran began kicking out, detaining journalists shortly after disputed June 12 elections . Rights group: Hundreds of people have been arrested over the election fallout .
id: fe92967768e0752c47fc677f50788ddb137e2159
chatgpt: Iran has reportedly taken steps to further limit the flow of information out of the country. The move comes as part of a wider effort by the Iranian government to control the narrative surrounding events in the country. According to reports, Iran has been kicking out and detaining journalists since the disputed June 12th elections. The elections, which saw incumbent President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad declared the winner, were widely seen as being rigged. Since then, hundreds of people have been arrested over the election fallout, according to rights groups. Many of those detained are journalists or bloggers critical of the Iranian government. The move to restrict information coming out of the country is not new. In recent years, Iran has attempted to tighten its grip on the internet, with officials blocking social media sites and restricting access to certain websites. According to analysts, these efforts are part of a broader strategy by the Iranian government to control the flow of information and silence dissent. In recent years, the Iranian government has faced mounting criticism over its human rights record, with rights groups accusing it of cracking down on political dissent and suppressing freedom of speech. The government has denied these accusations, saying that it is simply trying to maintain stability in the face of foreign interference. However, critics say that the measures are designed to stifle any criticism of the government and prevent the emergence of any opposition movements. Despite these efforts, there are still independent voices emerging from within the country. Journalists and bloggers continue to report on events in Iran, often using social media channels to share information. Despite the risks involved, these independent voices are a vital source of information and provide a much-needed alternative to the official government line. As the Iranian government continues its efforts to control the narrative, it remains to be seen whether they will be successful in silencing these independent voices. Ultimately, the future of Iran will depend on the ability of its people to speak freely, and to challenge the government when necessary. The world will be watching closely to see what happens next.