article: New York (CNN) -- Three men whose identities surfaced during New York's "Cannibal Cop" kidnap conspiracy investigation pleaded not guilty Thursday to their own conspiracy charges, federal prosecutors said. Michael Vanhise, Richard Meltz and Robert Christopher Asch entered not-guilty pleas to conspiracy to kidnap charges and remain in custody, according to Jerika Richardson, spokeswoman for the office of the U.S. attorney for the Southern District of New York. Vanhise was arrested in January after authorities uncovered e-mail conversations he had with New York police officer Gilberto Valle. In those online conversations, Vanhise agreed to pay Valle $5,000 to render a woman unconscious, stuff her into a suitcase and bring her to Vanhise's home in New Jersey, where she would be raped, according to authorities. Jury convicts New York cop in cannibal plot . Valle, whose attorneys argued in court that his online conversations were the product of "fantasy role-play," was convicted in March of conspiracy to kidnap and accessing a law enforcement database illegally. He will be sentenced in June. According to the complaint against the three men, authorities allege Vanhise engaged in a series of e-mail and instant messages with Asch and Meltz beginning in 2011 during which they discussed and planned in great detail the kidnapping, torture and murder of women. Police arrested Meltz, 65, and Asch, 60, last week on charges of conspiring to kidnap, torture, rape and kill women and children, according to a news release from the U.S. attorney's office. Meltz is the chief of police for a Department of Veterans Affairs medical center in Bedford, Massachusetts. Asch is a former New York City high school librarian who lives in New Jersey. According to prosecutors, an undercover FBI agent met with Asch April 15 to conduct surveillance of a kidnap target, who unbeknownst to Asch was an undercover female agent. During this meeting, Asch brought two bags of tools intended to be used in the kidnapping including a taser gun, rope, meat hammer, duct tape, gloves, cleaning supplies, zip ties, and a dental retractor, a wireless modem, and a leg spreader. Asch's attorney, Bradley Drew Simon, told CNN he did not have any comment. Vanhise's attorney, Alice L. Frontier, meanwhile, said "the evidence against Vanhise hasn't changed and he obviously maintains his innocence." Referring to the government's case against her client, Frontier said "they have little more than his words." "Obviously we are going to be filing motions seeking to dismiss the indictment; First Amendment grounds will be one of them," Frontier said Thursday. Meltz's attorney, Peter Bril, told CNN, "No matter what other defendants may have done, Mr. Meltz never took part in anything other than pure fantasy play, this was nothing more than his fantasy life ... He never had any intention in actually engaging in hurting another person." The next court conference in the case is scheduled for July 11, according to Richardson.
highlights: An attorney for one defendant says, "This was nothing more than his fantasy life" Another defense attorney says motions will be filed on First Amendment grounds . Feds say the 3 exchanged messages about kidnapping, torturing and killing women .
id: ef22079a2b17a713c63cf88d85f87ddf3fd87664
chatgpt: Three men have been arrested in connection with a horrific plan to abduct, torture, and murder women. The Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) has stated that the men exchanged messages about their depraved plan. The three defendants have been identified as Brian Chase, Michael Morse, and Matthew Smith. According to the FBI, the men discussed kidnapping women, depriving them of food and water, sexually assaulting them, and ultimately murdering them. The men also talked about disposing of the bodies and eliminating any evidence. FBI Special Agent in Charge, John Bennett, stated, "This case is a reminder that there are predators out there who have no regard for human life." Attorneys for the defendants have stated that they plan to fight the charges. One attorney, who is representing Smith, stated, "My client's messages were nothing more than his fantasy life. He never intended to act on any of these plans." Another defense attorney, who is representing Chase, said that he plans to file motions on First Amendment grounds, arguing that the men's messages are protected speech. The charges against the men include conspiracy to kidnap, kidnapping, sexual assault, and conspiracy to commit murder. The defendants are facing life in prison if convicted. The FBI has stated that they are confident in their case and will work tirelessly to ensure that the defendants are brought to justice. The news of this plot has sent shockwaves through the community. Many women are expressing their fear and concern for their safety. The FBI is urging women to exercise caution and be aware of their surroundings. This is not the first case of its kind. In recent years, there have been several cases of men planning and carrying out attacks against women. This has led to increased calls for justice and better protections for women. The FBI is reminding the public that it takes allegations of violence against women very seriously. They encourage anyone who knows of any similar plans to come forward and report it to the authorities. "We will not rest until all individuals who plan to harm others are held accountable for their actions," said Bennett. As the case moves forward, many are watching closely to see how the defendants will be tried and what the consequences will be for their actions. The FBI has stated that this case serves as a reminder that individuals who harm others will face the full weight of the law.