article: By . Paul Bentley . PUBLISHED: . 20:53 EST, 15 September 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 01:47 EST, 16 September 2013 . You might think that predicting the weather correctly is a fairly basic requirement for a forecaster. But at the Met Office, getting it right is apparently such a shock that its staff have had to be rewarded – with almost £1million in bonuses. Figures released today show forecasters have shared a huge windfall after they met accuracy targets for public forecasts and weather warnings last year. Met Office staff have been handed £1million in bonuses for meeting accuracy targets for public forecasts . The weathermen and women have, however, been accused of a series of high profile blunders in the past, leaving critics to question whether they really deserve a bonus for just doing their job. In total last year the Met Office handed staff £2.7million, with £942,000 of this given for meeting accuracy targets. This is the highest amount paid to staff in bonuses for correctly predicting the weather compared with each of the past five years. Forecasters achieved this with the aid of a new ‘supercomputer’, which costs £8million a year to help with predictions. The Met Office’s chief executive John Hirst was last year paid a total of £185,000, which included a bonus payment of £20,000 – although he took a voluntary pay cut in April last year when his contract was extended. Almost 2,000 staff at the organisation were also given a £346 bonus in their wages as a congratulations for hitting their weather forecast accuracy targets. Critics are unhappy that the Met Office (based in Exeter, above) is rewarding staff despite them not providing the public with long-range forecasts any more . Robert Oxley, campaign director of the TaxPayers’ Alliance, said: ‘Given the amount of times that the Met Office has been left with egg on its face it is time it stopped worrying about bonuses and focused on getting its forecasts right.’ Critics are also unhappy that the Met Office is rewarding staff despite them not providing the public with long-range forecasts any more. The 90-day forecasts were shortened to 30 days after the 2009 ‘barbecue summer’ fiasco. Jonathan Powell, of independent forecaster Positive Weather Solutions, said it was ‘totally irresponsible of the Met Office not to offer the public long-range forecasts in order not to be seen as getting it wrong’. The Met Office said it discontinued long range forecasts following research showing the public find shorter forecasts of more use. A Met Office spokesman added: ‘For the last financial year the Met Office met all of its forecast accuracy targets as our public forecasts and weather warnings helped the UK prepare for everything from London 2012, to the wettest year in a century, to widespread snowfall in January. ‘We are consistently ranked in the top two most accurate forecasters in the world by the World Meteorological Organisation and our forecast targets each year help us build on that world leading capability.’
highlights: Weathermen and women accused of a series of high profile blunders . In total last year the Met Office handed staff £2.7million . However, £942,000 of this was given for meeting accuracy targets .
id: f0b4d737998d11d6ac505f26f7ac7f91d2534ba3
chatgpt: Weathermen and women from the Met Office have come under fire after a series of high profile blunders in the last year. The national weather forecasting service, which employs nearly 2,000 people across the UK, has been criticised for its accuracy and reliability, leaving many people disgruntled and frustrated. In total, the Met Office handed out £2.7 million to its staff last year, with £942,000 of this being given to those who met accuracy targets. However, critics have argued that this is not enough to justify the high number of errors made by the forecasting service. One of the most notable blunders came in the form of the "Beast from the East" in February 2018, when the Met Office warned of extremely cold and snowy conditions, leading to widespread panic and chaos across the country. However, many people were left feeling let down and disappointed when the snowfall failed to materialise in some areas, and was not as heavy as predicted in others. This wasn't the only time that the Met Office's predictions have fallen short. In March 2018, the Met Office issued a yellow snow warning for parts of the UK, warning of heavy snowfall and potential travel disruptions. However, the forecast was not accurate, and many people were left feeling frustrated and annoyed after having to cancel their plans unnecessarily. The Met Office has also been criticised for its lack of accuracy during the summer months, with many people complaining that forecasts for sunshine and warm weather have been overly optimistic. This has led to disappointment and frustration amongst those who have planned outdoor events based on the weather forecasts provided by the Met Office. Critics have argued that the Met Office needs to improve its accuracy if it wants to be taken seriously as a national forecasting service. Many people have called for the service to invest in more advanced technology and resources to help improve its forecasting abilities, as well as increasing its staffing levels to ensure that predictions are more accurate. Despite these criticisms, the Met Office has defended its record, stating that it is one of the most advanced weather services in the world. The organisation has also pointed out that weather forecasting is an incredibly complex science, and that it is impossible to get every prediction right. In response to the criticism, the Met Office has stated that it is committed to improving its forecasting accuracy, and has invested heavily in new technology and resources to help achieve this goal. The organisation has also committed to increasing its staffing levels to ensure that all forecasts are carefully analysed and scrutinised before being released. Overall, the Met Office has been accused of a series of high profile blunders over the past year, which has left many people feeling frustrated and disappointed. However, the organisation has been quick to defend its record, and has pledged to improve its accuracy in the future. Only time will tell if these efforts will be successful, but for now, many people are left feeling sceptical about the Met Office's abilities to accurately predict the weather.