article: (CNN) -- The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency investigating drinking water contamination in Pavillion, Wyoming, found benzene and methane in wells and in groundwater, agency officials said. At a community meeting with well owners, EPA officials revealed Tuesday they found low levels of petroleum compounds in 17 of 19 drinking water wells sampled, and that nearby shallow groundwater was contaminated with high levels of petroleum compounds such as benzene, according to the report. The affected well owners were advised not to drink the water at the recommendation of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services' Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry, and told to use alternate sources of water for drinking and cooking, agency officials said. Meanwhile, the EPA is working with various government partners and EnCana, a natural gas company, to provide affected residents with water and to address potential sources of the contamination, agency officials said. The study included sampling 21 domestic wells within the area of concern, two municipal wells, plus sediment and water from a nearby creek. The EPA also sampled groundwater and soil from pit remediation sites, and produced water and condensate from five production wells operated by the primary natural gas operator in the area, agency officials said. No health concerns were found related to inhalation exposure to chemicals while showering or using evaporative coolers, agency officials said. The EPA has not reached any conclusions about the sources of chemical compounds found in drinking water wells, including hydraulic fracturing, or "fracking," the controversial process used to extract natural gas from underground, agency officials said. Officials are uncertain if the contaminated shallow groundwater will migrate to the drinking water aquifer, according to the report. "EPA will work as long as necessary to ensure that Pavillion residents have safe water," Jim Martin, EPA's regional administrator in Denver, said in a statement released Tuesday. "While our investigation continues, EPA has secured commitments from our partners to identify alternate sources of water for affected homes and to evaluate long-term solutions." In addition to detecting several petroleum hydrocarbons, the EPA found a number of "inorganic constituents" such as sodium and sulfates in drinking and groundwater wells, according to the report. In spring 2008, residents of Pavillion -- concerned about the quality of their drinking water -- contacted the EPA in Denver, Colorado. The agency sampled 39 individual wells (37 residential wells and two municipal wells) in March 2009 and found nitrate, arsenic and methane gas. The agency conducted the second sampling in January 2010. Over the past week, officials from EPA and the federal agency for toxic substances met privately with individual residents to provide health information and recommendations based on well-specific sampling results, agency officials said.
highlights: Residents of a Wyoming town became concerned about well water in 2008 . EPA tests have found various chemical compounds . Affected well owners have been advised not to drink the water . Federal officials have not determined the source of the compounds .
id: a3e66d441a6421092f5735c6e2d65d1295a9c2e2
chatgpt: Residents of Pavillion, Wyoming have been living with concern since 2008, when concerns were first raised about the quality of the town’s well water. EPA tests have found various chemical compounds at levels that greatly exceed the safe thresholds recommended by the agency. As a result, affected well owners have been advised against drinking the water. The presence of the harmful chemicals in the water has sparked concern among the residents of Pavillion, who had grown increasingly worried about the consistent decline in their health. Local doctors have reported that some patients have experienced headaches, digestive problems, fatigue, and other ailments that could be related to the contaminated water. While federal officials have not determined the source of the chemical compounds, many are pointing fingers at the oil and gas industry. Pavillion is located in an area where natural gas is extracted through hydraulic fracturing, or fracking. Environmental experts warn that fracking can contaminate groundwater and potentially expose residents to harmful chemicals. The residents of Pavillion are not the only ones experiencing problems with their well water. More than 15 million Americans rely on private wells for their drinking water, and many are discovering that their water contains unsafe levels of dangerous chemicals like arsenic, lead, and bacteria. This situation highlights a serious public health issue that has been largely ignored by the federal government. While the risks associated with well water contamination are well-known, there is little political will to address these problems. Many residents in affected communities are left to bear the brunt of the problem, often spending thousands of dollars on expensive filtration systems or, in some cases, being forced to move. The Pavillion example should serve as a wake-up call to local and state leaders across the country to take action to protect their communities from the potential health hazards posed by contaminated wells. Regulatory action and targeted investments in upgrading water infrastructure are needed to ensure access to safe and clean drinking water for all Americans. The EPA has promised to continue testing the well water in Pavillion and other communities affected by chemical contamination, but it is unclear what further action will be taken to address the problem. What is clear is that affected residents cannot continue to wait and endure the health risks associated with drinking contaminated water. As for Pavillion, the residents are left with little to do but hope for a solution. They must continue to pressure their elected officials to take action against those responsible for contaminating their well water. Until then, they will have to rely on bottled water and hope for a resolution to their health problems.