article: Cristo Reyes became only the second man in World Darts Championship history to advance to the last 16 having entered at the preliminary stage as he upset Kevin Painter on Sunday. The Spaniard fought back from 3-1 behind to stun the No 20 seed in a final set to move through to the last 16. Only once before at Alexandra Palace has a preliminary qualifier reached the third round - South African Devon Peterson last year. Cristo Reyes said he was 'speechless' after beating Kevin Painter in World Darts Championship . The Spaniard fought back from 3-1 behind to stun the No 20 seed in a final set to move through to the last 16 . It was the second major upset that the man from Tenerife has caused after he beat Wes Newton in the first round before Christmas. Reyes, who averaged 88.42 and hit nine 180s, said: ‘I’m speechless. I can’t believe this – it is amazing.’ ‘All my friends and everybody in Spain is watching over the internet because it is not on TV there and we got a lot of messages before this game.’ A frustrated Painter said: ‘It was comical and slightly embarrassing to lose over seven sets to someone with an 88 average. ‘If he can win the in the second round of the World Championships with an 88 average then I’ve got to look at myself. ‘I’m not quite sure how I lost it, but if you don’t take your chances and put people away you pay the price. I don’t think he did enough to win the game, but maybe I didn’t either.’ Painter said it was 'comical and slightly embarrassing to lose over seven sets to someone with an 88 average' Only once before at Alexandra Palace has a preliminary qualifier reached the third round . In the first match of Saturday’s afternoon session, Andy Hamilton survived a blip in the second and third sets to come from behind and beat Kyle Anderson. The No 12 seed took the first set before falling 2-1 behind, but fought back strongly to clinch a 4-2 victory and a place in the last 16, where he will face Peter Wright. Hamilton insisted his average of 90.06 against Anderson will need to improve against Wright, saying: ‘It’s not good enough to win anything.’ ‘I need to step up at least five or six just to compete with Peter Wright. I’m struggling, but still fighting to win games. It’s all about confidence and winning games brings more confidence.’ In the final match of the afternoon session, Kim Huybrechts battled back from the brink to beat Ian White 4-3. The Belgian averaged 93.74 on his way to a final-set win against the No 15 seed, finally sealing his success on double eight having missed his previous four shots at a double.
highlights: Cristo Reyes came from behind to beat Kevin Painter at Alexandra Palace . The Spaniard said he was 'speechless' beating the No 20 seed . Painter described the loss as 'comical and slightly embarrassing'
id: 27defb3e7bda92765fbf6bc24c8eb6b25d62f11a
chatgpt: In a stunning turn of events at Alexandra Palace, Spanish darts player Cristo Reyes came from behind to beat Kevin Painter, one of the tournament's top seeded players. Reyes, who was not expected to pose much of a challenge to the No. 20 seed, appeared stunned by his own victory. "I'm speechless," Reyes said in an interview following the match. "I never expected to beat Kevin, much less to come from behind like that." Reyes attributed his success to "a lot of hard work and determination," adding that he was grateful for the support of his friends and family. The match was a rollercoaster of emotions for both players and their fans. Reyes got off to a slow start, losing the first two sets by a wide margin. Many in the crowd had already written him off as a lost cause, but Reyes wasn't ready to give up just yet. In the third set, Reyes started to find his rhythm, repeatedly hitting the bullseye and sinking crucial shots. Slowly but surely, he began to chip away at Painter's lead. By the time the fourth set rolled around, the two players were neck-and-neck. It was in the final set that Reyes truly shone, delivering a series of darts that left Painter reeling. The No. 20 seed, who had been playing confidently up until that point, suddenly found himself struggling to keep up. In the end, it was Reyes who emerged victorious, much to the delight of his fans. Painter, for his part, took the loss in stride. "It was comical and slightly embarrassing, really," he said in a post-match interview. "I had lots of chances and I just didn't take them. That's darts for you, I suppose." Despite his disappointment, Painter acknowledged that Reyes had played an excellent game. "Cristo is a great player," he said. "He deserved to win today. I'll just have to try harder next time." Reyes will now move on to the next round of the tournament, where he will face off against another top player. The Spanish darts star said he was looking forward to the challenge, but also acknowledged that he would need to work hard to continue his winning streak. "I'm not taking anything for granted," he said. "I know I still have a lot to prove. But I'm ready to give it my all and see where this journey takes me." With a performance like the one he delivered at Alexandra Palace, there's no doubt that Reyes will continue to be a player to watch in the months and years to come.