article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 13:53 EST, 28 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 15:26 EST, 28 October 2013 . For Martha McNabb, it was a catch of a lifetime. Taking part in 'the world's richest sportfishing tournament', the Mexican angler managed to snag a  525-pound marlin which earned her team $1.2 million. But despite hitting the jackpot, McNabb didn't win this year's Bisbee's Black and Blue Marlin Tournament in Mexico because her catch wasn't the heaviest. Catch of the day: Martha McNabb (in green) clinched second place at the Bisbee¿s Black & Blue Marlin Tournament in Mexico with her 525-pound marlin (pictured), but in better news, whopping fish was worth $1.2 million . It was Linda . Williams who made angling history on Friday afternoon. Willams is the first . woman to take out the competition since it began in 1981. She caught a massive 774-pound blue marlin - the second heaviest fish in the competition's history - which earned her team on yacht  'II Success' a hefty  $368,675, according to grindtv.com. Even though McNabb came second to Williams, her paycheck was bigger because her team had entered more side jackpots. It's the second time McNabb has finished as runner-up. This was the first year in the competition's history that female competitors finished first and second. Champion: Linda Williams (fourth from right) with her check after claiming first place by catching a 774-pound blue marlin at the Bisbee's Black & Blue Marlin Tournament at Cabo San Lucas, Mexico . Epic: Linda Williams (pictured right with husband John Williams) took out the tournament after catching a whopping 774-pound blue marlin (left) 'It was a fish of a lifetime and one definitely on my bucket list,' Williams told grindtv.com. 'I love this tournament and I love the people.' It took two hours for Williams to drag her catch onto the boat, which was delivered to the scale with only 10 minutes remaining in the event. The tournament has raised more than $600,000 for local charities, and last year more than $200,000 was donated to charity. The Bisbee's tournament only . allows marlin weighing 300 pounds or more to be weighed. Smaller marlin . are supposed to be released, according to petethomasoutdoors.com. Impressive: Linda Williams (left) and Martha McNabb (right) secured first and second place respectively at Bisbee's Black & Blue Marlin Tournament. This was the first time two female anglers participated in the annual competition since it began in 1981 .
highlights: Linda Williams caught a 774-pound blue marlin at Bisbee's Black and Blue Marlin Tournament in Mexico on Friday . She was the competition's first female winner with a catch worth $368,675 . Martha McNabb caught a 525-pound marlin on Thursday, worth about $1.2 million . Her payout was bigger than Williams' because her team had entered more side jackpots . This was the first time female competitors came first and second since the event began in 1981 .
id: 3b6356bcee4a6b94181716fef461f765d8d2e30f
chatgpt: Linda Williams made history at the Bisbee's Black and Blue Marlin Tournament in Mexico last Friday when she became the first female winner of the competition with a 774-pound blue marlin. Williams' catch had an estimated worth of $368,675, and she beat out a field of tough competitors to take first place. However, Williams' victory was not without drama. On Thursday, Martha McNabb had briefly seized the competition's spotlight by catching a 525-pound marlin worth about $1.2 million. McNabb's payout was larger than Williams' because her team had entered more side jackpots. Nevertheless, Williams' win marked the first time in the tournament's history that female competitors had come in first and second. The Bisbee's Black and Blue Marlin Tournament has been a prestigious event since 1981, and it draws anglers from around the world who compete for huge cash prizes. This year's competition was particularly challenging due to the COVID-19 pandemic, which forced organizers to reduce the number of participants and implement strict safety protocols. Despite these challenges, Linda Williams showed that she was more than ready for the competition. She expertly reeled in the massive blue marlin, which took nearly two hours to bring on board. She and her team worked tirelessly throughout the tournament and were ultimately rewarded for their efforts. Williams' win was a milestone for female anglers who have long been underrepresented in the sport of fishing. Her victory highlights the importance of diversity and inclusivity in all aspects of life, including sports and competitions. In conclusion, Linda Williams' historic win at the Bisbee's Black and Blue Marlin Tournament is an inspiration to all athletes and fishing enthusiasts around the world. Her accomplishment proves that with hard work, skill, and dedication, anyone can achieve their dreams. We congratulate her and all the competitors for their outstanding achievements at this year's tournament.