article: Tucson, Arizona (CNN) -- Arizona shooting victim James Eric Fuller sent his apologies Monday for telling a Tea Party leader, "you are dead." Dorothy DeRuyter, a companion of Fuller's, provided CNN with a statement. "I would like to tender my sincerest apologies to Mr. (Trent) Humphries for my misplaced outrage on Saturday at the St. Odelia's town meeting," Fuller said in the statement. "It was not in the spirit of our allegiance and warm feelings to each other as citizens of our great country." Fuller, 63, was involuntarily committed to a county mental health facility after he photographed Tucson Tea Party founder Humphries and said, "You are dead" when Humphries began speaking at the event. Fuller "is apologetic and very sad" about his outburst, DeRuyter said. "He wishes he could go back and do things differently," she said. Humphries said Fuller's comment came when the town hall discussion turned to gun control. "I was asked to give my thoughts on gun control laws and perhaps the passage of new laws," Humphries said of the incident. "I said something to the effect that although gun rights and laws are not necessarily the primary focus of the Tucson Tea Party, our community needs to be given the opportunity to allow some time to pass and people to heal before we start this type of political dialogue." Fuller, one of 13 people wounded in the January 8 shooting that left six people dead and Rep. Gabrielle Giffords in critical condition, is a disabled veteran and former volunteer for Giffords' campaign. Giffords is still hospitalized, but her condition has been improved to serious. Fuller, who was shot in the knee, had been very vocal since the incident, blaming rhetoric from the right for the shooting. Jared Loughner, 22, has been charged in the shooting, but no evidence has been found that could link a motive to incendiary rhetoric. From CNN's Tom Laabs.
highlights: Fuller: "It was not in spirit of our allegiance" Arizonan was committed for a psychiatric evaluation . Fuller was one of 13 wounded in the Tucson shooting that killed 6 .
id: 0e4b3dbf0c48c2147ed5b43451a6f228e81de753
chatgpt: Arizona shooting survivor, Pam Simon, shared her experience on Thursday as the man who shot her and 12 others in 2011 was committed for a psychiatric evaluation. Jared Lee Loughner killed six people, including a federal judge and a nine-year-old girl, during a political event in Tucson, Arizona.  One of those survivors, Tracy Fuller, was present at the hearing where Loughner was committed. In a statement after the hearing, Fuller expressed her disappointment in the justice system. "It was not in the spirit of our allegiance to be a leader in human rights that not one leader was in attendance to address the tragedy that has affected so many of us," she said.  After opening fire on the political event, Loughner was subdued and arrested. It was later revealed that he had been suffering from severe mental illness at the time of the shooting. Despite this, he was tried and sentenced to life in prison in 2012.  However, a recent review of Loughner's mental health showed that his condition had improved, leading to the judge's decision to commit him for a 90-day evaluation at a federal medical facility. The results of this evaluation will be used to determine whether he is fit to stand trial for a separate crime committed in prison.  For the survivors of the Tucson shooting, the hearing brought back painful memories of loss and trauma. However, Fuller was hopeful that Loughner's evaluation would finally bring some closure. "I'm hoping that the 90-day hearing will give us some answers that will bring us hope in our hearts that this can end," she said.  In the years since the shooting, survivors and families of the victims have been advocating for stricter gun control laws and mental health resources. Simon, who was shot three times but survived, has used her experience to push for these changes. "It is through violence that we create violence," she wrote in a statement. "It is only through non-violence that we can create a world where everyone is safe."  Although Loughner's fate remains uncertain, survivors of the Tucson shooting are still fighting for justice and healing. The commitment for a psychiatric evaluation offers a glimmer of hope for those who have been impacted by this tragedy.