article: Serena Williams has withdrawn from the China Open with a knee injury. The world No 1 was due to face Sam Stosur on Friday, but the Australian will now advance straight into the last four. Williams, who won the US Open last month to join Martina Navratilova and Chris Evert on 18 grand slam singles titles, also pulled out of the Wuhan Open in China last week through illness. Serena Williams, the world No 1, has unfortunately withdrawn from the China Open with a knee injury . World No 1 Williams was due to face Sam Stosur on Friday, but the Australian will now advance into last four . She explained that she felt pain during her 6-1 1-6 6-2 win over 13th seed Lucie Safarova on Thursday and has now decided to join her sister Venus in withdrawing from the competition. 'I started to feel pain this week,' she told www.wtatennis.com. 'It didn't feel really well last night at all. I almost didn't go on the court - I did at the last minute. I think it made it a little worse, to be honest. 'It throbs just sitting, standing. I felt it mostly serving because I'm landing on my left knee. That was really killer for me. Moving was okay - I didn't do a tremendous amount of moving last night. I just tried to move as little as possible. So yeah, I felt it mostly when I was serving during the match. 'I haven't had time to get an MRI scan yet, but I'll do that and see what the problem is.' Stosur, who won the 2011 US Open, will now face third seed Petra Kvitova in the semis after the Czech took an hour and 35 minutes to dispatch Roberta Vinci 7-6 (7/2) 6-4 on Friday. Kvitova's first serve was the difference in a tight contest as she fired down seven aces and proved too much for the Italian in the end. Williams of the United States celebrates winning against Lucie Safarova of Czech Republic in the China Open . Williams: 'I started to feel pain this week. It didn't feel really well last night at all. I almost didn't go on the court'
highlights: Serena Williams was due to face Sam Stosur on Friday, but the Australian will now advance straight into the last four of the China Open . The world No 1 beat  13th seed Lucie Safarova 6-1 1-6 6-2 on Thursday and  decided to join her sister Venus in withdrawing from the competition . Williams: 'I started to feel pain this week. It didn't feel really well last night at all. I almost didn't go on the court - I did at the last minute'
id: 6557eeaa44149d224331c5a1082d307a65223d4e
chatgpt: Serena Williams, the top-ranked tennis player in the world, has withdrawn from the China Open, giving Australian player Sam Stosur a walkover into the last four of the competition. Williams was due to face Stosur on Friday, but decided to withdraw from the tournament after feeling pain in her body. The 34-year-old American had beaten 13th seed Lucie Safarova on Thursday in a tough match that saw her win 6-1, 1-6, 6-2, but she admitted to experiencing pain during the game. Williams said, "I started to feel pain this week. It didn't feel really well last night at all. I almost didn't go on the court - I did at the last minute." Her decision to withdraw came as a surprise to many, especially considering how dominant Williams has been over the years. The 22-time Grand Slam winner is known for her fighting spirit and willingness to play through injuries, but clearly, this latest issue was too much to bear. Williams' withdrawal also means that she will not be defending her China Open title, which she won last year. It could also have an impact on her ranking if she misses out on other tournaments in the coming weeks. In addition to Serena's withdrawal, her sister Venus Williams also withdrew from the tournament due to her own health concerns. The sisters have a long history in the sport and are known for their competitive nature, but the current situation demanded that they take a step back and prioritize their health. As for Stosur, she will now advance straight into the last four of the competition, where she will face the winner of the quarterfinal match between Agnieszka Radwanska and Daria Kasatkina. Stosur will no doubt be disappointed by the manner in which she advanced, but she will now have the opportunity to make it to the final and potentially win her first title of the year. In conclusion, the unexpected withdrawal of Serena Williams has placed a cloud over the China Open, but participants and fans alike will no doubt continue to enjoy the competition, hoping for a worthy winner as the tournament progresses.