article: By . Richard Shears . PUBLISHED: . 10:53 EST, 7 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 10:56 EST, 7 December 2013 . Just days after North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un was reported to have removed his powerful uncle from office, his relative has now been 'air brushed' out of a TV propaganda documentary. Reports suggest Kim's uncle, Jang Song Thaek, had been made made to 'disappear' from a repeat of a documentary featuring Kim which has been shown at least nine times on state television. Marked man: People watch a TV news program showing North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, right, and Kim's uncle, Jang Song Thaek. But the Jang has disappeared from more recent showings . Jang Song Thaek is part of an aging cabal which surrounded Kim Jong-Un's father Kim Jong-Il . Kim Jong-Un was the star of the hour-long show, but in the most . recent broadcast Jang had been removed or hidden in 13 scenes, the South . Korean news agency, Yonhap, reported today. According to viewers inside North Korea a recent showing had Jang was either edited out of scenes entirely or manipulated so that his face was out of focus. The vanishing of Jang from the documentary is seen by North Korean watchers as proof that he has fallen out of favour with his 32-year-old nephew. It had already been suggested Jang was removed from his number two position in the secretive country after one of his aides defected to South Korea, to the fury of the young leader. Jang's removal has also been seen as an . indication that Kim is ready to change the aging cabal who stood close . to his father and replacing them with younger faces. The pair are rumoured to have fallen out after one of Jang's closest aides defected to South Korea . Jang, who is married to Kim's aunt - the daughter of North Korea's founding leader Kim Il-Sung - is believed to have helped Kim establish his grip on power in the past two years since he took over from his late father Kim Jong-Il. His apparent fall from grace could mean he has lost his high-level titles, including that of vice chairman of the powerful National Defence Commission and membership of the ruling Workers' Party politiburo. While he has apparently been made to 'disappear', analysts in the South Korean capital, Seoul, believe he has not met the same fate as a number of other aides, including two of his own - execution by firing squad. Jang (far right) has often been seen at the side of his nephew but has faded from the spotlight of late .
highlights: Jang Song Thaek missing from recent showings . His face is either blurred or scenes with him cut . He's believed to have been sacked after aide defected .
id: f54add5757fb8bcda619ca28839b0ed3edf05776
chatgpt: Jang Song Thaek, the former vice-chairman of the National Defense Commission of North Korea, has been missing from recent public showings, sparking speculation about his fate. Many images and videos of recent events in North Korea have shown his face blurred or scenes with him cut, leading to rumors that he has been purged by the regime. According to reports, Jang was believed to have been sacked after one of his aides defected to South Korea. His absence has been raising eyebrows, as his personal network had extended throughout the North Korean leadership, and he was considered a potential power broker for years to come. Jang's most recent public appearance was in September of 2013, when he was seen accompanying Kim Jong-un at a military event in Pyongyang. Since then, he has not been visible in North Korean politics, and his whereabouts are unknown. Jang, who is married to Kim Jong-un's aunt, was one of the most influential figures in North Korea's political and economic spheres. He was widely believed to have played a crucial role in engineering Kim's succession to power after the death of his father, Kim Jong-il, in 2011. However, Jang was also known to be a controversial figure, and rumors of his eventual downfall have been circulating for years. In 2013, the North Korean state media released a rare statement criticizing him, accusing him of "anti-state acts." It's not clear what has happened to Jang, but the purges in North Korea have become more violent and uncompromising in recent years, with Kim Jong-un consolidating his power and removing perceived threats to his regime. If Jang has indeed been purged, it would be another sign of Kim's willingness to remove even powerful members of his own family if they are seen as a potential threat. Some analysts have speculated that Jang's removal could also be part of Kim's efforts to strengthen his own position within the North Korean military hierarchy. After the death of his father, Kim Jong-un faced suspicion from some factions within the military, and Jang was seen as a key ally in helping him consolidate his power. Whether Jang is still alive or not is unknown, but his absence from public life has been noted by many observers. For now, it seems that the North Korean regime is keeping a tight grip on information about his fate, and the mystery surrounding his disappearance is likely to continue.