article: (CNN) -- When President Barack Obama meets with other world leaders, they usually swap gifts. And these are much higher-end than your typical office secret Santa exchange. Presidents, kings and prime ministers showered Obama and his family with a wide assortment of tokens and trinkets, including a bamboo bicycle, masks, liquor and a small sword. And one -- British Prime Minister David Cameron -- even bestowed Bo, the first dog, with a bone-shaped chew toy adorned with a UK flag. The State Department released a detailed list of gifts to the White House and other government officials in 2011, the latest year available. Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy and his wife, Carla Bruni, were among the biggest spenders, dishing out gifts of all sorts, including luxury bags, polo shirts and chocolates. The Sarkozys bestowed Obama a black Hermes golf accessory bag estimated at $7,750, a Louis Vuitton bag worth $2,300 and crystal table lamps for first lady Michelle Obama. They also gave the Obamas a reusable grocery bag emblazoned with a dandelion, and his-and-hers Dior bathrobes. Qatari officials gave the president a wooden case containing a small sword while the Philippines ambassador gave him a bamboo bicycle. The White House did not keep the gifts, but it did not return them either. As required by law, the swag was hauled to the National Archives and Records Administration. The General Services Administration currently mandates that any gift over $350 be turned over to the government. "Non-acceptance would cause embarrassment to donor and U.S. government," the report said in justifying its decision to send them to the national archives, rather than refuse them. The gift list disclosed Friday includes rugs from Pakistani and Afghan leaders, and flavored liquor from the Polish president. From Down Under came a white 2GB iPod shuffle, courtesy of the Australian prime minister. U.S. neighbors to the north gave a basketball signed by the 2010-11 Toronto Raptors NBA team, courtesy of the Canadian prime minister. Then there were the pricey art gifts. A print photograph by artist Vik Muniz from a Brazilian governor. Price tag? $40,000. That gift did not go to the national archives. It was loaned to an unnamed museum for a public exhibit, the statement said. A Daum blue mask sculpture from the Gabonese president valued at $52,695 was sent to the national archives. Some gifts were more official, including a bronze statue of Abraham Lincoln given by the Chinese president. And the list goes on and on. But the president retained one gift -- a book from the Mongolian president, "Genghis Khan and the Making of the Modern World" by Jack Weatherford. Obama is not the only leader of the free world to receive gifts. While in office, President George W. Bush was lavished with tokens as well, according to 2009 government records. Gifts to him included a silver and gold dagger with a belt and case, all the way from Saudi Arabia. One of his main gifters? Sarkozy. CNN's Jason Moon contributed to this report .
highlights: The Philippines ambassador gives him a bamboo bicycle; Poland gives him liquor . Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy was among the biggest spenders . He also lavished former President George W. Bush with gifts as well .
id: 3272350371be409011c543da7b3274969977879e
chatgpt: Former French President, Nicolas Sarkozy, is known to have a tradition of giving lavish gifts to world leaders. It has now been revealed that one of his recipients was former US President George W. Bush. Sarkozy reportedly spent a large sum of money on gifts for Bush and other world leaders during his time in office. Among them, a bamboo bicycle given to him by the Philippine ambassador, and a special bottle of liquor from Poland. The story has emerged after French investigative website Mediapart reported on the extravagant spending habits of Sarkozy and other French leaders. According to the website, Sarkozy spent over 60,000 euros on gifts for world leaders during his presidency, with some of the most expensive items going to Bush. The former French President's gift-giving habits are said to have caused controversy within his own government. In one famous incident, the French Air Force was sent on a mission to retrieve a gift Sarkozy had left on his way back from a trip to New York – a $85,000 gold Rolex watch. Despite Sarkozy's expensive tastes, he remains one of the most popular politicians in France. His charisma and dynamic leadership style have earned him many fans, and even his critics concede that he has a certain magnetism that is hard to resist. However, Sarkozy's habit of showering gifts on world leaders has also been criticised as an example of 'soft power' diplomacy gone wrong. Some analysts argue that such lavish gifts can send the wrong message, and can even be seen as a form of bribery. Others point out that gifts of this kind are common practice among world leaders, and are a way of building relationships and showing respect. It is worth noting that Bush did not keep the gifts he received from Sarkozy – they were donated to the National Archives. The issue of gift-giving in politics is a complex one, with many different opinions and perspectives. While some see it as a harmless tradition, others view it as a potentially corrupting influence. Ultimately, it is up to each individual leader to decide what is appropriate and ethical when it comes to giving gifts to their peers. In the case of Sarkozy and Bush, it seems that the gifts in question were accepted in good grace, and did not have a negative impact on their relationship. Whether this kind of costly gift-giving will continue in the future remains to be seen – but one thing is certain: it will always be a source of fascination for observers of world politics.