article: The mother of Baby P is planing to move in with a woman convicted of an appalling sex attack once both are released from jail, it was reported today. Tracey Connelly formed a close bond with Toni Hewitson while both were serving time at HMP Low Newton in Durham and would reportedly 'sneak off to each other's cells'. Despite being separated when they were moved to different prisons, they have kept in touch through letters and are hoping to set up a home together soon. Setting up a home:  The mother of Baby P, Tracey Connelly (left), is planing to move in with Toni Hewitson (right) who was jailed in 2008 for torturing a woman with learning difficulties . A prison source told The Sunday People: 'Tracey knew she would be a marked woman once she was released, and Toni and her talked about getting a place together. They make a formidable couple.' Hewitson, 39, was jailed in 2008 for torturing and sexually assaulting a woman with learning difficulties, while part of a gang of four. The victim, who was 25 at the time of the attack, was strapped to a chair, gagged, slashed and raped during the ordeal, and also had her head shoved down a toilet. She was handed an indeterminate sentence for the public's protection and was told she would serve a minimum of five-and-a-half years. Tragic: Tracey Connelly was jailed for r allowing her lover Steven Barker and his brother Jason Owen to torture her 17-month-old son Peter (pictured)  to death in Haringey, North London, in 2007 . But she is now thought to be preparing for her release and believes she will be out in the next 12 months thanks to good behaviour. Connelly, 34, is thought to be awaiting a Parole Board hearing at the women's jail HMP Styal in Cheshire. She was jailed again for breaching the terms of her licence by trying to sell pornographic pictures of herself to perverts transfixed with her notoriety. Her offence came less than 18 months after she was released  following a five-year jail term for allowing her lover Steven Barker and his brother Jason Owen to torture her 17-month-old son Peter to death in Haringey, North London, in 2007. Breached terms of licence: Connelly was jailed again after she was caught trying to sell pornographic pictures of herself to perverts transfixed with her notoriety. Pictured right, her ex-lover killer Steven Barker . The Mirror source added: 'Lots of the women have flings and they go from one woman to another and the ones in for sex crimes or other stomach-churning offences seem to gravitate towards each other. 'Tracey and Toni spent a lot of time together in the exercise yard and then would sneak off to each other's cells.' The source claimed that while sex between inmates is against the rules, many officers turn a blind eye to relationships within prisons.
highlights: Tracey Connelly met Toni Hewitson when both were inmates at Durham jail . Sick pair became close and would often sneak into each other's cells . Connelly first jailed for letting lover torture her son Peter to death in 2007 . Now serving time again after trying to sell pornographic pictures of herself . Hewitson was jailed in 2008 for helping to torture vulnerable woman, 25 .
id: 65a9ff87c0467b622b2d1313371acd1a063cca2c
chatgpt: Tracey Connelly and Toni Hewitson first met while they were both incarcerated at Durham Jail, but they were not your average inmates. Instead, they were two sick individuals who quickly became close friends, often sneaking into each other's cells. Unfortunately, their friendship was not one that society would approve of. In 2007, Tracey Connelly was jailed for her role in the death of her son Peter. Her lover, Stephen Barker, had tortured the young boy before ultimately killing him, and Tracey did nothing to stop it. It was a case that shocked the nation, leaving many wondering how a mother could allow such a horrific act to occur. Now, Connelly finds herself back behind bars after attempting to sell pornographic pictures of herself. She had been using a contraband mobile phone to take the pictures and was hoping to make some extra money from them. However, her scheme was discovered, and she was sent back to prison. While in jail, Connelly reconnected with Hewitson, who had been imprisoned in 2008 for her role in the torture of a vulnerable 25-year-old woman. The two women became close once again, and their relationship took a dark turn. According to reports, Connelly and Hewitson began engaging in sexual acts in front of other inmates, and they even shared a cell for a period of time. Their behavior was deemed inappropriate, and they were both disciplined by prison officials. The relationship between Connelly and Hewitson highlights the disturbing nature of some friendships that can form behind bars. While prison can be a place of rehabilitation for some, it can also bring together individuals who share common interests in crime and deviance. The case of Tracey Connelly is a tragic one that has left many questioning the effectiveness of the criminal justice system. How could a mother allow her child to be tortured and killed, and then try to profit from the ordeal by selling pornographic pictures of herself? And why do individuals like Connelly and Hewitson continue to find themselves in trouble with the law, even while behind bars? These are complex questions that do not have easy answers. However, what is clear is that the case of Tracey Connelly serves as a reminder that there are some individuals who are beyond rehabilitation, and that the criminal justice system must do more to ensure the safety of society as a whole.