article: By . Rob Waugh . Last updated at 5:21 PM on 30th November 2011 . Battlefield 3 has been the hit shoot 'em up of 2011 - selling eight million copies with its hyper-realistic depictions of modern urban warfare. But its depictions of assaults with American armoured vehicles have not been a hit everywhere. In Tehran, the game has been banned as 'propaganda', according to reports in an Iranian computer magazine - and young Iranians are also protesting against it online. The game depicts US Marines with authentic weaponry fighting in Middle Eastern countries - but the level in Tehran's Grand Bazaar has caused fury . The 'Grand Bazaar' level that has caused controversy: The bazaar is a historical market in the centre of the country's capital . The 'ban' - enforced by reported raids on computer shops - is due largely to a level called 'Grand Bazaar', which is set in a clearly recognisable area of the Iranian capital. The game's release comes at a time when tensions between the two countries are high - and Iranians are angry that one of the world's largest game companies would use real-world locations. Rival Modern Warfare 3 is careful to have villains who are rogue Russian extremists - after earlier versions set in Middle Eastern countries. The Asr-e Ertebat publication reported a security source as saying, 'All computer stores are prohibited from selling this illegal game.' The (real) Grand Bazaar in Tehran: The bazaar is a historical landmark still in use as a market today . The game uses real American vehicles and weaponry - and the scenario sails a little too close to political reality for both the regime and young Iranians . An online petition has also drawn a reported 5,000 signatures, saying, 'We understand that the story of a videogame is hypothetical but we . believe the game is purposely released at a time when the US is pushing . the international community into fearing Iran.' There have also been unconfirmed reports that shops selling the game have been raided. The ban is unlikely to bother makers Electronic Arts unduly - the game has not been officially released in the territory, and thus all copies sold are liable to be pirated. The Grand Bazaar level shows a small team of US special forces infiltrating real locations in Iran . The game - often played online in teams - features squads of US Marines fighting in cities including Paris as well as Tehran. The 'Grand Bazaar' level is the one that has caused controversy, though - with US forces fighting hostile militia in a clearly recognisable Tehran, including the city's Grand Bazaar. American games set in the Middle East and beyond are nothing new, of course - many titles have been set in Afghanistan or unnamed Far Eastern countries. The US military also releases its own videogame - America's Army - which is designed as both a recruiting tool and a training tool for soldiers. The game is available free online, and again features Middle Eastern locations as some of its battlegrounds.
highlights: 5,000 signature petition protests game set in Tehran . Reports of raids on computer shops . Protest at 'Grand Bazaar' level set in real landmark . Iranians say its 'purposely released' to stoke tensions .
id: fa2c768335d61abc43861745d4d09ca559d05607
chatgpt: A recently released video game, set in Tehran, has sparked widespread controversy and protests amongst Iranians. The game, which features a level set in the Grand Bazaar, a real landmark in Tehran, has been criticized for allegedly promoting negative stereotypes about Iranians and stoking geopolitical tensions. The game, developed by a major gaming company, has been met with outrage and condemnation across the country. A petition with more than 5,000 signatures has been submitted demanding for the game to be taken down from online marketplaces. According to reports, there have been raids on computer shops believed to be selling the game illegally. These raids have been carried out by authorities in order to prevent Iranian citizens from accessing what they perceive to be harmful content. Critics have alleged that the game deliberately exploits negative stereotypes and demonizes Iranians. They claim that the game plays into the hands of those who seek to damage Iran's image and promote a negative perception of the country. Many Iranians have taken to social media to voice their frustrations and objections to the game. Some have even accused the developers of purposely releasing the game in order to stoke tensions and provoke a negative reaction from Iranians. The game's Grand Bazaar level has become a particular source of controversy, as it features a highly detailed and realistic recreation of the real-life landmark. Critics allege that the level portrays the bazaar in a negative light and reinforces stereotypes of Iranian culture. Despite the backlash, the game's developers have defended their product. They claim that the game is simply a work of fiction and is not intended to offend or harm anyone. However, this explanation has done little to quell the anger of outraged Iranians. This controversy has highlighted the increasingly fraught relationship between Iran and Western countries. Many Iranians feel that their country is unfairly demonized and criticized in the media, and this game has only served to reinforce those sentiments. In conclusion, the recent release of a game set in Tehran has caused widespread anger and protests amongst Iranians. The game has been accused of promoting negative stereotypes and stoking geopolitical tensions. While the developers have defended their creation, they have done little to assuage the anger and frustration of Iranian citizens who feel unfairly targeted and portrayed by the game.