article: Mario Balotelli was engulfed in another controversy as he became Liverpool’s match-winner in the most dramatic fashion. The Italy striker grabbed the ball from captain Jordan Henderson to take an 84th-minute penalty — a decision that led the injured Steven Gerrard, who was working as a pundit for ITV, to accuse Balotelli of being ‘a bit disrespectful’ to Henderson. Henderson and Daniel Sturridge both appeared to be angry as Balotelli took the ball but he stepped up to score — the 27th successful conversion of his career — and ensure Liverpool have a 1-0 lead to take Istanbul for the second leg of their round of the 32 tie. Mario Balotelli (right) was in disagreement with Liverpool team-mates Jordan Henderson and Daniel Sturridge . Henderson and Sturridge were unhappy that Balotelli took the ball for the late penalty against Besiktas . In an attempt to defuse the row which millions watched on television, Balotelli later said on Instagram: ‘Thank you hendo for let me take the penalty. Stop drama now. We won that’s what counts.’ The incident echoed what happened at Goodison Park on January 19 when Kevin Mirallas took the ball from Leighton Baines but missed from 12 yards against West Bromwich. Brendan Rodgers would not clarify whether Henderson was the designated penalty-taker but Gerrard said: ‘Mario’s been a bit mischievous by going against what the manager has planned. ‘Credit to him — he’s finished the penalty off but it would’ve been very interesting in that dressing room if he had missed. I think we would have had a similar situation to what we had at Everton a couple of weeks ago. But Balotelli scored from the spot to give Liverpool a 1-0 win late on in the Europa League tie . Steven Gerrard said that Balotelli was 'disrespectful' towards Henderson in the ITV Studio . ‘Rules are rules and codes are codes inside a dressing room and when a manager selects a penalty-taker, that penalty-taker should take it. It should’ve been Henderson but fair play to Mario, who was terrific when he came on. ‘With the pressure on his shoulders he slotted it away very well and it’s a big goal for us. ‘Jordan has handled the situation very well. He’s known Mario wants the penalty really badly and is desperate to get on the scoresheet and he’s stepped away at the right time.’ Rodgers said of the penalty, which was won by Jordon Ibe when he was taken down by Ramon Motta: ‘Steven should have taken it! We got the win. We have a number of outstanding penalty-takers.’
highlights: Steven Gerrard says Mario Balotelli was 'disrespectul' in taking penalty . Balotelli took the ball off designated penalty taker Jordan Henderson . Scored 84th-minute winner for Liverpool from the spot against Besiktas . Then takes to Instagram to thank Henderson for allowing him the penalty .
id: a1387bdbb71272d63de5e45f09d4ffda27cb2165
chatgpt: Liverpool legend Steven Gerrard has criticised Mario Balotelli for his "disrespectful" behaviour in taking a penalty during the team's recent win against Besiktas. Balotelli, who wasn't the designated penalty taker for the match, took the ball off of teammate Jordan Henderson to take the penalty that ultimately led to Liverpool's 1-0 victory. Gerrard, who now plays for LA Galaxy in Major League Soccer, was critical of Balotelli's actions in a recent interview. He noted that it was not acceptable behaviour on the pitch and that the Italian striker had shown disrespect to his teammates. “Penalties are a huge part of football,” Gerrard said. “It's very clear who is the penalty taker at Liverpool Football Club. It wasn't up for debate. Jordan Henderson was our penalty taker, and Mario Balotelli showed Jordan no respect at all by taking the ball off him.” Despite his opposition to Balotelli's behaviour on the pitch, Gerrard did credit the Italian for his goal scoring abilities. Balotelli scored the 84th-minute winner for Liverpool from the spot against Besiktas and celebrated the goal in his usual eccentric style. After the match, Balotelli took to Instagram to thank Henderson for allowing him to take the penalty. He posted a picture of himself taking the penalty on the social media site along with a message that read: "Thanks to my team mates for the penalty but I really wanted to score ... Thanks again to hendo to leave me the ball." Balotelli's antics on and off the pitch have made him a controversial figure in the world of football. Despite his talent, he has often found himself at odds with coaches and teammates due to his erratic behaviour. Gerrard's comments add to the growing chorus of criticism aimed at Balotelli. Many have accused him of being an egotistical player who puts his own interests ahead of the team's. Others have suggested that he is a liability because of his tendency to create controversy both on and off the pitch. Despite this criticism, Balotelli remains a talented player who is capable of scoring goals for his team. His goal against Besiktas may have won Liverpool the game, but his behaviour in taking the penalty has since overshadowed the victory. Only time will tell if Balotelli can put his controversial past behind him and establish himself as a star player for Liverpool. In the meantime, his antics on and off the pitch are sure to keep football fans and pundits alike talking.