article: Louis van Gaal saw his star-studded Manchester United team celebrate the dawn of a new era at Old Trafford and then declared: ‘We can do much better.’ Record £60million signing Angel di Maria scored on his home debut and had a hand in United’s other three goals in a 4-0 win over QPR, but even he was criticised for giving away the ball too often. ‘When you assist three goals and score the first, then you cannot play badly, but he had a lot of losses so can do better,’ said Van Gaal. You can like our Manchester United Facebook page here . Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal insists there is plenty more to come from his side . Angel di Maria (left) impressed during Manchester United's 4-0 win over Queens Park Rangers . ‘I am analysing the game and I see things we can improve as a team. ‘When you have a 4-0 result then you can be happy as a coach but you always have points you can improve. The result is fantastic but we can do much better. This is a good start.’ Van Gaal dedicated his first Premier League win to his wife Truus. It lifted United up to ninth in the table and Van Gaal promised plenty more attacking football at Old Trafford. ‘This is special because it is also my wife’s birthday,’ said Van Gaal. ‘She said the biggest present shall be victory. We gave it to her. ‘I have worked (in football) for more than 35 years and I have always [attacked]. I hope at the end of this league we shall score the most.’ It was smiles all round at Old Trafford as United recorded their first competitive win under Louis van Gaal . Marcos Rojo (right), pictured battling with Matty Phillips (left) of QPR, impressed on his debut . Radamel Falcao came on in the 67th minute to make his debut for Manchester United . Angel di Maria opened the scoring for Manchester United as they romped to a 4-0 victory at Old Trafford . He added: ‘I hope to be manager of the champions – if not this year then in my second or third year.’ Di Maria insisted he had meant to score his free-kick. ‘I’ve been practising during the week and done that in training so it wasn’ t a surprise,’ he said. ‘I’m very happy with my Old Trafford debut. I feel very much at home.’ QPR boss Harry Redknapp questioned the quality of United’s defence and whether it will be good enough to repel the likes of Chelsea. ‘They have plenty up front,’ said Redknapp. ‘Whether they can cope with the forwards Chelsea have, that will be another game.’ Rio Ferdinand made an emotional return to Old Trafford in the white of Queens Park Rangers . Rio Ferdinand (right) was presented with a gift by Sir Bobby Charlton (left) before the match . VIDEO: Van Gaal has claimed that today was a fresh start for his side .
highlights: Angel Di Maria, Ander Herrera, Wayne Rooney and Juan Mata scored the goals for Manchester United . Louis van Gaal's side have entered the top half of the Premier League for the first time this season . Dutchman Van Gaal insists that United can still do better, following win . Radamel Falcao came on in the 67th minute for his United debut .
id: 639325d200d9b933b4ba010f861eeec98abd9068
chatgpt: Manchester United secured a comfortable 4-0 victory over Queens Park Rangers at Old Trafford on Sunday. Angel Di Maria, Ander Herrera, Wayne Rooney, and Juan Mata were all on target to ensure a comprehensive win for the Red Devils. Manchester United started brightly and it was Di Maria who broke the deadlock with a stunning curling effort from outside the box in the 24th minute. The Argentinean international quickly became a fan favorite at Old Trafford and has already scored three goals in four appearances for the club. The home side continued to dominant throughout the first half but it wasn't until the 47th minute that Herrera doubled United's lead. The Spanish midfielder's strike from the edge of the box took a deflection off QPR defender Steven Caulker before going past Rob Green in the visitors' goal. Rooney added the third for the Red Devils with a well-placed header from a Di Maria corner to all but seal the points for Louis van Gaal's side in the 68th minute. The goal was Rooney's 175th in the Premier League, moving him up to third in the all-time top scorer's chart, just behind Andy Cole and Alan Shearer. A minute later, Juan Mata completed the rout by slotting the ball past Green after being set up by Di Maria. The Spanish playmaker has been in fine form for United this season and will be looking to continue his good run of form in the coming weeks. Radamel Falcao was given his much-anticipated United debut in the 67th minute when he replaced Mata. The Colombian striker, who is on loan from Monaco, had been struggling with a calf injury but was finally fit enough to feature for Van Gaal's side. Although he didn't score, he showed promising signs with some impressive touches and link-up play with his teammates. The result means that Manchester United have climbed to eighth in the Premier League table, marking the first time this season that Van Gaal's side have entered the top half of the standings. The win will also boost their confidence ahead of their next game, a trip to the King Power Stadium to face Leicester City next Saturday. Despite the comfortable win, Van Gaal insists that there is still room for improvement from his team. "I am pleased with the win but we still have to improve," the Dutchman said after the match. "We gave away too many chances to QPR in the first half and we cannot afford to do that against better teams." Overall, it was a dominant performance from Manchester United and a much-needed three points for Van Gaal's side. With the likes of Di Maria, Herrera, Rooney, and Mata all in form, the Red Devils will be hoping to build on this victory and put together a run of positive results.