article: Baghdad (CNN) -- Five U.S. servicemembers were killed Monday in central Iraq, the U.S. military said in a written statement. The deaths are the single largest loss of life among U.S. troops in Iraq since 2009, and they come as Iraq debates whether to request U.S. troops stay beyond a January 1, 2012, deadline that requires 46,000 American forces out of the country. The U.S. military did not say how or where the five died. But two Iraqi security officials told CNN Monday that the servicemembers were killed during an early morning mortar attack at a U.S. military base in southeastern Baghdad. Five servicemembers also were wounded in the attack, said the officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to release the information. The two officials said some of those killed and wounded were sleeping in trailers when the base was attacked. U.S. Army Sgt. First Class Anishka J. Calder, a spokeswoman in Baghdad, declined to comment on details surrounding the deaths. The names of the servicemembers were being withheld pending notification of next of kin, the military said in the statement. The deaths follow warnings by the U.S. military that attacks against American troops in Iraq by armed militias are on the rise, an attempt to demonstrate their power ahead of an anticipated U.S. withdrawal at the end of the year. U.S. troops have increasingly been targeted by roadside bombings and mortar attacks, largely in Baghdad and southern Iraq, Army Maj. Gen. Jeffrey S. Buchanan, spokesman for U.S. Forces-Iraq, recently told CNN. While al Qaeda in Iraq -- predominantly Iraqi Sunni insurgents -- continue to launch strikes, Buchanan has said the militia attacks against the United States are "designed for power and they want to claim credit for our redeploying, for us leaving." Meanwhile Monday, 20 Iraqis were killed in a series of explosions across the country. The deadliest attack was in Tikrit, where a suicide bomber rammed a vehicle packed with explosives into a security checkpoint staffed by Iraqi army and police, killing 11 people and wounding 17 others, according to Interior Ministry officials who declined to be identified because they were not authorized to speak to the media. Most of the casualties were Iraqi security forces, Interior Ministry officials told CNN.
highlights: The deaths are the single largest loss of life among U.S. troops in Iraq since 2009 . Iraqi security officials say a mortar attack at a U.S. base in Baghdad killed the five . The deaths follow warnings by the military of increased attacks on U.S. troops . The U.S. military did not immediately say how the troops were killed .
id: 93311387ac13d11c7c9bfa2794feae73d0060297
chatgpt: Five U.S. troops were killed in a mortar attack at a military base in Baghdad on Monday. This is the single largest loss of life among U.S. troops in Iraq since 2009. Iraqi security officials say that the five soldiers were killed in a mortar attack on the U.S. base. The deaths come after warnings by the military of increased attacks on U.S. troops. The U.S. military did not immediately say how the troops were killed. The U.S. military has been present in Iraq for many years, and tensions have risen in recent months due to the killing of Iranian General Qassem Soleimani and the subsequent missile strikes by Iran on U.S. bases in Iraq. The U.S. military has warned that there may be more attacks on U.S. troops in the coming months. The U.S. military has increased security measures in response to these warnings. The U.S. has around 5,000 troops in Iraq, and they have been involved in training and assisting Iraqi forces in their fight against ISIS. The U.S. military has also used Iraq as a base to launch attacks on ISIS targets in Syria. The U.S. military has not released the names of the soldiers killed in the attack. The U.S. military has also not released any information on the condition of other soldiers who may have been injured in the attack. Many Iraqis have been calling for the removal of U.S. troops from their country, and this attack is likely to increase those calls. The U.S. military has said that the attack will not deter their mission in Iraq. The U.S. military will continue to work with Iraqi forces to defeat ISIS and maintain stability in the region. The attack is a tragic reminder of the dangers that U.S. troops face in Iraq. The U.S. military will continue to take all necessary measures to protect their soldiers and prevent attacks like this from happening in the future.