article: A woman in South Carolina has filed a missing person report on her son almost 20 years after he left home to follow the Grateful Dead. Margaretta Evans, 63, told cops in Myrtle Beach that ‘she has not seen or heard from her son since early June of 1995,’ according to a report filed on Tuesday morning. Jason Patrick Callahan, who would now be 38, is described by his mom as ‘approximately 5’ 10” to 6’ 00” in height and approximately 160 pounds’ with ‘wavy brown hair and brown eyes.’ Jason Patrick Callahan (artist impression right) who would now be 38. He is described by his mom as 'approximately 5' 10" to 6' 00" in height and approximately 160 pounds' with 'wavy brown hair and brown eyes' Evans ‘advised that he left to follow the Grateful Dead at that time,’” states the police report. It doesn’t explain why Evans waited two decades to report her son missing, reports The Smoking Gun. A number of Grateful Dead fans have gone missing over the years and Callahan could help solve the case of one unidentified man found dead at the side of the road after a car accident in 1995 and dubbed ‘Grateful Doe’. The victim, who was killed in a June 26 car accident in Virginia, had Grateful Dead ticket stubs in his pocket at the time of his death, as well as a note addressed to ‘Jason.’ Cops investigating the murder at the time were hindered by the fact that the injuries to the man's face were so severe that authorities were unable to release a photo of him to the public. His fingerprints were not in any law enforcement database and did not match any missing person reports either. The only thing the coroner could determine was that the young man was between 15 and 21 years of age at the time of his death. The unidentified man, known as 'Grateful Doe' attended Grateful Dead concerts in Washington in June 1995 - that turned out to be some of the last the band performed before singer Jerry Garcia died two months later . The stubs found in the man's pocket were from a Grateful Dead concert at Robert F. Kennedy Stadium in Washington D.C. on June 24 and 25, 1995. The two-day event had drawn fans from across the U.S., with an estimated 60,000 concertgoers in attendance. The concert was also of note to fans, as it was one of lead singer Jerry Garcia's last performances. He died of a heart attack less than two months later. The ticket stubs, along with the appearance of the unidentified young man, which included a Grateful Dead tie-dyed T-shirt from the 1995 summer tour, led investigators to believe the young man was a 'Deadhead,' a name given to fans of the Grateful Dead. The driver of the vehicle was a South Carolina man, 21, who fell asleep at the wheel and also died in the crash.
highlights: Margaretta Evans, 63, of Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, told police that 'she has not seen or heard from her son since early June of 1995' Jason Callahan disappeared in almost 20 years ago but his mom didn't file a missing persons report until Tuesday morning . Callahan could help solve the case of an unidentified man found dead at the side of the road after a car accident in 1995 and dubbed 'Grateful Doe' The victim had Grateful Dead ticket stubs in his pocket at the time of his death, as well as a note addressed to 'Jason'
id: dfb700dfc270c95e90fe278f1f6b9457e240a3bf
chatgpt: Margaretta Evans, 63, of Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, recently filed a missing persons report for her son, Jason Callahan, who went missing almost 20 years ago. Callahan's disappearance has taken an eerie turn as he could provide a valuable clue in solving the cold case of an unidentified man found dead on the side of the road after a car accident in 1995.  The victim, known as 'Grateful Doe,' had Grateful Dead ticket stubs in his pocket at the time of his death, as well as a note addressed to 'Jason.' The circumstances led investigators to believe that the two men were likely traveling together when the accident occurred, but without further information on Callahan's whereabouts, the case went cold for over two decades. Evans stated to the police that she has not seen or heard from her son since early June of 1995, but did not file a missing persons report until Tuesday morning. She may have waited this long to report because her son was known to travel frequently and it was not uncommon for him to be out of touch for extended periods.  However, the discovery of the 'Grateful Doe' note and ticket stubs puts a new emphasis on the importance of finding Callahan. The note read: "To Jason. Sorry we had to go. See you around. Tim"  The case of 'Grateful Doe' has been a fascination of true crime enthusiasts since its inception, and has even sparked the creation of online communities and web sleuths devoted to the case. Now, with the possibility that Callahan and 'Grateful Doe' were traveling companions, the interest in the case is at an all-time high.  Several theories have been presented over the years to identify the victim, including facial reconstructions and DNA testing. Despite the intense efforts of law enforcement agencies, the case remains unsolved.  Callahan is described as a white male with brown hair and brown eyes. At the time of his disappearance, he was 6'2" and weighed 165 pounds. He would be 45 years old today.  The discovery of the note and tickets provides the investigators with a potential lead, and brings new hope to the case. The authorities urge anyone with any information about Callahan's whereabouts or the circumstances surrounding the accident that killed 'Grateful Doe' to come forward immediately.  The story of 'Grateful Doe' has become a haunting example of the importance of timely identification and the impact of missing persons cases on loved ones. Now, with the potential connection to Callahan, the wider public may be able to assist in bringing closure to two families who have been living with the pain of loss for far too long.