article: By . Michael Zennie . The father of a seven-year-old boy killed in the Newtown school shooting has a message for Richard Martinez: You're not alone. Mark Barden has written a heart-wrenching open letter to the man whose son was gunned down by Elliot Rodger in Santa Barbara last weekend - offering his condolences and his support. 'We have not met, but you are now part of our extended family,' Barden writes in a Facebook message. 'It is not a family we chose, but a family born from the horrible circumstance of losing a child to gun violence - one that’s only growing each day.' Scroll down for video . Richard Martinez, whose son Christopher was gunned down by Elliot Rodger, has become an outspoken proponent of tougher gun laws . Mark Barden lost his son Daniel in the Newtown school shootings. He reached out to Richard Martinez to offer his support . Mr Martinez's son 20-year-old Christopher Ross Michaels-Martinez, a student at the University of California, Santa Barbara, was killed Friday as he walked into a convenience store - one of three students shot dead by Rodger. The son of an assistant Hunger Games Director stabbed his three roommates to death and also killed himself in a rampage that left seven dead and 13 injured. Mr Martinez has been a furiously outspoken since the day after his son's murder. In one speech he blamed the seven deaths on 'craven, irresponsible politicians and the NRA.' On Tuesday, he brought 20,000 mourning college students to their feet with his chant 'Not One More' at a memorial service for the victims of Rodger's rampage. Mark Barden offered these words of sympathy for Richard Martinez after his very public expression of grief and anger over his son's murder . Chris Michael-Martinez, 20, was gunned down at a convenience store. He was planning to go to London this summer and had been aspiring to law school . Elliott Rodger legally purchased all three of the handguns he used on his rampage, according to police . Mark and his wife Jackie have been similarly outspoken since their son Daniel was gunned down at Sandy Hook Elementary School in December 2012. They have appeared alongside President Barack Obama as he pushed for increasing gun control and background check restrictions. They have also granted numerous media interviews - perhaps more than any other Newtown family - to talk about their son's legacy and to advocate for laws that they say could help prevent future mass shootings. Police have said that Rodger was carrying three semi-automatic handguns that he purchased legally from a local gun shop.
highlights: Mark Barden wrote an open letter to Richard Martinez, who has become to face of the the Santa Barbara massacre . Barden lost his own son, seven-year-old Daniel, in the Newtown school shooting in 2012 . Martinez has blamed 'craven, irresponsible politicians and the NRA' for his son Christopher's death .
id: 9f5ddf169f9341579af73e9110631615b5fc9b6d
chatgpt: In the aftermath of the tragic Santa Barbara massacre, Richard Martinez has captured the attention of the world with his impassioned criticism of the National Rifle Association (NRA) and the politicians who have failed to stand up to it. Martinez has repeatedly called for stricter gun control laws to prevent further tragedies from occurring. As Martinez continues to speak out against gun violence, he has received an outpouring of support from people around the country who have also lost loved ones to gun violence. Among them is Mark Barden, whose seven-year-old son Daniel was killed in the Newtown school shooting in 2012. Feeling a deep sense of empathy for Martinez, Barden recently penned an open letter to him expressing his condolences and sharing his own experiences with grief and advocacy. In the letter, Barden thanked Martinez for his courage in speaking out and encouraged him to stay strong in the face of the daunting challenges ahead. "I know firsthand the intensity of your pain and your resolve to make a difference in response to it," Barden wrote. "I also know that you will face incredible challenges as you work to honor your son and make our world a safer place. Please know that you are not alone – we are with you, and behind you, every step of the way." Barden went on to express his own frustrations with the lack of progress that has been made in the fight for gun control since his own son's death. "The fact that we have experienced so many mass shootings since Newtown is staggering and unacceptable," Barden wrote. "It is infuriating to see politicians and organizations like the NRA continue to put their political interests ahead of the safety of our children and communities." Despite these obstacles, however, Barden remains hopeful that change is possible. He pointed to the recent passing of universal background checks in Washington State as proof that progress can be made even in the face of opposition. "We have to keep fighting – for our children, for our communities, for our future," Barden wrote. "We cannot allow our leaders to continue to ignore this issue or be swayed by the powerful gun lobby. We owe it to our children to do everything in our power to prevent tragedies like Newtown and Santa Barbara from happening again." In closing, Barden thanked Martinez for his bravery in coming forward and promised to continue to stand with him and other advocates in the fight for gun control. "Your voice is important, and your message is being heard," Barden wrote. "You are not alone, and together, we will make a difference."