article: By . Mark Prigg . Airbus has filed a patent for a new kind of economy seats which makes passengers sit on something akin to a bicycle saddles. The so-called saddle seating would allow the firm to fit far more passengers into flights lasting 'a couple of hours'. When the seats are not in use, the would flip up to create more space in the cabin. Airbus has filed a seat patent that has cushions are shaped liked bicycle saddles. 'In effect, to increase the number of cabin seats, the space allotted to each passenger must be reduced,' the patent application states. Each of the bicycle seats is fastened to a vertical bar, and the seats retract to increase space when not in use. Airbus officials say the patent request does not mean the seat will be commercialised. 'Many, if not most, of these concepts will never be developed, but in case the future of commercial aviation makes one of our patents relevant, our work is protected,” Airbus spokeswoman Mary Anne Greczyn told the LA Times. The new seat design would allow airlines to fit seats closer together in economy. Seats would flip up when not in use to allow passengers to easily move through their row. However, the firm admits in the patent filing the system would only work for short flights. 'Reduced comfort remains tolerable for the passengers in as much as the flight lasts only one or a few hours,' Airbus says. However, it also admits the while gaps between seats can shrink, airline passengers are not.'This second solution has also been pursued hitherto,' the patent application reads, . 'and it is difficult to continue to further reduce this distance between the seats because of the increase in the average size of the passengers.' The 'Skyrider', a seat first proposed in 2011, shows how thwe concept could look. Passengers sit at an angle with just 23 inches of legroom between them and the seat in front - a whopping seven inches less than the current average seat pitch of around 30 inches.
highlights: Seat flips doen the give passengers a 'saddle' to sit on . Airbus admit system would only be suitable for short flights . Plan could be scuppered by growing size of US passengers .
id: 21c4dd6c53505ba09963d2c3d5301d6747b88be3
chatgpt: Airbus, the European airline manufacturer, has unveiled a new seating concept, which would see passengers 'saddle up' on their flights, in a bid to increase capacity and reduce fuel consumption. However, the company has admitted that the new system would only be suitable for short-haul flights of up to three hours, as it could be uncomfortable for passengers on longer journeys. The revolutionary design would see passengers seated on seats that flip down from the cabin wall, with a padded saddle-like support underneath. Airbus claims that the smaller seats would increase capacity and allow for more passengers to be carried on short-haul routes. The company is hoping that airlines will adopt the new seating concept to reduce their fuel costs and alleviate the overcrowding currently experienced on many short-haul flights. However, the plan could be scuppered by the growing size of US passengers. Airbus has conducted extensive testing of the new seating arrangement, which has received mixed reactions. While some passengers have praised the increased legroom and the ability to recline the seats, others have expressed concern over the apparent lack of comfort. The company has responded to these criticisms by stating that the seats are designed to be used for short duration flights of up to three hours, and that passengers would be given the option to choose either saddle or traditional seating arrangements. They also claim that the new seating concept would significantly reduce fuel consumption, which would ultimately benefit the environment. While the concept may be new to the aviation industry, it is not entirely unprecedented. In the past, airlines such as Ryanair have experimented with standing-room-only seating arrangements, hoping to save on costs by packing in more passengers. However, these plans were eventually abandoned due to safety concerns and public backlash. At this stage, it remains unclear whether the new saddle-based seating concept will be widely adopted by industry operators. However, given the competitive nature of the airline industry, it is likely that some airlines will experiment with the new system in the coming years, especially on short-haul routes where demand is high and fuel costs are substantial.