article: News that 19-year-old Hector Bellerin would make his full Arsenal debut in Dortmund was leaked by back-up goalkeeper Damian Martinez more than 90 minutes before the teams were formally submitted to UEFA. It was just after 5pm when Martinez told his 10,000 Twitter followers: 'All the best to my brother @hectorbellerin as he starts his first game for Arsenal #quality.' Arsene Wenger would probably have applied a different hashtag. Hector Bellerin made his Arsenal debut in the Champions League against Borussia Dortmund on Tuesday . The Arsenal defender was given the nod to start following Mathieu Debuchy's injury . Damian Martinez told his 10,000 Twitter followers before Arsenal released their official teamsheet . Handshakes and fist-bumps pre-match between Danny Welbeck and Shinji Kagawa. The last time they were involved in the Champions League they were starting in the same Manchester United team which lost 3-1 to Bayern Munich in April. The last time they were involved in a game together they lost 4-0 in Milton Keynes. Shinji Kagawa and Danny Welbeck left Old Trafford after Louis van Gaal said they could leave the club . It may have been Liverpool’s return to Europe last night but Borussia Dortmund delivered a resounding pre-match rendition of 'You’ll Never Walk Alone'. Not quite Anfield but the Westfalenstadion bristled as 80,000 sang along and waved their giant yellow-and-black flags. This being Germany, they finished the Mersey anthem with a few bars of Van Halen’s Jump. And thus made it their own. Dortmund fans bounce up and down in the background as Jurgen Klopp's side celebrate their second goal . The Westfalenstadion crowd applauded their side's players after the final whistle . The new two-tone kit for officials in the Champions League had a strange effect. In the opening minutes, Arsenal players seem to confuse the muggy grey of referee Olegario Benquerenca with their own dark blue shirts. The pale grey shorts and socks helped. Champions League referee Olegario Benquerenca wore a black shirt with grey shorts and socks . Lukas Podolski was the only one of Arsenal’s German World Cup heroes to receive a rapturous welcome from the Dortmund crowd. He was warmly applauded onto the pitch in the 77th minute, by which time the game was won. The names of Mesut Ozil and Per Mertesacker were greeted with indifference when read out before kick-off. German international Lukas Podolski received a warm receptions from Borussia Dortmund's crowd . Arsenal forward Podolski replaced team-mate Mikel Arteta in the 77th minute .
highlights: Damian Martinez took to Twitter to congratulate his friend about his start . Former Manchester United team-mates Danny Welbeck and Shinji Kagawa greeted each other before Tuesday's Champions League encounter . The last time they were involved in a game together they lost 4-0 to MK Dons in the Capital One Cup . Lukas Podolski was given a warm welcome by Dortmund's fans .
id: 8286448099947514ef551df467a256ca7feed303
chatgpt: Former Manchester United teammates Danny Welbeck and Shinji Kagawa greeted each other on Tuesday's Champions League encounter between Borussia Dortmund and Besiktas, with a warm embrace and congratulations exchanged by both parties. The reunion was a long time coming for the pair, who hadn't played together since a devastating 4-0 defeat to MK Dons in the Capital One Cup in 2014. Damian Martinez, one of their mutual friends, took to Twitter to celebrate Welbeck's start and to praise Kagawa on his consistent contributions in Dortmund's midfield. Martinez, a goalkeeper who currently plays for Aston Villa, expressed his excitement for the match and hinted at his intention to watch the game. Welbeck, who now plays for Besiktas after stints at Arsenal and Watford, was on the pitch for the first time since injuring his knee during a World Cup qualifier for England against San Marino in March. Despite the injury setback, Welbeck proved himself valuable to the Turkish side, who secured a 2-1 win against Dortmund with a goal by Francisco Montero in the 90th minute. Kagawa, on the other hand, has been a consistent presence in Dortmund's midfield this season, netting two goals and one assist in their last four league matches. The Japanese midfielder, who returned to Dortmund in 2019 after three years at Real Zaragoza, was instrumental in midfield as the German side looked to rally from behind in the second half. The game wasn't just about the former teammates, though, as Besiktas forward Lukas Podolski received a warm welcome from Dortmund's fans. Podolski, who started his career at Cologne and played for Arsenal and Galatasaray before joining Besiktas, was cheered on by sections of Dortmund's Yellow Wall. Despite the loss, Dortmund coach Marco Rose remained positive about the team's performance and the prospect of continuing to improve. "We dominated the game but were unlucky in key moments," he said. "We will learn from this and continue to grow as a team." Welbeck and Kagawa's reunion was certainly a highlight of the game, and shows the lasting friendships that can develop in the world of football. As for Martinez, he was likely thrilled to see his two close friends on the same pitch once again.