article: By . Mark Prigg . PUBLISHED: . 11:25 EST, 30 August 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 11:25 EST, 30 August 2013 . Nintendo has unveiled a new low cost handheld games console aimed at taking on the threat from mobile phone games. The 2DS, which has a shallow wedge-like design and two screens, will cost £109 ($129) when it goes on sale on October 12th. It is aimed at children and Nintendo hopes the low cost will persuade parents to buy it instead of a smartphone or tablet. Scroll down for video . Nintendo has unveiled a new low cost handheld games console aimed at taking on the threat from mobile phone games. The 2DS, which has a wedge-like design and two screens, will cost £109 when it goes on sale on October 12th . The firm is going after ‘not just consumers who have necessarily a phone or tablet,’ and want a taste of Nintendo's game fare, ‘but all consumers, especially younger consumers,’ Reggie Fils-Aime, president of Nintendo of America, said. ‘Nintendo has one of the strongest and most diverse video game lineups in our history,’ he claimed. ‘Today we’re making those unique Nintendo experiences more accessible and affordable.’ Experts say the surprise launch could pay off. The handheld console is aimed at children and Nintendo hopes the low cost will persuade parents to buy it instead of a smartphone or table. It is predicted to be a big seller this Christmas . Daniel Krupa, UK Games Editor for IGN.com, said: ‘This new console from Nintendo comes completely out of the blue - but once you realise they designed it to be used by children, it begins to make more sense. ‘This is perfect for parents who want their children to enjoy video games, but don't want to invest in an expensive next-generation console, or hand over their precious smartphone or tablet. ‘Given Nintendo's growing catalogue of handheld games, this could be a huge seller this Christmas season.’ The 2DS is a lower cost version of the 3DS, a larger, clamshell design with a 3D screen - which the 2DS doesn’t have. It can, however, take pictures in 3D thanks to dual cameras. The 2DS is a lower cost version of the 3DS (pictured), a larger, clamshell design with a 3D screen - which the 2DS doesn't have. The 2DS can, however, take pictures in 3D thanks to dual cameras . The firm also announced a $50 price cut for its 32 GB Wii U console in North America and Europe from $349 to $299 - around £193 - following disappointing sales of the console. Nintendo sold just 3.6 million Wii U units sold since launch to June 30 compared to 9.3 million units of its predecessor, the Wii. However, the eight month-old Wii U faces stiff competition from Sony Corp's PlayStation 4, priced at £257 ($399) and Microsoft Corp's Xbox One, priced at £322 ($499) which will hit store shelves in November.
highlights: The 2DS will cost £109 when it goes on sale on 12 October and has a wedge-like design and two screens . It is aimed at children and Nintendo hopes the low cost will persuade parents to buy it instead of a smartphone or tablet . Gaming experts predict the handheld console could be a big seller this Christmas thanks to Nintendo's diverse collection of games .
id: 91d62e9f645bd42303352d2448220eb286411b56
chatgpt: Nintendo is launching a new addition to its handheld console range, the 2DS, aimed at children but with a lower price point than previous models to sway parents who might be contemplating purchasing a tablet or smartphone for their child instead. The 2DS will cost £109 when it goes on sale on 12 October and features a unique wedge-like design and two screens. Gaming experts predict the device could be a big seller this Christmas, thanks to Nintendo's diverse collection of games optimized for the handheld console. While the 2DS is not the first dual-screen console Nintendo has released, it is the first that is specifically designed to be a low-cost option. This is a strategic move to appeal to a wider audience, particularly given the current uncertain economic climate. Nintendo's focus on a lower-priced product is undoubtedly an effort to stem the decline in sales that has been affecting the industry in recent years. With handheld gaming consoles no longer being the go-to for gaming experiences, Nintendo is increasingly reliant on the collection of exclusive titles that can only be accessed on their devices. The company has a wealth of content, thanks to classic franchises like Mario and Zelda, as well as the recent success of games like Luigi's Mansion 2 and Animal Crossing: New Leaf. Nintendo hopes that the 2DS will encourage more people to experience these games, especially children who may not have access to a console or cannot afford one of their own. At just over £100, the 2DS is reasonably priced compared to other gaming consoles, and with no 3D technology included, Nintendo has been able to reduce the price significantly. The console is also robust, which is important for children, and can stand up to the rough and tumble of everyday use. The handheld console's affordability and durability will undoubtedly appeal to parents looking for a low-tech way to keep their children entertained. There is also the added advantage that parents can control the content their child experiences on the console. The 2DS also has a battery life of about 5 hours, which is comparable to other handheld consoles. However, the device does not come with a charger, which is something parents should be aware of when purchasing the console. Overall, it is a smart move for Nintendo to focus on the youth market with the 2DS. With smartphones and tablets becoming more prevalent, handheld gaming consoles are no longer the only option for young people. However, parents still want to give their children the opportunity to play games but might be hesitant to spend hundreds of pounds on a console. The 2DS offers an affordable option that allows children to access a library of exclusive Nintendo titles, and the lack of 3D technology should mean fewer headaches and eyestrain. The 2DS will undoubtedly be a big hit this Christmas, and parents are sure to be grateful for a low-cost option to keep their children entertained.