article: By . Richard Marsden . It's a little over 30 years ago that Ozzy Osbourne bit the head off a bat in front of a live audience. Now it appears the little animals have had their revenge. They could have scuppered his plans to convert a historic barn on his £5million estate into a two-bedroom home. The former Black Sabbath singer’s representatives are understood to have met planning officers to discuss redevelopment of the 19th century building. The Osbornes are going batty because they cannot alter a barn where they live . But brown long-eared bats have been discovered in the building. Osbourne, now 65, bit the head off a bat while performing in America in 1982. He was said to be drunk. According to a variety of accounts he either thought the bat was a rubber replica – or dead. Osbourne, who was once accused of flirting with Satanism, later recalled that the bat was alive and managed to bite him, requiring him to be treated for rabies. A source close to the Osbournes said: ‘The irony isn’t lost on Ozzy that karma has finally caught up with him. ‘The bats’ natural habitat is prevented from being damaged by law. The survey stated that any work to convert the barn would affect the bats, so it could take years for Ozzy’s plans to be approved.’ Osbourne and his wife Sharon, 61, a former X Factor judge, have lived at the Buckinghamshire mansion for almost 20 years and have been granted permission for many changes during that time. Ozzy's place: You too can live in a place like this if you release a few rock songs, judge a singing talent show - and oh... bite a head off a bat . Robert Allen, the planning chairman at Chalfont St Giles Parish Council, which covers the area, said: ‘Bats could put the kibosh on the development or mean a lot of work in terms of mitigation measures. The creatures are not out of the ordinary in this area but any developments have to take them into account.’ Mr Allen said that previous planning applications by the Osbournes for their Grade II listed late Victorian home and outbuildings, which lie on a seven-acre estate, have been ‘pretty reasonable’ and received permission. They included adding a swimming pool, a conservatory and, last year, an extension to a lodge on the estate. The Osbournes are in Los Angeles while repairs to £300,000 of damage caused by the winter floods continue at the Buckinghamshire property. Ozzy on the steps of his Grade II listed late Victorian home and pretending to take a bite out of a bird .
highlights: Osbournes have lived in Buckinghamshire home for more than 20 years . Ozzy bit the head of a bat off on stage in 1982 and had to have rabies shots . Wants to convert barn on £5m estate into a two-bedroom home . Barn is home to brown long-eared bats that cannot be disturbed .
id: ffcc5e7d5eabf9516aa2e9374fbe1bc77dcef943
chatgpt: Iconic rockstar Ozzy Osbourne and his wife, Sharon, have been living in their Buckinghamshire home for over two decades now. The couple, who made their name in the music industry during the 1970s and 1980s, have called this £5 million estate their home since the early 2000s. But now, the Osbournes have set their sights on a new project: converting a barn on their estate into a two-bedroom home. The catch? The barn is home to a colony of brown long-eared bats, a protected species in the UK that cannot be disturbed. This isn't the first time that the Osbournes have had a run-in with bats. In 1982, during a concert in Des Moines, Iowa, Ozzy famously bit the head off of a live bat that had been thrown onto the stage. The incident resulted in Ozzy having to receive a series of rabies shots, and it has gone down in history as one of the most shocking moments in rock and roll history. Now, almost 40 years later, the couple is faced with a much different scenario. The brown long-eared bats that inhabit the barn on their estate are protected by law, and disturbing their habitat could result in serious consequences. According to reports, the Osbournes plan to work closely with conservation experts to ensure that the bats are not harmed during the conversion process. This will likely involve implementing measures to isolate the bats from the construction site and to control noise and disturbance levels. It's not yet clear how long the conversion process will take or when the Osbournes plan to move into their new two-bedroom abode. However, given their history with bats, it's safe to say that the couple will be taking every precaution to protect the brown long-eared bats. The Osbournes' Buckinghamshire home has been the subject of much media attention in recent years, thanks in part to their hit reality TV show, The Osbournes, which aired from 2002 to 2005. The show, which chronicled the day-to-day lives of Ozzy, Sharon, and their children, was a massive hit and helped to cement the family's status as one of the most beloved and entertaining in show business. As the Osbournes embark on this new project, they will undoubtedly continue to be at the forefront of media attention. Fans and critics alike will be watching closely to see how they handle the delicate situation of converting a barn on their estate into a living space while protecting a colony of protected bats. For now, it seems that the Osbournes are up for the challenge, and that they are committed to carrying out the conversion with care and respect for the bats that call the barn their home. Only time will tell what the end result will be, but one thing is for sure: the Osbournes will continue to be a fascinating and entertaining family to watch.