article: A mentally ill North Carolina inmate held in solitary confinement for 35 days died of dehydration, an autopsy report revealed Thursday. Michael Anthony Kerr, 54, was found unresponsive in the back of a van on March 12 while being transported to a mental hospital. Officials say that prior to being driven to the mental hospital, Kerr was being held in solitary confinement -- or 'The Hole' -- at the Alexander Correctional Institution in Taylorsville. During his confinement, Kerr was reportedly cited twice for flooding his cell. 35 Days: Kerr was reportedly held in solitary confinement for more than a month prior to his death . Investigation: Department of Public Safety secretary Frank L. Perry pledged in March to conduct a thorough investigation into Kerr's death, no details of the investigation have been made public . Alexander Correctional Institution policy allows prison staff to turn off the water to an inmate's toilet or sink for 'misuse of plumbing.' Authorities noted abrasions on Kerr's arms that were consistent with being restrained. Kerr suffered from schizoaffective disorder -- a mental illness featuring symptoms of both schizophrenia and bipolar disorder -- and officials say he was not receiving treatment at the time leading up to his death. ABC News reports that Frank L. Perry, public safety secretary, pledged to conduct a 'thorough' and 'aggressive' investigation into the death of Kerr, who had been serving a 31-year sentence as a 'habitual felon.' Kerr's sister: Brenda Liles, Kerr's sister, said she tried repeatedly to contact prison officials to help her brother . The agency has yet to make public any results of the investigation. ABC reports that Pathologist Dr. Lauren Scott said in a medical examiner's report that she could not determine whether Kerr's death was natural, accidental, or a homicide. Venuti said that missing key details led to lack of information led to unanswered questions about the circumstances leading to Kerr's death, including when he was last provided with food and water. 'It was not possible to make any firm conclusions regarding the inmate's nutrition and fluid intake,' Venuti said, 'and whether or not his mental health and/or external factors played a role in the dehydration.' Earlier this year, Kerr's sister, Brenda Liles, told the Associated Press that she and her brother had struggled with mental illness since the death of his two sons In recent years. Liles also told the AP that she tried to contact prison officials days before her brother's death in an effort to get him help after hearing from another inmate that Kerr was in danger. Since Kerr's death, an ACI nurse and staff psychologist resigned and a captain and four nurses have been fired by the North Carolina Department of Public Safety. The agency failed to respond to a request filed Thursday for information regarding Kerr's punishment. The agency reportedly said in a statement that the autopsy's findings are being reviewed and an investigation into Kerr's death is ongoing.
highlights: Autopsy: Michael Anthony Kerr, 54, died of dehydration . More than five months after the investigation was launched, no details about the circumstances leading to Kerr's death have been revealed . Kerr suffered from an illness featuring symptoms of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder . Kerr's sister said she contacted prison officials repeatedly to help her brother .
id: ca57af39dd741b38e933bb8f1a635f99cd30d0f7
chatgpt: Autopsy: Michael Anthony Kerr, 54, died of dehydration after being held in a North Carolina prison. Kerr, who suffered from an illness featuring symptoms of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder, was found dead on March 12, 2014, after being transferred to the Alexander Correctional Institution. Kerr's death has been the subject of both local and national attention due to the lack of information about what happened to him in the days leading up to his death. More than five months after the investigation was launched, no details about the circumstances leading to Kerr's death have been revealed. Kerr's sister, Brenda Liles, has been vocal about the need for accountability from prison officials. She described her brother's experience in the prison system as "torture." Liles said she contacted prison officials repeatedly to help her brother and requested that he be transferred to a mental health facility because he wasn't receiving adequate care. According to Liles, Kerr's mental health went largely untreated while he was in prison. She said that he was often placed in solitary confinement, which only worsened his condition. "They knew he was mentally ill. They knew he wasn't getting the treatment he needed," Liles said in an interview with The News & Observer. The North Carolina Department of Public Safety, which oversees the state's prisons, has not released any information about Kerr's death. A spokesperson for the department said that the investigation is ongoing and that they would not comment further until it is complete. The lack of transparency from the prison system has raised concerns among advocates for prisoner rights. "What we're seeing in North Carolina is a lack of accountability and a lack of transparency," said Emily Coward, an attorney with the ACLU of North Carolina. "This is not just about Michael Kerr. This is a systemic problem. We need to have more oversight and more transparency in our prisons." In response to Kerr's death, the state has implemented a number of reforms aimed at improving mental health care in its prison system. These reforms include increasing staffing levels at mental health facilities and providing more resources for prisoners with mental illnesses. However, advocates say that more needs to be done to ensure that prisoners with mental illnesses receive proper care. "We need to ensure that prisoners with mental illnesses are no longer subjected to solitary confinement and other forms of punishment that only exacerbate their illness," Coward said. For Liles, the fight for justice for her brother is far from over. "I want answers," she said. "I want to know what happened to my brother, and I want to make sure that no one else has to go through what he went through."