article: By . Gerri Peev . Interest rates could rise earlier than expected thanks to a growth in employment, putting one million mortgage-holders at risk of losing their homes. A record 30million people are in work and the trend is set to continue, says the Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development (CIPD). If unemployment was to fall below 7 per cent, this would prompt the Bank of England to rethink interest rates, governor Mark Carney has said. Household debt crisis: If interest rates rise faster than predicted British households could be put at risk . But a separate study suggests a rise in interest rates could leave one million homeowners in danger of defaulting on their mortgages and other debts. Citizens Advice has warned of a ‘financial ticking timebomb’ if there is even a modest rise in interest rates. Chief executive Gillian Guy said: ‘The rising cost of energy, food and travel has been absorbing any spare income people may have. In some cases there is little or nothing left to cope with larger mortgage repayments.’ Even if rates rise gently from 0.5 per cent to 3 per cent by 2018, 1.12million would spend most of their take-home pay on debt repayments, said the Resolution Foundation think-tank. Big spenders: Most of the UK's household debt is composed of mortgages, with the rest taken up with credit cards, personal lending and payday loans . And if rates rise more quickly to 5 per cent by 2018, two million would be tipped into unsustainable levels of debt. The Resolution Foundation, which based its analysis on Office for Budget Responsibility projections, said: ‘While record low interest rates have reduced current repayment costs, fewer people than we hoped have used this breathing space to pay off their debts.’
highlights: A record 30million people are now in work . Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development says this is set to rise . This could prompt the Bank of England to rethink its interest rates .
id: 9f4bed06defed342c0407e6c169521c1dcb45dba
chatgpt: The latest government figures show that a record 30 million Brits are now in work - a huge boost to the economy compared to the previous quarter. According to the Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development (CIPD), this trend is expected to continue, meaning that interest rates may need to be reevaluated. The rise in employment has been driven by a growth in private sector employment. In addition, the number of people claiming unemployment benefit has fallen, showing that the economy is performing well. The CIPD predicts that the unemployment rate will continue to fall over the next year, meaning that more people will be earning and contributing to the economy. This is welcome news for the Bank of England, which has been keeping a close eye on the state of the UK's economy. With financial turmoil in many parts of the world, the Bank of England is keen to maintain a stable and consistent rate of interest. However, with such a large number of people now in work, there is a growing feeling that interest rates may need to be readjusted. Many economists believe that a rate rise is now inevitable, as more people earn and spend money in the economy. The Bank of England has already said that interest rates will be raised if inflation hits 2%. The latest figures show that inflation rose slightly in May, meaning that a rise in interest rates could be on the horizon. Despite this, many experts believe that the UK economy is still fragile, and that any sudden rate rise could have a negative effect. The CIPD has urged caution, saying that interest rate rises need to be carefully managed, and should not be implemented too quickly. Overall, the latest employment figures signal good news for the UK economy. With more people than ever before earning a wage, there is a renewed sense of optimism about the future. However, any decision regarding interest rates needs to be carefully considered, to ensure that the economy continues to thrive.