article: Guillermo Ochoa must have been distracted. The Robin van Persie corner was wicked, Dirk Kuyt's movement direct; the Mexican goalkeeper span on his goalline to find Stefan de Vrij careering in from nowhere. The Dutch defender latched on to the cross with a sweetly-hit volley four yards out. Goal, surely? No, on the turn Ochoa threw out two big hands and punch away at point-blank range. It was one of the most stunning saves at this World Cup. And this was no fluke. That split-second decision, to get his head straight and look directly at the effort before throwing his arms out, was technically flawless. VIDEO Scroll down to Watch Ochoa make an incredible save for former club America . Star man: Guillermo Ochoa has been the World Cup's standout goalkeeper throughout this month . Keeping them at bay: The Mexican made a string of stunning saves as his side made the last-16 . What a save! Ochoa's mammoth punch to thwart Dutchman Stefan de Vrij was technically excellent . It isn't the reason Premier League clubs could do worse than have a look at the 28-year-old, but offers an insight into why he has been so revered in Brazil. Mexico went out against Holland, thanks to a couple of goals Ochoa could do absolutely nothing about, and their goalkeeper has drawn a hefty chunk of the plaudits. Wesley Snejider's volley was unstoppable and coach Miguel Herrera could not legislate for the apparent Arjen Robben dive that eventually won Klaas-Jan Huntelaar's side the game. Up until the 88th minute Mexico were through to the quarter-finals, where they would have played Costa Rica. That, in part, was down to the No 1. He made another super save, from Robben when bearing down on goal, and organised his defence with ultimate assurance. No wonder one Ajaccio supporter has taken the rather unusual step of flogging his house, wife and kids in a bid to raise enough money - £8million he says - to keep Ochoa at the Ligue 2 outfit. Trying getting past this! Ochoa has become an internet sensation as he draws huge plaudits . Trying getting past this! Ochoa has become an internet sensation as he draws huge plaudits . It simply won't happen. He is out of contract this summer and will earn a move to one of Europe's top divisions. These string of performances won't have gone unnoticed, and he's become an internet sensation over the past few days. Social media has gone mad for his reflexes, with various mocked-up pictures going viral over the weekend. As one suggests, Brazil, Cameroon, Croatia and eventually Holland must've felt as if they were coming up against a genuine brick wall. VIDEO Ochoa brilliance denies Brazil .
highlights: Ochoa is likely to be courted by clubs across Europe . Mexico were eventually knocked out in Brazil by Holland .
id: b662b5e0b6032de5b71175108d35799057337835
chatgpt: Mexican goalkeeper Guillermo Ochoa is expected to be in high demand this summer, after impressing at the 2014 World Cup in Brazil. Ochoa, dubbed 'the wall' by some commentators, is set to become a free agent after his contract with French club Ajaccio expires at the end of the month. The 29-year-old shot-stopper was one of Mexico's key performers in Brazil, producing a string of sensational saves to help his side progress to the knockout stages of the competition. Despite his heroics, Mexico were eventually knocked out in the last-16 stage by Holland, who scored twice in the final minutes of the match to snatch victory from the jaws of defeat. Despite this disappointment, Ochoa's performances have not gone unnoticed, and it is believed that a number of clubs across Europe are interested in signing the talented goalkeeper. Ochoa has been linked with moves to clubs in England, Spain, and Italy, with reports suggesting that a number of scouts were in attendance at Mexico's matches in Brazil to watch the keeper in action. One club that has been strongly linked with a move for Ochoa is Liverpool. The Anfield club are thought to be in the market for a new goalkeeper, and Ochoa could be seen as an ideal replacement for Simon Mignolet, who struggled for form at times last season. Another club that is reportedly interested in Ochoa's services is AC Milan. The Serie A side are thought to be on the lookout for a new goalkeeper, and Ochoa could be seen as a cheaper alternative to some of the other keepers on their shortlist. However, Ochoa is unlikely to come cheap, with his performances at the World Cup likely to have increased his value significantly. The goalkeeper has already expressed his desire to play at a higher level than Ajaccio, and it is believed that he is seeking a move to one of Europe's top leagues. Despite the interest from other clubs, Ajaccio are still keen to retain Ochoa's services, and are understood to have offered the goalkeeper a new deal. However, it remains to be seen whether or not Ochoa will be tempted to stay at the club, or move on to pastures new. For now, Ochoa is enjoying some time off after his World Cup exploits, but he will no doubt be aware of the growing interest in his services. It remains to be seen where he will end up, but one thing is for sure – clubs across Europe will be queuing up to sign 'the wall' this summer.