article: (CNN) -- An explosion destroyed a home in suburban Pittsburgh on Wednesday, killing an elderly man and severely injuring his grandchild, authorities said. A house exploded Wednesday, killng one person and injuring a second, in the Pennsylvania borough of Plum. The explosion was reported about 1:30 p.m. on Mardi Gras Drive in Plum Borough, about 15 miles northeast of Pittsburgh. Several neighboring homes were damaged, fire officials said. Richard Leith, 64, was babysitting his grandchild in the home, according to John J. Smith, an investigator with the Allegheny County medical examiner's office. Both were transported to local hospitals, though Leith died later in the afternoon. The condition of the child, who was treated at Children's Hospital, was unknown, Smith said. Leith's autopsy would be conducted on Thursday, he added. It is unclear what caused the explosion. Dave Heiser, a neighbor, told CNN that he was home when he heard the explosion. "I thought my house blew up. My windows were blown out. I went outside and debris was falling from the sky," he said. Watch the neighbor describe hearing the blast » . He said he ran three houses down and saw a woman running with a little girl and screaming. "The little girl was apparently in the house when the explosion happened and was blown outside," Heiser said. "That house was leveled to the ground. There is nothing left." Several families who were displaced by the explosion were directed to Red Cross officials to make arrangements for shelter Wednesday night, authorities said. E-mail to a friend . CNN's Ninette Sosa contributed to this report.
highlights: Officials: 1:30 p.m. explosion kills grandfather, severely injures grandchild . It's unclear what caused the blast, authorities say . Investigator: 64-year-old Richard Leith died at hospital . Neighbor says he saw a woman running down street with a little girl after blast .
id: f3d07208d0059d738fc7788a4ce813309b677d7b
chatgpt: An explosion at a residence in the mid-afternoon claimed the life of a grandfather and left his grandchild with severe injuries. Officials responding to the scene have not determined what caused the blast at this time. However, authorities are actively investigating the incident. According to investigators, 64-year-old Richard Leith was transported to the hospital following the explosion, where he later passed away due to his injuries. The victim's grandchild was also severely injured and is currently receiving medical care. A neighbor reported seeing a woman running down the street with a little girl after the blast. It is unclear whether the woman is related to the victims or if she is a witness to the incident. However, investigators are seeking any information that could aid their investigation. The sound of the explosion shook nearby houses and sent shockwaves throughout the neighborhood. Residents rushed out of their homes to see what had happened, some even offering assistance to those impacted by the explosion. The authorities have yet to release any further information about the cause of the incident. However, officials are urging anyone with information to come forward and assist in the investigation. This tragic incident has left the community in mourning and searching for answers. The impact of the explosion extends beyond just those directly impacted, as residents are left wondering what caused such a devastating event in their neighborhood. As the investigation continues, the community is holding those impacted by the incident in their thoughts and prayers.