article: (CNN) -- The body of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez will eventually be displayed publicly "just like Lenin (and) Mao Zedong," the country's vice president said Thursday on state-run TV. "The body of our leader will be embalmed, and it will ... be surrounded by crystal glass forever, present forever, and always with his people," Nicolas Maduro said. Maduro will be sworn in as interim president in a special session of the National Assembly at 7 p.m. Friday, said National Assembly President Diosdado Cabello on Thursday on Venezuelan state broadcaster VTV. The funeral for Chavez, who died at 58 Tuesday after a battle with cancer, will be held Friday in the capital, Caracas. Attendees are expected to include Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, Cuban leader Raul Castro and Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff, Maduro said. Venezuela is slated to hold elections 30 days after Chavez died, according to Foreign Minister Elias Jaua. Hugo Chavez's death draws sympathy, anger . Maduro did not say when Chavez's final resting place, at a military museum, will be ready. But people still will be able to view Chavez's body -- lying in state in a wooden casket at a military academy in the capital -- for at least another week, he said. "Everybody can see him without any limits," Maduro said. "We want anyone who wants to see him to have the chance to do so." The South American nation is in a seven-day period of mourning, with schools closed for the week. Chavez's body later will be displayed much like the remains of former revolutionary leaders Vladimir Lenin of Russia and China's Mao, Maduro said. Venezuelans line streets for Chavez procession . CNN's Esprit Smith contributed to this report.
highlights: Nicolas Maduro to be sworn in Friday as interim president . Chavez, who had cancer, died at 58 on Tuesday; the funeral is set for Friday . Chavez's body "will be surrounded by crystal glass forever," Maduro says .
id: 026c282ca35d66d8d253b6793a37bbe71f260c63
chatgpt: Venezuela's Vice President, Nicolas Maduro, is set to be sworn in as the country's interim president on Friday following the death of Hugo Chavez. Chavez, who was battling cancer, passed away at the age of 58 on Tuesday. As the country mourns the loss of their leader, plans for his funeral are already underway.  Maduro has given details of where Chavez will be laid to rest. He revealed that Chavez's body "will be surrounded by crystal glass forever," adding that it would be put on display at the Museum of the Revolution, located in the Venezuelan capital, Caracas. The museum had been created to commemorate Chavez's failed coup attempt in 1992, which had ultimately led him to become Venezuela's president years later.  Friday's ceremony is expected to be a somber occasion, with many dignitaries from around the world expected to attend. Heavily armed soldiers have taken to the streets to maintain peace and order throughout the country. Maduro has addressed the nation, making clear that he will follow in Chavez's footsteps and continue his legacy.  There has been some uncertainty over the announcement of fresh elections following Chavez's death. Some opposition campaigners have claimed that Maduro's ascension to the presidency violates Venezuela's constitution, and have called for fresh elections to be held. However, Maduro has declared his intention to stand as a candidate in the forthcoming election to cement his position as the country's leader.  The situation in Venezuela remains tense, with the country still grappling with the loss of a beloved leader. The world will be watching closely as Maduro takes his place as the interim president of Venezuela. The repercussions of Chavez's death could be felt throughout South America, and the world.