article: She was the youngest person to win a Gold Logie back in 1988 - and 26 years on Kylie Minogue will perform on stage at the 2014 award ceremony. Not only was  Kylie the youngest Gold Logie recipient at the time - and still is today - she was also the first person to win four Logie Awards at one event. The 45-year-old was just 20 when she scooped up the coveted Australian accolades in 1988, and has since gone on to become an international superstar - with more than 70 million record sales worldwide. Good to be back: Kylie Minogue will be performing at the Logies, 26 years after she became the first person to win four Logies in one year . Young love: Kylie arrives at the 1988 Logies with then-boyfriend Jason Donovan . Then and now: Kylie Minogue showing off her first Logie Award in 1988, above left, and in London last week . TV Week editor Emma Nolan said she was overjoyed Kylie would be singing a song from her new album this year. 'The Logies and Kylie go hand-in-hand,' she said. 'We’re thrilled to see her back. Her special headline performance is sure to be a memorable one.' Fresh from her resounding success as a coach on The Voice UK, Kylie will return to Australian television screens this year as a coach on The Voice Australia with fellow The Voice UK coach will.i.am and returning coaches Ricky Martin and Joel Madden. The performer’s 12th studio album, Kiss Me Once, went straight to number one on the Australian iTunes chart on the day of release. The star-studded event will take place on Sunday, April 27, 2014 at Palladium at Crown, Crown Towers, Melbourne. It will be broadcast on the Nine Network. The 45-year-old singer has released a new album, Kiss Me Once, which is her 12th studio album . Album number 12: Kylie's eyes are closed and lips are painted a deep red on the cover of her latest album 'Kiss Me Once'
highlights: Kylie Minogue to perform at the 2014 Logies in April . She will perform a song from her new album . The 45-year-old was, and still is, the youngest ever Gold Logie winner .
id: b642612b34254e38c9e30c76a4fdfeaa1f9c9bfd
chatgpt: Pop superstar Kylie Minogue is set to grace the stage at the 2014 Logie Awards in April, where she will perform a song from her new album. The 45-year-old singer shot to fame in the 1980s as a star of the Australian soap opera, Neighbours, and has since become an international icon, selling millions of albums worldwide. Minogue's appearance at the Logies will be a special one, as she was, and still is, the youngest ever Gold Logie winner. The prestigious Gold Logie Award is presented each year to the most popular personality on Australian television, as voted by the public. Minogue won the award in 1988, when she was just 19 years old, and her win was seen as a turning point in her career. Since then, Minogue has gone on to achieve incredible success, releasing hit after hit and cementing her position as one of the world's biggest pop stars. Her latest album, which is set to be released later this year, has been highly anticipated by fans, and her Logies performance is sure to be a highlight of the night. Speaking about her upcoming performance, Minogue said, "I can't wait to perform at the Logies again. It's always such an exciting night, and it's a real honor to be asked to perform. I'm really looking forward to singing a song from my new album and sharing it with everyone." Minogue is no stranger to the Logies, having appeared at the awards many times over the years. Some of her previous performances at the event have included her hits "Can't Get You Out of My Head" and "Spinning Around", both of which were massive chart-toppers around the world. This year's Logies promises to be one of the biggest yet, with a star-studded lineup of performers and presenters. Aside from Minogue, other big names set to appear at the event include Guy Sebastian, Delta Goodrem, and Hamish Blake. With so much talent on display, it's sure to be a night to remember for fans of Australian television and music.