article: LOS ANGELES, California (CNN) -- U.S. airstrikes aimed at al Qaeda leaders in Pakistan have been "very effective," with few civilian deaths as a result, CIA Director Leon Panetta said Monday in a rare public acknowledgment of the raids. CIA Director Leon Panetta speaks about the fight against al Qaeda at the Pacific Council on International Policy. Asked about criticism of the missile attacks by counterinsurgency experts, Panetta said he did not want to discuss specifics, "but I can assure you that in terms of that particular area, it is very precise and is very limited in terms of collateral damage." "Very frankly, it's the only game in town in terms of confronting or trying to disrupt the al Qaeda leadership," Panetta told the Pacific Council on International Policy in Los Angeles. Pakistan has complained repeatedly about what it says are airstrikes on its territory by U.S.-operated drones. The U.S. military in neighboring Afghanistan does not comment on the attacks, which typically target Islamic militants in the border region, but the United States is the only country operating in the region known to have the capability to launch missiles from remote-controlled aircraft. Panetta's predecessor, Michael Hayden, was asked about the drone attacks on Pakistani territory shortly before he left office in January, but addressed it far less directly than Panetta. "I'm not going to talk about anything operational, and I'm not confirming or denying how any of this happens, we're not getting into that," he said. But he said he believed al Qaeda leaders had come to view Pakistan's tribal regions as "neither safe nor a haven." Two leading former advisers on counterinsurgency warfare, David Kilcullen and Andrew Exum, wrote in The New York Times over the weekend that the strikes have killed about 14 terrorist leaders in the past three years -- but Pakistani sources say the civilian death toll could be as high as 700. While U.S. officials dispute that ratio, Kilcullen and Exum wrote, "Every one of these dead noncombatants represents an alienated family, a new desire for revenge and more recruits for a militant movement that has grown exponentially even as drone strikes have increased." "The persistence of these attacks on Pakistani territory offends people's deepest sensibilities, alienates them from their government and contributes to Pakistan's instability," Kilcullen and Exum said. They compared the tactics to British bombardment of the same region in the 1920s and French airstrikes on Algeria in the 1950s, arguing that the strikes were likely to remind Pakistanis of colonial rule. U.S. forces have been battling al Qaeda and its Taliban allies in Afghanistan since the terrorist network's 2001 attacks on New York and Washington. Both have taken root across the rugged border in Pakistan, where Pakistani troops are waging an air and ground offensive to crush the Taliban in the Swat Valley, northwest of the capital, Islamabad. Prime Minister Yusuf Reza Gilani said Monday that the offensive will go on "until peace is established." CNN's Pam Benson contributed to this report.
highlights: CIA Director Leon Panetta makes rare public acknowledgment of raids . U.S. airstrikes "only game in town" to fight al Qaeda in Pakistan, he says . He says strikes are very precise and collateral damage is limited .
id: 791fba8e61a965b5254e050f9ba2ed114aef679c
chatgpt: In a rare public acknowledgment, the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), Leon Panetta, has spoken out about the importance of airstrikes as the most effective way to fight al Qaeda in Pakistan. Despite criticisms of the CIA's use of drone strikes, Panetta stated that the "strikers are very precise" and that "collateral damage is very small". Panetta's remarks come at a time when the U.S. military is ramping up its offensive against al Qaeda. Speaking at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington, D.C., Panetta defended the use of drone strikes in Pakistan, stating that they were the "only game in town" when it came to stopping al Qaeda. He said that the Pakistanis were providing "good intelligence," but that the U.S. military needed to take action to disrupt the terrorist group's operations.  The CIA's drone program has long been a controversial topic with many critics citing civilian deaths and damage to property as a result of U.S. airstrikes. However, Panetta said that "we have been very careful" in ensuring that the strikes only hit al Qaeda targets and that any civilian casualties were the result of "unintended consequences".  He added that the U.S. military was working closely with its Pakistani counterparts to ensure that the airstrikes were carried out with minimal risk to civilians. "We have a responsibility to do everything possible to make sure that when we take these steps we do them with the least possible risk to innocent lives," he said.  Panetta also addressed the issue of the Pakistani government's criticism of U.S. drone strikes on its territory. He said that the U.S. was committed to working with the Pakistani government to fight terrorism, but that the CIA's drone program was necessary to stop al Qaeda from operating in Pakistan's tribal regions.  "We're fighting a war in the tribal areas of Pakistan, and the only way we're going to be able to successfully defeat al Qaeda is to continue these efforts," he said. "We are prepared to work with the Pakistanis. But we cannot stop these efforts because of concerns they may have. We have to be able to continue these operations to succeed in this fight." Panetta's remarks come amid reports that the U.S. military is planning to increase its use of drone strikes in Pakistan. According to the New York Times, the U.S. military is planning to expand its drone program to include a "targeted killing campaign" aimed at eliminating top al Qaeda leaders in Pakistan.  Panetta did not discuss the specifics of the U.S. military's plans for Pakistan, but he did stress the importance of intelligence in targeting al Qaeda leaders. "The key to our success in this war is good intelligence," he said. "Without it, we cannot defeat al Qaeda, we cannot disrupt their operations, we cannot prevent their attacks." While the use of drones has been controversial, with many critics alleging that the U.S. is violating international law by carrying out strikes on foreign soil, Panetta defended the drone program as necessary to protect U.S. interests.  "We have to be able to defend ourselves, and that means taking steps to protect our people and our country," he said. "We are doing everything we can to protect innocent lives, but we also have a responsibility to prevent al Qaeda from carrying out attacks on our country and our allies. That is what the drone program is all about."  Overall, Panetta's remarks underscored the U.S. military's commitment to stopping al Qaeda in Pakistan, despite the controversies surrounding the use of drone strikes. As the U.S. and its allies continue to fight terrorism around the world, the use of drones is likely to remain a contentious issue.