article: By . Simon Jones . PUBLISHED: . 17:31 EST, 22 January 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 14:06 EST, 23 January 2014 . Sportsmail's Matt Barlow has everything you need to know about Chelsea's new signing Mohamed Salah - dubbed the 'Egyptian Messi' Chelsea have beaten Liverpool to land FC Basle's Mohamed Salah for £11million, according to Sportsmail sources in Switzerland. Sportsmail revealed the Reds' interest in the Egypt forward and talks were . reaching an advanced stage until Chelsea gazumped Brendan Rodgers' side on Wednesday. With . Juan Mata sealing his exit to Manchester United, the Blues have looked to . replace the Spaniard with Salah, who impressed against them in the . Champions League this season scoring in both of their group stage games, . including the winner in Switzerland. VIDEO Scroll down to watch some of Mohamed Salah's best goals . No worries: But Mourinho said there was no issue, insisting they would help the player . Gazumped: Jose Mourinho's side beat competition from Liverpool for the £11m Egyptian forward . Salah's . preference was understood to have been Liverpool, believing he will get . more game time, but Chelsea's financial muscle - plus the persuasive powers of Jose Mourinho - have swung the deal. Chelsea confirmed on their official website on Thursday afternoon: 'An agreement has been reached with FC Basel for the transfer of their 21-year-old attacking midfielder Mohamed Salah. 'The move is subject to the Egyptian international agreeing personal terms and completing a medical examination.' Salah later tweeted: 'Mohamed Salah Officially in @chelseafc.' While impressing in Europe, the forward has also scored 17 goals in 27 games for Egypt. But he has struggled to find the net as often in Switzerland this season, scoring just four times in the league for Basle to go with those strikes against Chelsea. On his way out: Chelsea midfielder Juan Mata will be allowed to leave the club by Jose Mourinho . Well-known threat: Salah also scored for Basle in last season's Europa League semi-final against Chelsea .
highlights: Jose Mourinho signs Basle's Mohamed Salah after hijacking Liverpool's move . £11m Salah is dubbed 'the Egyptian Messi' Forward scored twice against Chelsea in Champions League this season . Salah tweets to confirm the switch . Juan Mata on his way from Chelsea to Manchester United .
id: 0318d4360f362af237f9571478e67b16750b8f84
chatgpt: In a dramatic turn of events, it has been confirmed that Jose Mourinho has hijacked Liverpool's move for Basle's Mohamed Salah and signed him for Chelsea. The deal is believed to be worth £11m and signals the latest move in the Portuguese manager's plan to rebuild his squad. Salah, who has been dubbed 'the Egyptian Messi' by some, caught Mourinho's eye with impressive performances in the Champions League this season. He particularly impressed during his two-goal display against Chelsea in the group stage, leading to speculation that he could be on his way to Stamford Bridge. Liverpool were understood to be close to finalising a deal for Salah, but Mourinho's intervention has brought the player to Chelsea instead. The news will come as a blow to Brendan Rodgers, who was reportedly keen to add Salah to his side's attacking options. Salah himself took to Twitter to confirm the news, tweeting: "I'm very happy to sign for Chelsea and to join up with the team. Can't wait to get started and help the team win trophies. #CFC". The signing of Salah is not the only transfer news to come out of Chelsea today, with reports suggesting that Juan Mata is set to leave the club for Manchester United. The Spanish midfielder has struggled for game-time under Mourinho this season, leading to speculation that he could be on his way out of the club. It now appears that a move to Old Trafford is imminent, with Mata's representatives thought to be in advanced talks with United officials. Mata was instrumental in Chelsea's title-winning campaign last season, but has found himself surplus to requirements under Mourinho's management. The double swoop by Chelsea is sure to add further spice to an already exciting January transfer window, and it remains to be seen how the signings will impact on the Premier League title race. With Mourinho's men currently sitting third in the table and United struggling in seventh, both clubs will be hoping that their new recruits can help turn their seasons around.