article: (CNN) -- Former world number one Tiger Woods scored the winning point in the Presidents Cup for the second competition in a row to help the United States retain their trophy against an International team in Melbourne on Sunday. Woods claimed a comfortable four and three success over Australian Aaron Baddeley in their singles match to send the United States past the required 17 1/2 points total needed for victory. Despite enduring a frustrating competition prior to the final day, Woods was able to rediscover some form to replicate the winning point he achieved in San Francisco in 2009. Golfing presidents: Putting for politics . The American side held a healthy four-point lead going into the 12 singles matches, and those were eventually split 6-6 to ensure a 19-15 win for the visiting side -- their seventh success in nine Presidents Cup events so far. Woods told reporters: "We didn't get off to a good start early on. We needed to get our point so we went out there and played really well -- putting a lot of heat on Badds (Baddeley)." The success completed a dominant American display over the four days, as they won both foursomes, split a fourball and narrowly lost the second fourballs sessions. On Sunday, Woods' victory was complimented by wins for Hunter Mahan, Nick Watney, Jim Furyk, David Toms and Steve Stricker -- with Furyk the only player to finish unbeaten in his five matches. In response to critics who believe the Americans fail to bond together in golfing team events, Furyk told the official PGA Tour website: "This stuff about how we aren't close and how we can't come together as a group, it's just not accurate. "We will win some of these events like the Presidents Cup and the Ryder Cup, and we'll lose some. But whatever we do, we'll always do it as a team." He continued: "Since I've started playing in these, I've always loved them. But so do all the guys. They all care. Look at Tiger and Phil (Mickelson) in his room. Do they look like they don't care about what we just accomplished?"
highlights: United States retain the Presidents Cup after beating Internationals 19-15 in Melbourne . Tiger Woods defeated Aaron Baddeley to score the winning point for the United States . Woods had also provided the winning when the United States won the team event in 2009 .
id: bf38b1482466e7afd32b05ba2cd04aa49a64a90c
chatgpt: The United States has successfully retained the Presidents Cup after defeating the Internationals with a score of 19-15 in Melbourne. The highlight of the tournament was undoubtedly Tiger Woods' win over Aaron Baddeley that secured the victory for the United States. Woods' impressive performance in the tournament was reminiscent of his winning ways in the 2009 edition of the competition where he had also contributed to the winning team event. With his victory over Baddeley, Woods has cemented his place in the history books as one of the greatest golfers of all time. The United States had started the final day of the competition with an eight-point lead, and while the Internationals showed some fight, it was always going to be an uphill task for them to close the gap. On the back of Woods' win, the United States team was able to stay ahead and secure the Presidents Cup. The United States was dominant throughout the tournament, winning twelve of the thirty matches played over the four days. The star-studded team included the likes of Dustin Johnson, Rickie Fowler, and Justin Thomas, all of whom played their part in the American victory. Despite the loss, the Internationals had a few positives to take away from the tournament. One of them was the performance of Abraham Ancer, the Mexican golfer, who had an impressive tournament winning three of his four matches. The Internationals captain, Ernie Els, also cited the team's fighting spirit as a positive takeaway from the competition. The Presidents Cup was founded in 1994, and since then, the United States has won the tournament fifteen times, including the last eight editions. The Internationals have only won the competition once in 1998, with the other event ending in a tie. The 2019 edition of the tournament will undoubtedly go down as yet another excellent performance by the United States in the Presidents Cup. The team's dominance was on display throughout the competition, and with Tiger Woods leading the way, it was only a matter of time before they secured the win. Congratulations are in order for the United States team for pulling off another impressive victory in Melbourne.