article: By . Jason Groves . PUBLISHED: . 03:37 EST, 27 August 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 18:37 EST, 27 August 2012 . The deal to strip Sir Richard  Branson of his major rail franchise could be signed by ministers tonight despite his last-ditch intervention yesterday. The Virgin boss made a personal appeal to David Cameron to block the award of the West Coast  Mainline to rivals First Group. Speaking from his private Caribbean island of Necker, the billionaire claimed the contract process had been flawed in an outspoken television interview. Blow: Sir Richard Branson's train company has lost its West Coast franchise but has today vowed to run it for free if Labour manages to halt the contract being signed by FirstGroup tomorrow . He said the Prime Minister was ‘the . person that can really intervene to try to get some sense into the . Department for Transport’. As Mr Cameron was on holiday, he . called for a month’s delay and even pledged to run the service for free . if ministers launched a review. Attack: Labour's Maria Eagle is leading Labour's charge to stop the contract being signed until MPs return from their holidays next week . Labour also called for a pause so the deal can be debated when MPs return to Westminster next week after their summer recess. But last night, the DfT insisted the 13-year franchise was decided by a ‘fair and established process’. Sources said Transport Secretary . Justine Greening could sign as early as midnight tonight. An insider . said it would be ‘unprecedented’ to halt a commercial contract to allow a . political debate. This would force Virgin to take legal action or admit defeat after running the franchise for 15 years, . A furious Sir Richard claims First Group’s £6.5billion bid will lead to ‘almost certain bankruptcy’. First Group chief executive Tim . O’Toole dismissed this, saying the sum was realistic and the contract . had been won ‘fair and square’. Shadow transport secretary Maria Eagle . told her opposite number in a letter that the deal was driven by the . ‘bottom line’ of how much would be paid. She warned there was a history . of franchise contracts collapsing because of over-ambitious promises. More than 140,000 people – including . Olympic champion Mo Farah, Lord Sugar and Jamie Oliver – have backed an . Internet petition calling for the decision to be reversed. Angry: Sir Richard has been furious at the Government's decision not to renew his contract and has made several sensational pledges .
highlights: FirstGroup will sign the £10billion contract tomorrow but Labour want it stopped until Parliament returns from its summer break . Meanwhile Sir Richard Branson offers to run London to Scotland route without profit into 2013 to allow MPs time to scrutinise decision .
id: 19a3c9ed1d04a8c2641a2de135e08473dd8d3a81
chatgpt: FirstGroup, a transport company, is set to sign a contract worth £10 billion tomorrow to operate the West Coast Main Line rail franchise. However, the Labour Party has called for the signing to be stopped until Parliament returns from its summer break. The West Coast Main Line is a crucial route for commuters and travelers, connecting London to major cities in the north of England and Scotland. The franchise will run for 13 years and include services such as Virgin Trains, which has operated the line for the past 22 years. Labour's call for the contract signing to be halted comes as the party wants the decision to be scrutinized by MPs. In a statement, Andy McDonald, Labour's shadow transport secretary, said: "Despite grave concerns about the process followed by the Department for Transport, the Government is set to award the West Coast Main Line franchise to FirstGroup." The party has raised concerns about the bidding process, claiming that there were inconsistencies and errors in the decision-making process. McDonald added: "We are demanding, as a minimum, that the decision be paused until Parliament returns in September and a full investigation is carried out." Meanwhile, Sir Richard Branson, the founder of Virgin Group, which operates Virgin Trains, has offered to run the London to Scotland route without profit until 2013. The offer is aimed at giving MPs time to scrutinize the decision, which Branson has also criticized. In a blog post, Branson wrote: "I have long argued that rail franchising is a flawed process that too often rewards failure over success." He added that he was "disappointed" in the decision to award the franchise to FirstGroup and urged the government to "revisit the decision as a matter of urgency." Branson's offer has been met with mixed reactions. Some have praised his willingness to put the interests of passengers first, while others have criticized him for using the issue to score political points. The Department for Transport, which oversees the bidding process for rail franchises, has defended its decision to award the contract to FirstGroup. A spokesperson said: "Our franchising process is rigorous, impartial and designed to ensure that we get the best deal for taxpayers and passengers." The controversy over the West Coast Main Line franchise has sparked renewed debate about the franchising process for UK railways. With the contract set to run for 13 years, the stakes are high for both the government and the winning bidder. Tomorrow's signing will mark a critical moment in the ongoing saga of the UK's railways.