article: Officials are refusing to disclose David Cameron's bill for wining and dining celebrities, politicians and other prominent figures at his grace-and-favour country home. The Cabinet Office insists 'centralised' records mean it would be too expensive to provide details of the Prime Minister's spending at Chequers, and that of Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg at Chevening. The refusal came after a freedom of information request asking for official hospitality costs over the past five years. Officials are refusing to disclose David Cameron's bill for wining and dining celebrities, politicians and other prominent figures at his grace-and-favour country home . The Cabinet Office insists 'centralised' records mean it would be too expensive to provide details of the Prime Minister's spending at Chequers . A list of guests hosted by Mr Cameron and Mr Clegg at public expense is published quarterly. The latest disclosure for January to March this year shows Mr Cameron dined with the Queen and supermodel Claudia Schiffer, among others. However, no costs have been released. Under the Labour government a global figure was issued for official entertainment at Downing Street and Chequers. The Cabinet Office said it did not keep material 'in a way that readily facilities extraction'. 'The information is not categorised by event as such,' the department added. The Information Commissioner accepted that the way the records were kept meant it would take officials a long time to extract the details, breaching the £600 cost limit. The latest disclosure for January to March this year shows Mr Cameron dined with the Queen and supermodel Claudia Schiffer, among others . The TaxPayers' Alliance said the situation was 'absurd', adding: 'In a world of online banking that allows people to find out what they spent on a jumper three years ago, it's ludicrous the Government's record-keeping could lag so far behind.' Some of the relevant documents could be in paper archives that would have to be couriered in to be studied by officials. The offices of the PM and DPM would also apparently have to be consulted about every invoice. The Cabinet Office said as a result of the 'centralised system' for entertainment costs it would only be able to consider providing information covering 'weeks' rather than months or years. The Information Commissioner has rebuked the department for mishandling the request. It initially stated that it would publish the information, before saying a response had been sent in error. However, the commissioner accepted that the way the records were kept meant it would take officials a long time to extract the details, busting the £600 cost limit under Section 12 of the Act.
highlights: Cabinet Office insists it would be too expensive to provide the details . Comes after a freedom of information request for official hospitality costs . Mr Cameron dined with Queen and model Claudia Schiffer, among others .
id: 21098747484c4661f76480e8939bd8d36e41bfbc
chatgpt: The Cabinet Office has insisted that it would be too expensive to provide details of official hospitality costs, following a freedom of information request. The request, which sought information on the expenses incurred by former Prime Minister David Cameron during the course of his tenure, has been rejected by the government department. Mr. Cameron's official hospitality expenses have come under scrutiny in recent years, following revelations that he dined with an array of celebrities and high-profile individuals during his time in office. Among them was model Claudia Schiffer, with whom he shared a meal at a private dinner. Despite the public interest in understanding how much was spent on such events, the Cabinet Office has remained adamant that the costs are simply too high to provide in a detailed manner. In a statement, a spokesperson for the department acknowledged the request but reaffirmed the government's stance. "The Cabinet Office received a freedom of information request regarding the official hospitality costs incurred by former Prime Minister David Cameron. However, due to the sheer volume of records that would need to be assessed in order to provide an accurate answer, we have had to refuse the request as it would entail a disproportionate amount of work," said the spokesperson. The response is unlikely to satisfy those who believe that the public has a right to know how its money is being spent by the government. Many have accused the Cabinet Office of hiding behind 'red tape', making it difficult for average citizens to gain access to information that should be freely available. "The fact that the government is refusing to release this information speaks volumes about their attitude towards transparency and accountability," commented one critic. Despite the controversy, however, there is little indication that the Cabinet Office intends to change its policies. Instead, it appears to be doubling down on its position that providing detailed records would simply be too costly and time-consuming. For many, this will be a disappointing outcome. With concerns about government spending on the rise, there is a growing sense that the public has a right to know what its elected officials are doing with taxpayer funds. Until the Cabinet Office is willing to provide more detailed records, however, it seems that the public will remain in the dark.