article: Hartlepool United were forced to make a U-turn in their attempts to sign convicted rapist Ched Evans after a backlash from supporters and the town’s MP. Fans of the Football League’s bottom club took to social media and online forums to express their displeasure at comments from new manager Ronnie Moore declaring an interest in signing the 25-year-old, who was released from prison in October after serving half of a five-year sentence for the rape of a 19-year-old woman in a hotel room in 2011. Hartlepool MP Iain Wright had been vociferous in his opposition to the move, but he has now welcomed the decision to back down. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Ched Evans' video statement regarding his appeal . Striker Ched Evans used to play for Sheffield United but is now searching for a new club . Hartlepool MP Iain Wright had been critical of moves to bring the striker in, and praised the U-turn . ‘I think it would have been a terrible move for the club and I think it would have split the fans,’ he said. ‘There would have been people who stayed away from the club and the sponsors wouldn’t have wanted to be associated with a convicted rapist and would have pulled out, and that could have compromised the survival of the club.’ Hartlepool’s statement, meanwhile, still mentioned the value of Evans as a player. It read: ‘Following media reports relating to the possible signing of Ched Evans the club wishes to make its position clear. ‘Hartlepool United do not intend signing Ched Evans and, for the avoidance of doubt, will not be doing so, irrespective of his obvious ability as a football player. Ronnie Moore believes Evans could help Hartlepool United if he were to sign for the club . ‘This story has emerged following an unsubstantiated internet rumour which the manager was asked to comment upon. The manager responded hypothetically to the situation by stating “if it could happen I would want it to happen”. 'This response was based upon the player’s obvious ability as a footballer and as such as then been headlined by the media without asking the club for their official position. ‘The club can fully understand the concerns of supporters and the general public and regrets any misconception portrayed. ‘After a highly positive week at Hartlepool United following the takeover by new owners and the appointment of a new manager, the owners are saddened by this unfortunate turn of events and wish to draw a line under it immediately.’ Evans was pictured at a petrol garage in Wimslow, Cheshire, earlier this month as he looks for a new club .
highlights: Former Sheffield United striker Ched Evans was convicted of rape in 2012 . United retracted offer for Evans to train with them after fierce opposition . Hartlepool manager Ronnie Moore said signing Evans was 'a possibility' Statement from Hartlepool on Sunday denies they will sign Evans . MP Iain Wright says 'it would have been a terrible move for the club'
id: 02506db376a3abbf56ca5073f8bb501a0553e743
chatgpt: Former Sheffield United striker Ched Evans, who was convicted of rape in 2012, has been the subject of controversy once again. Evans had hoped to resume his career in football after serving half of his 5-year prison sentence for rape. However, his career prospects have been bleak after his release. Recently, United had retracted their offer to Evans to train with them after fierce opposition from fans, sponsors and other stakeholders. This move had left Evans looking for a new club. Hartlepool manager Ronnie Moore had come forward to say that signing Evans was "a possibility". However, this comment had also received a backlash from a section of fans and other critics. On Sunday, Hartlepool issued a statement dispelling the rumors that they would sign Evans. This came as a shock for many after Moore had expressed his willingness to sign the former striker. This was a welcome move for many vocal critics of Evans' potential signing. MP Iain Wright, who had urged Hartlepool against signing Evans, believed it would have been a terrible move for the club. The MP took to Twitter to say, "Glad to hear that Hartlepool United won't be signing Ched Evans. National campaign to say there's no place in football for rapists worked!" The Twitter campaign referred to by MP Wright had put immense pressure on football clubs across the UK not to sign Evans. The campaign drew national attention and was backed by high-profile figures, such as Olympic gold medalist Jessica Ennis-Hill. Evans' rape conviction was a highly controversial case that had implications far beyond the world of football. The case had set a precedent on how football clubs deal with players convicted of serious crimes outside the field of play. It highlighted a larger cultural problem of how rape victims are treated in the criminal justice system and society in general. In conclusion, Hartlepool's decision not to sign Ched Evans has been welcomed by many who believe that convicted rapists have no place in football. The decision highlights a broader societal shift towards taking sexual violence more seriously and prioritizing the safety of victims over the careers of perpetrators. The case of Ched Evans puts a spotlight on the larger issues of rape culture and the ways in which they play out in the world of sports.