article: By . Graham Smith . PUBLISHED: . 07:43 EST, 15 June 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 07:43 EST, 15 June 2012 . He is still at school but is fast becoming the go-to-guy for predicting what Apple will release next. Mark Gurman, 18, is so interested in technology - and, specifically, Apple products - that he writes in his spare time for website 9to5Mac. In four weeks alone, the teenager correctly predicted seven out of eight announcements that the tech giant then made at the Worldwide Developers Conference in San Francisco on Monday. Inside track: Mark Gurnan correctly predicted seven out of eight announcements that Apple then made at the Worldwide Developers Conference in San Francisco on Monday . By any reporter's standards, that is some hit rate, especially when his eighth prediction has not been proven incorrect and could still come true. But when you consider that Mark is attending high school in Los Angeles, it is fast making him something of a celebrity as Apple fans seek out a reliable source for what lies in store. On May 11, Mark claimed that Apple would announce that its forthcoming iOS 6 operating system would ditch Google Maps and replace it with its own in-house 3D version. That same day, he said the iCloud would include web versions of Apple's Notes and Reminders apps. On May 14, he predicted the Culvertino-based firm would revamp its 15-inch MacBook Pro with an ultra-thin design, retina display and super-fast USB 3. Predictable: Scott Forstall, senior vice president of iOS Software at Apple, demonstrates turn-by-turn navigation in iOS6 using Siri during the Worldwide Developers Conference . Eight days before the Worldwide Developers Conference, on June 4, he predicted that Apple would introduce its voice-activated Siri control system on the iPad; that Facebook would be integrated into iOS 6; and that the firm would introduce an revamped line of MacBooks. And a day later, he claimed Apple would update its Mac Pro after two years without an update. All of the above were proved to be correct when Apple top executives took the stage at the Worldwide Developers Conference on Monday. The only prediction yet to be proven, was Mark's May 15 claim that Apple is working on MacBook Airs and iMacs with retina displays.However, this could still be correct. So, where does Mark get his information from? A combination of Apple insider information and poring over documents searching for 'giveaway' titbits.
highlights: In four weeks alone, the teenager correctly predicted seven announcements that the tech giant then made at the Worldwide Developers Conference on Monday .
id: 8a10d7d0e4715823385f48d4b13166b122e7489f
chatgpt: In a stunning display of precognition, a teenage tech enthusiast has correctly predicted seven major announcements made by a popular tech giant at their recent Worldwide Developers Conference.  The conference, which took place on Monday, saw the unveiling of several new features and products from the tech behemoth. And yet, four weeks ago, the teenager managed to accurately predict all seven of these announcements.  The teenager, whose identity remains anonymous, reportedly used a combination of insider knowledge and educated guessing to make his predictions. He shared his predictions on social media, where they quickly gained traction among tech enthusiasts and industry insiders alike.  "At first, people were skeptical," the teenager said in a recent interview. "But as more and more of my predictions started coming true, people started to take notice. It's been really exciting to see."  Some of the predictions that the teenager made included the announcement of new operating system updates, as well as updates to the tech giant's popular line of smart speakers. He also correctly predicted the unveiling of a new fitness app, which will allow users to track their workouts and monitor their health.  The teenager's uncanny ability to predict the future has made him something of a celebrity in the tech world. Many industry insiders have reached out to him for his insights and predictions, while others have speculated about the sources of his insider knowledge.  Despite the attention, the teenager remains humble about his predictions. "I don't think of myself as some kind of psychic or anything like that," he said. "I just pay attention to the industry trends and try to make educated guesses based on what I know."  For the tech giant in question, the teenager's predictions have caused a bit of a stir. Many have been impressed by his accuracy, while others have raised questions about the company's security and information leak prevention systems.  Regardless of the reactions, the teenager's predictions have certainly made waves in the tech world. As for what's next for the young prodigy, only time will tell. With his track record so far, however, it's safe to say that the industry will be keeping a close eye on him in the coming months and years.