article: A Texas man was convicted of his 10th DWI and will face life in prison for his dangerous actions. Bobby Gene Martin, 64, was found guilty by a jury of driving while intoxicated as well as threatening to kill the officer who arrested and him and go after his family. Jurors were shocked to find that the man already had nine prior convictions and was still driving, Kyle Crowl of the Montgomery County District Attorney's Office said. Bobby Gene Martin, 64, was sentenced to two consecutive life sentences after being arrested for his 10th DWI in August . They were only informed that he had been found guilty of drunk driving at least three other times, enough to make his most recent case a felony. Martin, whose first DWI was in 1981, will be 80 before he is eligible for parole during his two concurrent life sentences. 'I think that resonated with the jury that if no matter what he does, if he ever gets out of jail, he’s going to do it again' Mr Crowl told the Montgomery County Police Reporter. The driver, who was living in Houston during his most recent arrest in August, also threatened a police officer and his family in 1999 and once went on a racist rant towards a jailer. He has previously been sentenced to prison three times for drunk driving, in 1986, 1996 and 1999. The man also served time starting in 2012 for evading arrest with a vehicle. It is unclear whether he attended substance abuse treatment programs either inside or out of jail. Martin's DWI arrests stretch back to the 1980s, and he has gone to prison three times for drunk driving . Martin had seven previous DWI convictions when he was arrested in 2009 after being found a ditch with the motor still running according to the Houston Chronicle. His blood alcohol content level was .21, more than double the legal limit in Texas. He was arrested for a string of drunk driving incidents in the early 1980s: January 1981, February 1982, June 1982 and October 1982. More arrests followed in June 1987, September 1993, August 1996, January 1999 and March 2009. The incidents happened across the greater Houston area in Harris County, Waller County and Montgomery County.
highlights: Bobby Gene Martin, 64, given life sentences in Montgomery County, Texas . First arrested for DWI in 1981 and has served time for incidents twice . Driver also threatened to kill police officer and family in most recent case . He will be 80 before he is eligible to be released on parole .
id: ca177f25b7b939ce9ca11eb51bce33f0319a5748
chatgpt: Bobby Gene Martin, a 64-year-old man from Montgomery County, Texas, has received several life sentences for a series of criminal offenses. Martin has a lengthy criminal history that began when he was first arrested for driving while intoxicated (DWI) back in 1981. He has since served time for incidents twice. In his most recent case, Martin threatened to kill a police officer and his family. Although the exact details of the incident are not yet known, it is clear that the situation was serious enough to warrant the life sentences that Martin has now received. Martin's long criminal history has no doubt played a role in the severity of his sentence. With prior offenses for DWI and other criminal activity, it is clear that Martin has not been able to stay out of trouble. It is therefore not surprising that the judge in his case felt that a life sentence was appropriate. Life sentences are reserved for the most serious of offenses, and it is unlikely that Martin will be able to be released on parole until he is 80 years old. This means that he will spend the rest of his life behind bars. The decision to give Martin a life sentence is not one that was taken lightly. The judge will have considered a range of factors before making this decision, including Martin's prior criminal history, the severity of his most recent offense, and any mitigating factors that may have been present. Although the news of Martin's sentence is undoubtedly disturbing, it is important to remember that justice has been served. Martin will now be held accountable for his actions, and hopefully, this will act as a deterrent to others who may be considering committing similar crimes. In conclusion, Bobby Gene Martin has been given several life sentences for his criminal activities. With a long criminal history that includes prior convictions for DWI and other offenses, Martin's sentence is not surprising. Although the news is undoubtedly upsetting, it is important to remember that justice has been served and that the decision to give Martin a life sentence was not taken lightly.