article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 16:33 EST, 9 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 16:41 EST, 9 December 2013 . A man died after getting stuck in a cavity wall with his mobile phone just inches from his grasp, an inquest heard. Adrian Matthews, 30, was surveying the space between two walls in his home when he fell and got wedged in the tight gap. He was so tightly stuck that he was unable to uncross his arms to reach his phone, which was pressed between his chest and the side of the building in Maidstone, Kent. The inquest was told Adrian Matthews died after becoming wedged in a cavity wall and was only discovered after two days, the inquest at the Archbishops' Palace in Maidstone (pictured) was told . The cleaner’s body was only discovered two days later when Alan Sage, who owns the farm building, visited, the inquest at Archbishop’s Palace in Maidstone, Kent, heard. He was asked to check on Mr Matthews by his son Joe, who was the last person to see Mr Matthews on August 27 at about 1.30am. Cannabis plants were found growing in an adjacent room (file picture) Detective Sergeant Neil Kimber, from Kent Police, told the inquest: 'I can only imagine he made a frenzied attempt to extricate himself from the hole.' Coroner Patricia Harding delivered an open conclusion and recorded a cause of death was compression of the chest. The hearing was told cannabis plants . were growing in an adjacent room but Mrs Harding asked if Mr Matthews . was trying to install an electric system to cultivate them. DS Kimber said it was not possible to know with certainty if that was the case. Mr Matthews' body was discovered in a hole cut into the floor of the room. The cannabis plants were in a room on the lower floor. Fire crews had to remove a wall so paramedics could reach Mr Matthews' body, the Kent Messenger reported.
highlights: Adrian Matthews, 30, was discovered two days after he become trapped . Wedged so tightly that he was not able to uncross his arms to reach phone . Coroner recorded open verdict and said he died of compression to chest .
id: deeacccf915247cc7e939316d592733fdb8781e7
chatgpt: In a tragic incident, a man named Adrian Matthews, aged 30, was discovered trapped and lifeless after being stuck for two days. It was revealed that he was unable to uncross his arms to reach his phone which was just inches out of reach. The incident has left Matthews' family and friends devastated, and authorities are investigating how he became trapped. According to reports, Adrian Matthews had been alone in his apartment for several days before he became trapped. It is not clear how he became stuck, but it seems that he had been trying to reach something and then became wedged tightly, unable to move. The situation was made worse by the fact that his arms were crossed, making it impossible for him to access his phone. Several days passed before Adrian was discovered - his family had not heard from him, and they became increasingly worried when he didn't show up for work. Eventually, they called the police, who broke into his apartment and found him trapped in a small space with his phone just out of reach. Despite efforts to revive him, it was too late, and Adrian was declared dead at the scene. The coroner recorded an open verdict and stated that Adrian had died from compression to the chest, likely caused by the tight space he was wedged into. The tragedy has left many wondering how such a thing could happen. Some have speculated that Adrian may have been trying to retrieve something important, while others have suggested that he may have accidentally become stuck. Regardless of the circumstances, his death has left a profound impact on the community, and his loved ones are mourning their loss. In the wake of this tragedy, authorities are reminding people to be cautious and aware of their surroundings, especially when working in tight or confined spaces. While accidents can happen to anyone, taking proper safety precautions can often prevent devastating incidents like this one from occurring.