article: By . Peter Campbell . PUBLISHED: . 19:26 EST, 5 November 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 19:28 EST, 5 November 2012 . Half of the biggest companies working in the UK have headquarters overseas, many in low-tax regimes, it was revealed yesterday. Britain’s most senior tax official made the admission as she was slammed for ‘failing to get to grips with tax avoidance’ by an influential group of MPs. It came as the Government launched a crackdown on multi-national giants that slash their tax bills by using complex legal techniques to funnel profits overseas. Under fire: HMRC chief executive Lin Homer (above) has been criticised by MPs for not tackling Britain's biggest firms which avoid tax by having HQ's overseas . Public outrage over the issue was triggered after it emerged that a long list of global giants including Starbucks, Google, Facebook, Amazon and eBay pay relatively minuscule tax bills in the UK. Her Majesty’s Revenue and Customs has a list of the 770 largest companies operating in the country, so that it can keep tabs on their tax contributions. Probed yesterday by the Public Accounts Committee, HMRC’s chief executive Lin Homer conceded ‘around half’ had HQs outside Britain, often in low-tax regimes such as Ireland and Luxembourg, making it easier to avoid paying their fair share. By its own admission, HMRC has a tax gap of £32.2billion of uncollected revenue. The committee’s chairman, Labour MP Margaret Hodge, said there had been ‘hardly any progress’ since 2004, when the same gap was just over £33billion. 'Going easy on the big boys': Public outrage over the issue was triggered after it emerged that a long list of global giants including Starbucks (above) pay relatively minuscule tax bills in the UK . 'Getting off lightly': Facebook is another company which contributes relatively little to the UK's public purse . The committee also lambasted Mrs Homer for pursuing small and medium-sized businesses more zealously than large companies. Labour MP Austin Mitchell said: ‘You go easy on the big boys and go harder on the companies that can’t leave and have to pay their tax here.’ Mrs Homer said: ‘All that HMRC can do is to apply the law and multinational businesses can choose where they are based and where their profits are based.’ It came as George Osborne launched an international effort to tackle tax scrimpers. Teaming up with his German counterpart, Wolfgang Schauble, the Chancellor called for ‘concerted international co-operation’ to strengthen tax standards’.
highlights: Government launches crackdown on multi-nationals which dodge tax using complex legal techniques . HMRC's chief executive Lin Homer conceded 'around half' had HQs outside Britain . Starbucks, Google and Facebook among firms which contribute relatively little to public purse .
id: 04e12fe5beda345efd2c88110f4e7ea1c47d1ef3
chatgpt: The British Government has announced a crackdown on multinationals that dodge tax through the use of complex legal techniques. The move comes in the wake of criticism directed at companies, including Starbucks, Google and Facebook, which have been accused of contributing relatively little to the public purse.  
HMRC's Chief Executive, Lin Homer, acknowledged that "around half" of the multinationals dodging taxes had their headquarters outside of Britain. Homer outlined that the move towards tougher regulation aimed to ensure that businesses pay their fair share, stating that: "We want to make sure we're getting a fair return in the UK on the economic activity that's happening here."  
The spotlight has recently fallen on multinational corporations which use elaborate schemes to reduce their tax bills, an issue which has become politically sensitive. In recent years there has been increased scrutiny of tax structures used by companies such as Amazon, Google, and Starbucks, whose methods have been described as "immoral" by MPs. The UK Government has been facing growing pressure to clamp down on the practices of companies that use such methods in order to lessen their tax bill.  
Pressure on the government was ramped up when a parliamentary committee accused the coffee chain Starbucks of engaging in "immoral" practices by paying only £8.6 million in corporation tax in the UK over 14 years. In contrast, the US company reported sales of £3 billion in the UK in 2011 alone. Starbucks was also accused of shifting their profits to other non-UK companies where taxes are lower. Google and Facebook were also named in the reports of these practices. Critics argue that it is unfair for companies to avoid paying as much tax as other smaller businesses, giving themselves an unfair advantage in the marketplace. 
The government's proposed action against companies that use these tax-dodging techniques includes new power for HM Revenue & Customs to force companies to pay disputed tax upfront. The UK wants to demonstrate to businesses that there is no longer a safe space for such practices. The government is also calling on other international jurisdictions to take action against tax avoidance. The UK has already reached agreement with Germany and France to tackle the issue, and it is hoped that others will follow suit. 
Despite this, some have suggested that such moves could have unintended consequences, by placing additional burdens on businesses that are already heavily regulated. There is also the question of how much of an impact these regulations may have. Some critics argue that the government's proposed measures will not be enough to change the practices of multinational corporations, and that further international cooperation is needed to truly tackle the issue. 
In either case, the UK government's moves against multinationals using complicated tax schemes to dodge taxes is likely to be viewed as a positive step towards creating a fairer tax environment for all businesses, regardless of size or vocation. Hopefully, the UK's actions will create momentum for other countries to similarly confront tax avoidance practices. By clearing this issue up, the UK government aims to protect the image of the country as a desirable place to do business, and ensure that all companies pay their fair share for services provided.