article: By . Kit Holden . Bayern Munich forward Thomas Muller has sent a crushing blow in the direction of Old Trafford by denying rumours of a potential move to Manchester United. The German international has been heavily linked with United in recent days, as rumours of his discontent under coach Pep Guardiola have grown. But speaking to the Austrian paper Krone, Muller played down the idea that he might leave Bayern this summer. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Five of the best goals scored by United target Thomas Muller . Denial: Thomas Muller has denied he is leaving Bayern Munich to sign for Manchester United this summer . 'I didn't make these rumours up myself, so I don't particularly want to comment on them too much, but I'm definitely not about to jump ship at Bayern,' said the 24-year-old, 'That said, I can't make any guarantees (that I'll stay at the club) for all time.' Muller's apparent frustration has stemmed from a lack of playing time in Guardiola's rotation system, with appearances being particularly sparse in the Champions League. At various points in the season, he has appeared openly annoyed in post-match interviews about having to sit on the bench. Many have speculated that, with Louis van Gaal set to take over at Manchester United, Muller might make the switch to the Premier League. The Dutchman was the man who established Muller as a first-team player at Bayern. Frustrated: Muller has not played as much as he'd liked because of Pep Guardiola's rotation system . Blow: Incoming Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal will be disappointed to learn Muller is staying put . But as rumours have grown, many prominent figures around the Munich club, most recently Franz Beckenbauer and Steffen Effenberg, have come out to discourage Muller from leaving. The native Bavarian has been described a 'rock' at Bayern, and 'unimaginable elsewhere'. The speculation around Bayern's unsettled squad will not end with Müller's comments today, however, as other players have commented about their frustration in recent days. Jerome Boateng told reporters at a sponsorship event that 'the atmosphere among the squad isn't very good anymore', while Javi Martinez openly said that he had imagined a different career path at Bayern to the one he has taken this season. Relief: Guardiola will be pleased to hear that Muller is staying at Bayern Munich for the foreseeable future .
highlights: Bayern Munich's says he will not leave Bayern Munich this summer . The Bavarian has been heavily linked with a move to Manchester United . Muller broke into the Bayern team under former boss Louis van Gaal, who is set to take over at Old Trafford . The 25-year-old has grown frustrated at Pep Guardiola's rotation system . Bayern executives Franz Beckenbauer and Steffan Effenberg have urged Muller to stay at the club .
id: 3df691a69d0b6337730f62839e2137f5f053e7ae
chatgpt: Bayern Munich's star player, Thomas Muller, has announced that he will not be quitting the club this summer, despite heavy speculation linking him with a move to Manchester United. Muller, who broke into the Bayern team under former boss Louis van Gaal, is believed to be on the radar of the Premier League giants, with Van Gaal himself set to take over at Old Trafford. Speaking to reporters, the 25-year-old expressed his frustration with Bayern coach Pep Guardiola's rotation system, but insisted that he still loves the club and wants to stay. "I won't be leaving Bayern this summer," he said. "I'm happy here and I want to be part of the team for many years to come." Muller's decision to stay at Bayern has been welcomed by club executives Franz Beckenbauer and Steffan Effenberg. The two former players and legends of the game have both urged Muller to remain loyal to the Bavarian side, citing the club's impressive history and the passionate support of its fans. Despite those urging him to stay, many observers believe that Muller's future is still unclear. Manchester United are thought to be preparing a big-money offer for the young forward, as Van Gaal looks to rebuild his squad ahead of the new season. This uncertainty is unlikely to go away soon, given that Muller is widely regarded as one of the most promising young talents in European football. His combination of skill, pace and raw talent make him a formidable presence on the field, and his ability to play in a range of different positions makes him an extremely versatile asset for any team. For now, though, Muller's focus is on helping Bayern defend their Bundesliga title and continue their push for glory in Europe. He may still find himself courted by Manchester United, but for the time being at least, he is determined to stay put and continue building his career with the Bavarian giants. In the end, only time will tell whether Muller decides to stay put or move on. Whatever his ultimate decision may be, though, there is no doubt that he will continue to be one of the most highly sought after players in world football.