article: (CNN) -- A U.S. federal grand jury in Texas has indicted the suspected top leaders of Mexico's Sinaloa cartel. Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman Loera and Ismael "El Mayo" Zambada Garcia face murder and conspiracy charges connected with drug trafficking, money laundering and organized crime. The indictment, returned April 11 and unsealed Tuesday, also charges 22 other people who prosecutors allege are connected with the cartel. It is one of several U.S. federal indictments charging Guzman, who is widely known as Mexico's most wanted fugitive and has made Forbes magazine's list of the world's most powerful people. "It's a reminder we're right behind him, that he can't live out in the open. We need to get them apprehended," Assistant U.S. Attorney Tony Franco said Tuesday. This month's indictment in western Texas detailed two acts of violence prosecutors said were committed by members of the cartel, including the 2010 kidnapping of an American citizen and two members of his family during a wedding ceremony in Ciudad Juarez, Mexico, because of their ties with the rival Juarez cartel. The target was the groom and a resident of Columbus, New Mexico, the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Western District of Texas said in a statement. Police found the bodies of the groom, his brother and his uncle three days after the wedding in the bed of a pickup truck, according to the indictment. The indictment also describes the 2009 kidnapping, killing and mutilation of a Texas resident "to answer for the loss of a 670-pound load of marijuana seized by the Border Patrol," prosecutors said. Investigators found the Texas resident's body in Ciudad Juarez, according to the indictment. "He had been beaten and strangled and his hands had been severed above the wrists and placed on his chest, to serve as a warning to those who might attempt to steal from the cartel," the indictment says. Guzman and Zambada have been indicted on drug trafficking and organized crime charges in a number of U.S. federal courts. U.S. officials have offered a $5 million reward for information leading to their capture. Guzman was arrested in 1993 on homicide and drug charges but escaped in 2001, reportedly by bribing prison guards to smuggle him out in a laundry truck. A Mexican federal investigation led to the arrest of more than 70 prison officials. Forbes magazine has placed him on its list of the world's most powerful people, reporting his net worth of $1 billion as of March. Rumors regularly surge about his whereabouts. Franco declined to comment on whether there was new information regarding Guzman's location. He described Guzman as "a man who has unlimited means, more money than most people in Mexico." "It affords him the ability to hide," Franco added. The Sinaloa Cartel, named after the Mexican state where the gang was formed, is one of the most powerful drug-trafficking groups in the nation. CNN's Ed Lavandera and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report.
highlights: "It's a reminder that we're right behind ('El Chapo' Guzman)," a prosecutor says . The Sinaloa cartel's suspected top two leaders face murder and conspiracy charges . A grand jury also indicts 22 others accused of working for the cartel . Indictment details two violent crimes, including the kidnapping of American during his wedding .
id: 8e6e8485fc98c4f6252c4f79634b8b1d3a6447c0
chatgpt: In a major development, 24 members belonging to the notorious Sinaloa cartel, including its two high-ranking leaders, have been indicted by a grand jury on charges of murder and conspiracy. The indictment also includes charges against 22 others accused of working for the cartel in various capacities. "These indictments are a reminder that we're right behind 'El Chapo' Guzman and, no matter how long it takes, we will bring to justice those who perpetrate violent crimes and profit from the sale of illegal drugs," said Brian T. Moran, United States Attorney for the Western District of Washington. The Sinaloa cartel is known to be one of the most powerful drug trafficking organizations in the world. Led by Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman until his extradition to the United States in 2017, the cartel has been responsible for countless murders and has flooded the streets of America with thousands of pounds of cocaine, heroin, and methamphetamine. The indictment, which was unsealed on Wednesday, details two violent crimes allegedly committed by members of the cartel. The first is the kidnapping of an American man during his wedding in August 2018. According to court documents, the victim was forcibly taken from his home in Mexico and held for ransom by Sinaloa cartel members. The victim's family paid a large sum of money to secure his release. The second alleged crime involved two murders that occurred in January 2019. The indictment alleges that the cartel leaders ordered the murders of two individuals, who they believed were working for a rival drug trafficking organization. The indictment is the result of a years-long investigation into the Sinaloa cartel's activities. According to U.S. authorities, the cartel has been operating in Washington state for more than a decade and has been responsible for importing massive amounts of drugs into the United States. "Today's indictment represents a major step in our ongoing efforts to disrupt and dismantle the Sinaloa cartel's operations in the United States," said Special Agent in Charge Bob Hammer, of the Drug Enforcement Administration's Seattle Division. The 24 individuals named in the indictment face a variety of charges, including conspiracy to distribute drugs, murder in aid of racketeering, and kidnapping. If convicted, they could face decades in prison or even life sentences. The arrests and indictments come as the United States and Mexico continue to grapple with the ongoing problem of drug trafficking and violence along their shared border. President Joe Biden has stated that he plans to give the issue a high priority, and has tasked his administration with developing policies that will help to combat the flow of drugs into the United States. The indictment is also a stark reminder of the human toll of the drug trade. The kidnapping and murder of innocent individuals are just two examples of the violence that is all too common in this illicit industry. It is the hope of law enforcement officials that the arrests will send a message to other criminal organizations that the United States will not tolerate such activities and will bring to justice those who perpetrate violence and profit from the sale of illegal drugs.