article: By . Suzannah Hills . They're some of the most popular children's characters of all-time, but you wouldn't want to run into these Disney Princesses in a dark alley. This shadowy street art in Stockholm, Sweden, has turned Snow White into Snow Fright, Sleeping Beauty into Creeping Beauty and Cinderella into Cinder-hell-a. An anonymous Swedish artist, who goes by the name of Herr. Nilsson, has managed to turn some of Disney's best-loved characters into pure evil. Scroll down for video . Deadly Disney: Cinderella has become Cinder-hell-a in this piece of street art by Herr. Nilsson which shows the popular children's character clutching a large knife behind her back . Snow Fright:  An anonymous Swedish artist who goes by the name Herr. Nilsson has turned some of Disney's best-loved characters such as Snow White, pictured, into evil killers in his street art around Stockholm, Sweden . 'There is a lot of creativity in the toy and entertainment industry for children,' said Herr. Nilsson. 'But I've found that most of the cartoon characters, females in particular, are very stereotypical and predictable. 'Everybody expects that a fairy princess will always look good and behave well. 'If I was one of them I would revolt after a couple of days and in my world - they do so.' Each piece of work only takes Herr. Nilsson a few hours each week to complete so he spends most of his time thinking about new ideas for different characters. Herr. Nilsson added: 'Because of my children I'm surrounded by toys, games and movies all the time at the moment. Creeping Beauty: She's known for being a pacifist, but in this image painted on a Stockholm street Sleeping Beauty looks anything but, lurking around a corner holding a large gun . Chill out: Mickey Mouse makes a peace symbol to Osama Bin Laden in the sketch by Herr. Nilsson . 'The characters in these are always so innocent, fair and harmless, and so I set about to create this project of the Dark Disney characters to look at how we see good and bad in the world. 'One of the reasons that I decided to get this across via street art is that I am able to stage a scene in the real world where the piece can interact with the people and the environment. 'I have found this is impossible to do in a traditional art gallery or museum, as the audience know what to expect before they even reach the artwork. 'When you put up a piece of art in the streets, you talk directly to the audience without that prepared shield. 'Most people laugh at the art, some get abuse sprawled on them, and some like to write about them. 'I like this as to me, I think it's good to get a mix of reactions.' Disney characters gone bad: Aladdin's pet monkey Abu gets ready to throw a flaming petrol bomb .
highlights: Anonymous Swedish artist, known only as Herr. Nilsson, has painted darker versions of Disney's most popular characters around streets in Stockholm . Snow White has become Snow Fright while Cinderella is now Cinder-hell-a .
id: c297ff6af8a45c4ac5554f8b290a97bb1239516d
chatgpt: An anonymous Swedish artist, known only as Herr. Nilsson, has taken to the streets of Stockholm to display their darker versions of Disney's most popular characters. The artist has painted Snow White as Snow Fright and Cinderella as Cinder-hell-a. The pieces of street art have caught the attention of both locals and tourists, sparking discussions about the power of art to convey messages. The dark and eerie depictions of Disney's classic characters have garnered attention from art enthusiasts and critics alike. The concept of taking well-known characters and transforming them into darker versions is nothing new, however, the way in which Herr. Nilsson has executed the idea is impressive. The artist uses muted colors and harsh brushstrokes to create an atmosphere of unease, inviting the viewer to question what lies beneath the surface. The choice of Disney's characters as Herr. Nilsson's subjects is particularly interesting. Disney has always been known for its family-friendly content, and these pieces of street art, placed in the heart of the city, offer a sharp contrast to the cheerful image that Disney portrays. The irony is not lost on any of Herr. Nilsson's spectators, making the pieces all the more thought-provoking. The artist's decision to remain anonymous only adds to the intrigue surrounding the pieces. Many have speculated about the artist's motives and reasons for creating such twisted depictions of beloved characters. Some have suggested that the pieces are a commentary on the dark side of Disney, while others believe that Herr. Nilsson is trying to encourage people to question the narratives that they have been told. Regardless of the artist's motives, it is clear that Herr. Nilsson's pieces are making an impact. Social media has been flooded with images of the street art, and even the local news has picked up the story. Some have even started to organize walking tours of the city to showcase the pieces. One can't help but wonder what Disney thinks of these twisted depictions of their beloved characters. The company has always been protective of its image and brand, and it is unlikely that they will comment on the street art. However, it is worth noting that this isn't the first time that artists have taken inspiration from Disney. In the past, there have been artists who have created politically charged parodies of Disney characters, and Disney has never commented on those either. In the end, Herr. Nilsson's pieces are a testament to the power of art to convey messages. The pieces are a stark reminder that there is often more to a story than what meets the eye. The artist has challenged the viewer to question what they have been told and to look beneath the surface. Whether one agrees with the artist's message or not, there is no denying that the pieces have captured the imagination of a city, and that is a testament to the power of art.