article: By . Chris Waugh . Follow @@ChrisDHWaugh . It may not have been a tie that had supporters licking their lips with anticipation, but for the 300 Hearts fans who did turn up to their pre-season friendly with Dinamo Bucharest in Leigh certainly got their fair share of entertainment. A change of kick-off time and venue would usually be more than enough drama for one afternoon, but when opposition supporters proceed to throw beer cans and fire crackers on the pitch at half-time then you know it is an unusual game of football. Dinamo supporters withdrew banners and then were promptly kicked out of the Leigh Sports Village venue when they threw beer cans and fire crackers on to the pitch at half-time. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Dinamo Bucharest fans throw firecrackers on to pitch . Angry: Frustrated Dinamo Bucharest fans prepare to throw firecrackers on pitch during friendly with Hearts . Boom: The firecrackers exploded on the pitch during half-time of the pre-season friendly . Escalation: Beer bottles were also thrown on by rogue Dinamo fans as the firecrackers continued to explode . Messages: The Dinamo fans had already unfurled banners at the match showing support for their team . Farce: The missiles were just one of an extended series of incidents at the game . Incidents: The venue and kick-off time were changed and Dinamo's captain was sent off for charging at the referee, before the Romanians sent on another player to replace him until the officials noticed . The Romanian fans remained, peering through a perimeter fence to catch the second half of a fixture they had paid a hefty £10 to watch, and even tried to get back into the venue. But the reason for Dinamo's frustrations was down to their captain Laurentiu Rus, who was dismissed for hurtling towards the referee from 15 yards and pushing him to the ground. He refused to leave the field, however, and Dinamo proceeded to bring on another player to even up the numbers without the referee noticing. Number 35 played for several minutes before the officials noticed and asked him to leave the field of play. Amazingly, before kick-off the tie was switched from Leigh Harriers' athletics ground after shot put damage forced the pitch to be deemed unplayable. The venue switch also caused a 30-minute delay to the start of the match, something which further frustrated Dinamo fans. Hearts eventually won the match 2-1. Victory: Hearts did manage to win the pre-season friendly 2-1 despite all the distractions .
highlights: Dinamo fans threw firecrackers and beer bottles on to pitch at half-time . They were ejected but tried to scale perimeter fences to get back in . Romanians' captain sent off for running at referee during match . Dinamo brought on another man to replace him until referee noticed . Match moved from Leigh Harriers' athletics ground due to damage caused by shot put competition . Kick-off was delayed by 30 minutes as a result of venue switch .
id: 40ac5fc9ecb5923b04d14e5260d6fb9a01426201
chatgpt: Dinamo fans caused chaos during a football match on Thursday night after they threw firecrackers and beer bottles on to the pitch during the half-time interval. The Romanian club was playing against a local team in Leigh, Greater Manchester, when the incident occurred. The fans were ejected from the stadium, but some attempted to scale the perimeter fences to try to get back in. The match also saw the captain of the Romanian team sent off for running at the referee during the game. The referee had to pause the game until the captain was removed from the field. Despite this setback, Dinamo brought on another man to replace the captain until the referee eventually noticed and pulled him off the field. Adding to the chaos, the match had to be moved from Leigh Harriers' athletics ground at short notice due to damage caused by a shot put competition. The damage made the venue unsuitable for the football match, forcing the game to be relocated to a nearby stadium. This caused a 30-minute delay to kick-off, with football fans left waiting outside in the cold until the new venue was ready. Fortunately, the switch went smoothly and the game eventually kicked off to a largely peaceful crowd. The incident involving the Dinamo fans throwing firecrackers and beer bottles is a worrying development in football, as such behavior can endanger the safety of players and fans in the stadium. It's not clear at this stage what led the fans to cause such trouble, but they will likely face severe punishments if they are identified and caught by the authorities. Meanwhile, the Romanian captain's behavior is also highly unusual, as it's not often that a player would charge at the referee in the middle of a game. It remains to be seen what sort of punishment he will receive for his actions. Overall, it was a highly eventful football match in Leigh that saw a series of strange incidents, from fans causing chaos to the captain charging at the referee. Despite this, the players on both sides managed to put on a good show for the fans who were finally allowed in to enjoy the game.