article: (CNN) -- Injured Formula One star Felipe Massa is looking forward to taking his first steps towards driving again after passing a series of mental and physical tests in Miami. Felipe Massa has been given the all-clear to begin training as he bids to return to the race track. His team Ferrari reported on its Web site on Tuesday that the Brazilian, who suffered horrific head wounds in Hungary in July, had come through the tests satisfactorily on Monday. "The checks (which included neurometric, impact and cognitive capacity tests) all had a positive outcome, just like the eye exam: everything is in order for Felipe to get back to racing," the statement said. "Now there has just to be carried out some plastic surgery at the brain box, where the spring at the accident at the Hungaroring hit his helmet. "The surgery will take place in the upcoming days. After a short convalescence Felipe can then gradually start with physical preparations." The 28-year-old, who finished second in last year's drivers' world championship, said that he planned to take things slowly following the operation. "I'm very happy about the results," he told www.Ferrari.com before returning home to Sao Paulo. "After the small surgery, in the next few days I can finally start to go to the gym to get back into shape and drive some tests in karts. "On the track with a Formula One single-seater? Let's take it step by step. At the moment I'm concentrating on taking up physical activities, which is a great step forward." Ferrari said Massa was expected to be at 100 percent fitness in time for the 2010 season, but gave no indication whether he would return to racing this year -- he has, however, indicated that he would like to drive at his home Brazilian Grand Prix on October 18. His replacement, test driver Luca Badoer, is not expected to drive at the Italian Grand Prix two weekends away after finishing last in his two races so far. Badoer, who stepped into the breach when F1 legend Michael Schumacher was unable to make a shock return to the sport due to a neck problem, was not allowed to test drive the current Ferrari vehicle during the four-week summer break due to this year's regulations. Veteran Italian Giancarlo Fisichella has been linked with Ferrari after finishing second at the Belgian Grand Prix on Sunday, but his team Force India insist that he will race for them at Monza. Highly-rated Polish driver Robert Kubica is also in the running to replace Badoer, with his team BMW Sauber dropping out of F1 at the end of this season. Badoer's results aside, Ferrari have enjoyed a renaissance since Massa's injury, with 2007 world champion Kimi Raikkonen winning in Belgium to end a personal drought of 26 races and placing third in Valencia.
highlights: Injured F1 star Felipe Massa passes series of mental and physical tests . The Brazilian driver can begin training following minor surgery this week . Massa suffered horrific head injuries after a freak accident in Hungary in July . Ferrari expected to drop his struggling replacement Luca Badoer .
id: 8a983983ca1e4846c5459a1daca72b45f18dce4f
chatgpt: In a remarkable comeback journey, injured F1 star Felipe Massa has passed a series of mental and physical tests to begin training again following minor surgery early this week. This news has come as a relief to Massa's fans, who have been eagerly waiting for the Brazilian driver to return after he suffered horrific head injuries during a freak accident in Hungary back in July. Massa's road to recovery has been a difficult one, filled with challenges that could have shaken his resolve. However, the driver has been determined to return to the sport he loves, and his recent progress has sparked hope that he will be back on the track soon. The minor surgery he underwent this week is just one of many steps he has taken on the road to recovery. Massa underwent a series of mental and physical tests to determine his fitness to return to training. These tests were conducted by a team of medical experts who have been working with the driver since his accident. The results of the tests have been positive, with Massa showing progress in his physical and mental strength. The Brazilian driver's return to training is undoubtedly a breath of fresh air for Ferrari, who have been struggling in the driver's absence. Ferrari had to enlist the services of Luca Badoer, who has not performed as expected, to fill in for Massa. Following this, the team has announced that it is considering dropping Badoer, who has been struggling with the car's setup this season. Massa's return to fitness could not have come at a better time for Ferrari, who are looking to regain their lost form. The team has won just one race this season, and Massa's return to the sport will provide them with a much-needed boost. Massa has been one of Ferrari's top performers, and his experience and expertise will undoubtedly come in handy in the upcoming races. Despite the positive news, Massa's return to racing is still uncertain. The driver's final test will be in the form of a test session where he will get a chance to drive a Formula One car again. This test session will be the ultimate test of Massa's mental and physical strength, and it will determine whether or not the driver is fit to return to racing. The news of Massa's progress has been widely cheered by his fans, who have been praying for his speedy recovery. The driver has been overwhelmed by the outpouring of love and support he has received from around the world, and he has promised to come back stronger than ever. Massa's return to racing will be a true sign of his strength and determination, and it will be hailed as one of the greatest comebacks in the history of Formula One racing. In conclusion, Felipe Massa has passed a series of mental and physical tests to begin training again following minor surgery early this week. The driver's return to training is a significant milestone in his road to recovery, and it has been welcomed by his fans and Ferrari. While his return to racing is still uncertain, Massa's progress has given hope to all those who have been rooting for him.