article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 00:07 EST, 25 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 08:28 EST, 25 December 2013 . A young Texas woman is pleading with a drug company to make life-saving drugs available earlier to try to save her mother's life. Chen Zhang has started a Change petition to call on pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly to release its new treatment Ramucirumab as soon as possible. After three years of treatment for gastric cancer, Miss Zhang says the drug company's latest medication is the last hope for her mother, Yu 'Denise' Deng. Family: Chen Zhang with her mother, Yu Denise Deng, who has gastric cancer . Mrs Deng, 52, has been through more then ten surgeries and several rounds of chemotherapy and radiation treatment as she battles gastric cancer. Battle: Yu Denise Deng has been fighting gastric cancer for three years . A new immunotherapy drug manufactured by Eli Lilly, and found to increase the likelihood of survival for patients with advanced gastric cancer is the only option left to the family. But despite Ramucirumab being in the final stages of FDA approval, and having passed clinical trials, the drug is not likely to be available until spring 2014. 'I'm afraid my mom may not have that much time,' Miss Zhang said. The Austin woman added that the past three years had been 'unimaginably difficult' but said: 'Throughout it all [my mother] has managed to maintain her spirit and beautiful warm smile.' She has petitioned the company to offer it under an early use program, that would allow it to be released early to those in need. However, she claimed on her Change page that a company representative told her that because it is due to approved in four to six months it has 'chosen not to provide the drug through a compassionate-use program at this time'. 'My mom isn't the only patient whose life . depends on quick access to this drug. I know many more patients in . Texas. Imagine how many more there are in the U.S. or the world,' Miss Zhang said. Refusing take no for an answer, Miss Zhang has encouraged more than 24,800 people to back her petition so far, as she campaigns to get the drug released early. Campaign: Chen has started an online petition to try to make Eli Lilly release life-saving drugs early . Memories: Chen with her mom Yu, who has remained positive throughout her treatment . 'We are imploring Eli Lilly to adhere to . their company purpose of SAVING LIVES and give my mom and hundreds of . other desperate patients access to Ramucirumab now,' she said on Change. The petition has received an overwhelming response, with medical professionals and former Eli Lilly employees joining the call for the company to hand over the drugs.
highlights: Yu 'Denise' Zhang has been suffering from gastric cancer for three years . Petition started to get Eli Lilly company to release latest treatment now .
id: 982d7565e0b68a4644532eb4835cc1a5c7a40011
chatgpt: A petition has been started to urge pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly to release their latest gastric cancer treatment, as a woman suffering from the disease has been waiting for three years to access it. Yu 'Denise' Zhang was diagnosed with gastric cancer three years ago and has been fighting the disease ever since. She has undergone various forms of treatment, including chemotherapy and surgery, but none have proven to be effective in stopping the progression of the cancer. Recently, Zhang and her family learned of a new treatment being developed by Eli Lilly that has shown promising results in clinical trials. However, the drug has not yet been approved by regulatory agencies and is not yet available to the public. This news was devastating for Zhang and her loved ones, as they had hoped this new treatment would finally offer some hope in her battle against the disease. In response, a petition has been started online to put pressure on Eli Lilly to expedite the approval process and make this treatment available to those who need it. The petition has quickly gained traction, with thousands of signatures added in just a few days. Supporters of the cause are urging Eli Lilly to prioritize the needs of cancer patients and do everything in their power to make this new treatment accessible as soon as possible. Many are also calling for greater transparency from pharmaceutical companies when it comes to the development and availability of new treatments. There is concern that these companies are driven more by profit than by a desire to help those suffering from serious illnesses. At the heart of this issue is the question of patient access to new and potentially life-saving treatments. While it is important to ensure that new drugs are rigorously tested and approved by regulatory agencies, there is also a need to prioritize the needs of those who are currently battling serious illnesses. Zhang's story highlights the urgency of this issue, as she and her family continue to wait for a treatment that could potentially extend her life and improve her quality of life. Eli Lilly has not yet responded to the petition or made any public statements regarding the availability of their new gastric cancer treatment. However, it is clear that there is growing pressure on the company to take action and prioritize patient needs. As the petition continues to gather support, many are hopeful that it will lead to meaningful change in the way that new treatments are developed and made available to those who need them the most. For Zhang and others like her, a new and effective treatment could be the difference between life and death.