article: (CNN) -- Rafael Nadal's hopes of successfully defending his U.S. Open title have been dealt a serious blow after the Spaniard revealed he has sustained a wrist injury during a practice session. The world No. 2 says he will be out of competitive action for "at least two-three weeks," ruling him out of the upcoming ATP Tour 1000 events in Toronto and Cincinnati and possibly out of this season's final grand slam tournament which starts on August 25. Nadal won both Masters events last season before beating Novak Djokovic in the final at Flushing Meadows in New York. In a statement released by organizers of Toronto's Rogers Cup, Nadal expressed his dismay at missing out this year. "I'm extremely disappointed that I am unable to defend my Rogers Cup title this year," said Nadal, who beat home favorite Milos Raonic in last year's final. "I was looking forward to coming there and playing again in Toronto as I have always loved to play in Canada and had great results in the past at a very important event. "Unfortunately I injured myself yesterday (Tuesday) during practice and after checking with my doctors I will have to stay out of competition for at least two-three weeks. I am sorry to the tournament and to all of the fans." The 28-year-old last missed the U.S. Open in 2012 when a knee injury forced him out of action for seven months in total. Nadal has endured fluctuating fortunes on court this year winning four tournaments so far including the French Open in June. His four-set win over Novak Djokovic clinched a ninth title at Roland Garros, but this was tempered by disappointments at Melbourne Park and Wimbledon. At the Australian Open in January, Nadal injured his back in the warm up before the final and went onto to lose in four sets to Switzerland's Stanislas Wawrinka. Normal service was resumed in Paris before Nadal exited early for the third year running at SW19. After being dumped out in round's two and one in 2012 and 2013 respectively, Nadal made it to the last 16 before succumbing to Australian teenager Nick Kyrgios. Read more: Serena fighting fit after Wimbledon illness scare .
highlights: Rafael Nadal to miss ATP Tour events due to wrist injury . World no. 2 withdraws from events in Toronto and Cincinnati . Spaniard now a major doubt for U.S. Open which starts on August 25 . Nadal's doctors tell him he cannot compete for "at least two-three weeks"
id: a587c9da30993295f2dc4667ae4d6343f481042e
chatgpt: Rafael Nadal, the Spanish tennis superstar and world number two, has been forced to withdraw from the upcoming ATP Tour events due to a wrist injury. The events, to be held in Toronto and Cincinnati, would have been important for Nadal in his bid to prepare for the upcoming U.S. Open, which starts on August 25. The extent of the injury means that Nadal is now a major doubt for the tournament. Nadal's doctors have told him that he will not be able to compete for at least two to three weeks, ruling him out of the ATP Tour events. It is not clear whether he will be fit enough to participate in the U.S. Open, which is less than a month away. Nadal took to social media to express his disappointment, saying: "I'm really sorry to announce that I won't be playing in Toronto and Cincinnati this year. I was really looking forward to competing and seeing all my fans, but my wrist injury is preventing me from being my best. I hope to be back soon and am working hard on my recovery." The 35-year-old has had a difficult season so far, with a foot injury forcing him to withdraw from the French Open and Wimbledon. He was hoping to use the ATP Tour events to get back into rhythm and build confidence ahead of the U.S. Open. Nadal has won the U.S. Open four times in his career and is one of the greatest players to have ever played the sport. Despite his injury woes, he remains a big draw for fans and his participation in the U.S. Open would have been eagerly anticipated. The injury will now cast doubt over Nadal's ability to compete at the highest level going forward. He will need to take his recovery one step at a time and ensure that he is fully fit before he returns to competitive tennis. The U.S. Open is one of the biggest events in the tennis calendar, and Nadal's absence would be a major blow to the tournament. However, there is still a strong field of players who will be looking to stake their claim for the title, including Novak Djokovic, Daniil Medvedev, and Stefanos Tsitsipas. Only time will tell if Nadal will be fit enough to compete, but whatever happens, his fans will be hoping for a fast and full recovery.