article: Antoine Griezmann scored twice and Koke had a hand in three goals as Atletico Madrid cruised to a 4-2 win against Cordoba. Griezmann put Atletico ahead just before the break but Nabil Ghilas grabbed the first of his two goals to level things up shortly after the interval. Griezmann's second restored the home side's lead and further goals from Mario Mandzukic and Raul Garcia put the result beyond doubt before Ghilas scored his second. Antoine Griezmann (left) celebrates scoring during Atletico Madrid's 4-2 home victory over Cordoba . The Frenchman jumps to head Atletico in front and move the defending champions second in the table . Atletico started on the front foot and Arda Turan dragged a shot wide before Koke hit the bar from outside the area. Guilherme Siqueira, Gabi and Turan then all brought saves from Juan Carlos before Atletico took the lead a minute before the break as Griezmann netted his first Primera Division goal. Koke delivered a free-kick from the left touchline and Aleksandar Pantic's headed clearance only went as far as the Frenchman, who brought the ball under control brilliantly with his right foot and fired home with his left courtesy of a huge deflection. Atletico's Raul Garcia is mobbed by team-mates after scoring during the 4-2 victory over Cordoba . Atletico's Diego Godin (second left) and Joao Mirando (right) jump for the ball against Cordoba . The equaliser also came from a set-piece as the visitors levelled things up in the 54th minute. Fidel whipped in a corner and Ghilas was left completely unmarked at the back post to head home. Cordoba were level for just four minutes, though, as Griezmann scored his second. Some good work down the right resulted in Juanfran supplying a cross and Griezmann was on hand to head past Juan Carlos, who got a hand to the ball but could not keep it out. And just four minutes later it was 3-1 with a Koke free-kick again doing the damage. The Spain international delivered from the left and when Juan Carlos came to punch and missed, Mandzukic hardly had to jump to head into the empty net. Raul Garcia (centre) celebrates with his Atletico Madrid team-mates after they moved second in La Liga . The champions dominated proceedings for the remainder of the half and it was no surprise when the fourth goal arrived nine minutes from time. Koke was again the provider as he crossed from the left and Raul Garcia met the ball with a glancing near-post header which flashed across the face of goal and in. Ghilas grabbed his second in the 87th minute when he capitalised on a poor clearance by Juanfran to hammer home but it proved no more than a consolation. Atletico fans sangs and praise their team during their 4-2 victory over Cordoba to move second in the table .
highlights: Antoine Grierzmann scored twice and Koke had a hand in three goals . Mario Mandzukic and Raul Garcia also netted for Atleti in 4-2 win . Nabil Ghilas scored twice for Cordoba but they eventually lost the match . Defending champions Atleti move second behind rivals Real Madrid .
id: 70ef2023cf14ee1abcceaab928d8b1f1bfe1b6aa
chatgpt: In a thrilling match at Estadio Nuevo Arcangel, Atletico Madrid emerged victorious with a stunning 4-2 win over Cordoba. The defending champions, who have had a less than perfect start to their season, showed great determination and skill to secure all three points and move up to the second spot in La Liga table, just behind their arch-rivals Real Madrid. The match started with both teams exchanging early blows but it was Antoine Griezmann who drew blood for Atleti in the 24th minute with a well-placed shot past the Cordoba keeper. The French forward, who has been in fine form this season, added another one in the 34th minute, scoring his seventh goal in La Liga this season. Koke, who has been the creative force for Atleti this season, had a hand in three of their goals. The Spanish midfielder provided a delightful assist for Mario Mandzukic to score Atleti's third goal in the 37th minute. Mandzukic, who has been struggling with injuries this season, made his mark in the match with a well-placed header. Raul Garcia, who came on as a substitute, scored Atleti's fourth goal in the 85th minute, putting the match firmly out of Cordoba's reach. The Spanish midfielder was clinical in front of goal and his goal-scoring ability will provide a welcome boost for Atleti going forward. Cordoba, who have been struggling to get points this season, fought hard but were unable to match the quality of their opponents. Nabil Ghilas scored both of Cordoba's goals, but it was not enough to prevent them from losing the match. The Algerian forward was a constant threat to Atleti's defense and his goals gave the home fans something to cheer about. Atleti's win was a statement of intent and will boost their confidence going forward. Diego Simone's men have been criticized for their lack of goals this season but the team showed that they can be lethal in front of goal when given the chance. The win moves Atleti up to the second spot in La Liga table, just behind Real Madrid who are two points ahead. The two teams will meet in a highly anticipated derby match in two weeks' time and Atleti will be hoping to close the gap on their rivals.  In conclusion, Atleti's 4-2 win over Cordoba was a fantastic display of attacking football, with Antoine Grierzmann and Koke leading the charge for the defending champions. The win will give a much-needed boost to Atleti's morale and they will be looking to continue their winning momentum in the weeks ahead.