article: Football Association vice-chairman David Gill has declared he will stand for Britain's FIFA vice-presidency next year following a change of heart. Gill, a Manchester United director and UEFA executive committee member, had been insistent he would not stand for the post, where he is likely to face rival bids from Scottish FA president Campbell Ogilvie and Welsh FA president Trefor Lloyd Hughes. His previous stance led the FA to consider current and former players including Rio Ferdinand and Graeme Le Saux as candidates until Gill - regarded as the obvious candidate - changed his mind and agreed to stand. It is understood that UEFA president Michel Platini had suggested to Gill that he should run for the post. Former Manchester United chief executive David Gill (right), pictured with Sir Alex Ferguson, has announced his intention to stand for Britain's FIFA vice-presidency . Gill has had a change of heart after initially ruling himself out of the running for the FIFA post . QPR defender Rio Ferdinand had been considered as a candidate for the role by the Football Association . Gill said in a statement: 'This is a decision I have been thinking about for some time. Although I had initially wanted to focus on developing my relatively new role within UEFA, I believe there is an opportunity, if elected, to use the FIFA position to make a real difference while complementing that ongoing work. 'Having sounded out many people across the game including fellow board members at Manchester United, the FA and UEFA, I would hope to make a positive contribution and use my candidacy to drive a debate for continued reform.' An election will take place at the UEFA congress in Vienna in March, with all UEFA members voting from a list of candidates put forward by the four British associations. Northern Ireland's Jim Boyce, the current incumbent, is retiring in May and has said he has no interest in standing again. Britain's current FIFA vice-president Jim Boyce (left) is retiring in May and will not stand for the role again . Gill chats with England manager Roy Hodgson (right) at Stamford Bridge in October 2012 .
highlights: David Gill will run for Britain's FIFA vice-presidency in 2015 . The former Manchester United chief executive had originally planned not to stand for the position . He is likely to face competition from Scottish FA president Campbell Ogilvie and Welsh FA president Trefor Lloyd Hughes . Rio Ferdinand and Graeme Le Saux had been considered as candidates by the FA .
id: 99bc0fe8ecca0a49afe352e205bca2d6de261686
chatgpt: Former Manchester United chief executive David Gill has announced that he will run for the position of Britain's FIFA vice-president. This comes as a surprise, as Gill was originally planning not to stand for the position. Gill's decision is likely to shake up the race for the vice-presidency, as he is expected to face competition from the president of the Scottish FA, Campbell Ogilvie, and the president of the Welsh FA, Trefor Lloyd Hughes. The Football Association (FA) had been considering Rio Ferdinand and Graeme Le Saux as possible candidates for the position, but it seems that they will not be running. In a statement, Gill said that he had received encouragement from many in the football world to stand for the position. He also emphasized that he was committed to reforming FIFA and providing a voice for the British football community within the organization. "I believe that FIFA needs reform and I am committed to playing a role in this process," Gill said. "I also believe that the British football community has a valuable perspective to offer FIFA, and I will work to ensure that this perspective is heard." Gill is well-respected in the football world, both in Britain and internationally. He served as Manchester United's chief executive from 2003 to 2013, during which time the club won numerous trophies, including five Premier League titles and the Champions League. He also served on UEFA's executive committee from 2009 to 2013 and was a member of FIFA's executive committee from 2013 to 2017. Gill's entry into the race for the FIFA vice-presidency is likely to make the position much more competitive. The British football community has been seeking greater representation within FIFA, and Gill's candidacy will provide a strong voice for that community. Whether or not Gill will ultimately be successful in his bid remains to be seen. But with his experience and credibility in the football world, he will undoubtedly be a formidable candidate for the position.