article: By . Mike Dawes . Lewis Hamilton and Nicole Scherzinger celebrated their sixth anniversary together by visiting one of the most romantic cities on earth. The Mercedes driver took the former Pussycat Doll on a trip to Venice, before flying to New York. He tweeted photos of their visit to both cities after returning home to Monaco from the Austrian Grand Prix. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Lewis Hamilton show off his singing dog . Romantic: Lewis Hamilton tweeted photos of his sixth anniversary with Nicole Scherzinger in Venice . Travellers: Hamilton also tweeted photos with Scherzinger in New York . Champagne: Lewis Hamilton (left) celebrates finishing second behind Nico Rosberg (right) at the Austria GP . VIDEO Mercedes reassert dominance in Austria . Chase: Hamilton (right) follows Mercedes team-mate Rosberg down the straight at the Red Bull Ring . Change: Hamilton makes a pit stop at the Mercedes garage during the Austrian Grand Prix . The compilation of Venice photos were accompanied with the caption: 'Better late than never. @nicolescherzy & I in Venice for our 6th Anniversary. #goodtimes #godisthegreatest.' Hamilton then added more photos and tweeted: 'Then The Hamptons New York. Always wanted to go after watching "White Chicks"! We had an amazing time. @nicolescherzy.' The 2008 F1 World Champion is currently second to team-mate Nico Rosberg in this year's drivers' standings after again finishing behind the German at the Austrian Grand Prix. Rosberg won the race at the Red Bull Ring, with Hamilton fighting all the way to the end but unable to overtake him. Hamilton has 136 points to Rosberg's 165 and will look to claw some back when they next race at the British Grand Prix at Silverstone. Competitive: The drivers, with Hamilton in second, race round the Red Bull Ring in Austria . Rivals: Hamilton (right) follows championship leader Rosberg (left) at the Austrian Grand Prix . Joy: The Mercedes team gather to celebrate their Austrian Grand Prix 1-2 with Hamilton and Rosberg (centre) Frustrated: Hamilton trails his team-mate Rosberg by 29 points in the drivers' championship .
highlights: Hamilton and Scherzinger visited the Italian city and New York . He tweeted compilation photos from their trips to Italy and America . Hamilton came second to Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg in Austria . The Brit trails Rosberg by 29 points in the drivers' standings . He will hope to claw some points back at the British Grand Prix .
id: 39491c25fe59b2824efe0d75d24b9a39ac8292d0
chatgpt: Lewis Hamilton, the famous British racing driver and his long-time girlfriend, Nicole Scherzinger were recently seen exploring the beautiful cities of Italy and New York. Hamilton tweeted a series of compilation photos from their trip, showcasing their fun-filled excursions around the two cities. Despite spending some quality time off the track, Hamilton has not let his guard down when it comes to racing. He recently finished second to his Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg at the Austrian Grand Prix. This result has left Hamilton trailing Rosberg by 29 points in the drivers' standings. Hamilton will now be hoping to make a comeback and climb his way up the standings at the upcoming British Grand Prix. The event will take place at the Silverstone Circuit in Northamptonshire, England, from July 16-18. This race holds a special place in Hamilton's heart as it is his home race and he has had great success at this circuit in the past. The British Grand Prix is always a highly anticipated event as it draws in a large number of spectators from all over the world. The atmosphere at the race is always electrifying, with fans cheering and waving their flags as the drivers race past. This year, with the easing of Covid-19 restrictions, it is expected that the number of spectators will be higher than last year, which is sure to add to the exciting atmosphere. Hamilton, who is a five-time world champion, has won the British Grand Prix seven times in his career, with five of those victories coming in the last six years. He is definitely a crowd favorite and has a strong chance of adding to his tally of victories this year. It will be interesting to see how the upcoming races pan out for Hamilton as he aims to close the gap on Rosberg in the drivers' standings. With his talent and determination, Hamilton is sure to put up a strong fight and give his fans an exciting season ahead.