article: A Florida-based former Christian missionary was today sentenced to 58 years in federal prison for sexually abusing girls who were part of an indigenous tribe in the Amazon and filming the acts. While he was establishing a church with the Katukina tribe, Warren Scott Kennell, 45, a missionary with the Sanford-based New Tribes Mission, befriended the girls and abused them over several years, prosecutors said. He was arrested in Orlando in May and investigators found more than 940 images of child pornography on his hard drive. Convicted creep: Warren Kennell, a Florida-based former Christian missionary, pictured, was sentenced Tuesday to 58 years in federal prison for sexually abusing girls who were part of an indigenous tribe in the Amazon and filming the acts . On Tuesday, Assistant U.S. Attorney Tanya Davis Wilson said Kennell abused his position as a missionary 'in the most horrendous way.' Homeland Security Investigations began investigating Kennell after they got a tip that he'd posted pictures on a website that allowed people to trade child pornography, according to the Orlando Sentinel. Agents stopped him at Orlando airport after he got off a plane from Brazil and discovered several thumb drives and an external hard drive on his person during a search. The drives contained hundreds of images of child pornography. Kennell admitted he was the man . abusing a young girl in one of the images and said he was responsible . for photographing the second girl. Missionary: Kennell abused his position as a missionary for Sanford-based New Tribes Mission, pictured, which is one of the largest Christian missionary organizations in the world . After his arrest, he pleaded guilty to two counts of production of child pornography and during his sentencing Tuesday, Kennell apologized to the victims and his family. 'I've hurt a lot of people,' he said. His father, Joe Kennell, asked the court for leniency, listing off some of the positive things the missionary has done throughout his life. Joe Kennell, who was also a missionary and, with his wife, raised their children in Brazil, told the court his son often provided medical care to the locals. New Tribes Mission is one of the largest Christian missionary organizations in the world. In 2011, the Sanford-based group was sued by a woman who claimed she was raped repeatedly from age 8 while she lived in a dormitory for missionary children in the Philippines.
highlights: While he was setting up a church with the Katukina tribe in Brazil, Warren Scott Kennell, 45, befriended the girls and abused them over several years . Kennell was a missionary with the Sanford, Florida-based New Tribes Mission . He was arrested in Orlando in May and investigators found more than 940 images of child pornography on his hard drive . On Tuesday, Assistant U.S. Attorney Tanya Davis Wilson said Kennell abused his position as a missionary 'in the most horrendous way'
id: 492026bd20255f7fb40096871af8084d11fb73f6
chatgpt: A former New Tribes Missionary, Warren Scott Kennell, who befriended and abused girls while setting up a church with the Katukina tribe in Brazil, has been described as having "abused his position as a missionary in the most horrendous way" by Assistant U.S. Attorney Tanya Davis Wilson. Kennell, 45, from the Sanford, Florida-based mission was arrested in May in Orlando. During investigations, more than 940 images of child pornography were found on his hard drive. He had been abusing girls over several years in his role as a missionary. The shocking case has highlighted the potential abuse of trust and power that can occur when American mission trips are undertaken by those with ulterior motives. The New Tribes Mission, which operates worldwide, focuses on working with isolated tribes that have had little or no contact with the outside world. The charity’s aim is to spread the word of Christianity and provide education, healthcare and other services. Cases of abuse by missionaries have become more widely reported in recent years, and it is feared that the phenomenon is more widespread than is currently known. Calls have been made for charities to ensure effective vetting and training of individuals who take part in such trips. Janet Reaves, Executive Director of the Child Protection Program at the Association of Christian Schools International, said "we will always need to be vigilant in protecting children and adolescents from abuse. We are working to educate and train teachers and administrators to maintain safe environments for students whether at school or at an event." The case of Warren Scott Kennell has raised questions about the effectiveness of vetting procedures for those taking part in missionary trips. It is hoped that charities such as the New Tribes Mission will review their procedures with a view to preventing any future abuse. Kennell is currently being held in custody without bail and faces charges of child pornography and sexual abuse of minors. His trial is set to begin in September. The victims continue to be supported by charities working in the region.