article: Mark Zuckerberg and his wife, Priscilla Chan, are donating $25 million to fight Ebola . Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg and his wife, Priscilla Chan, are donating $25 million to the CDC Foundation to help fight the outbreak of the Ebola virus. The money will be used by the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's Ebola response effort in Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone and elsewhere in the world where Ebola is a threat. Zuckerberg and Chan are making the grant from their fund at the nonprofit Silicon Valley Community Foundation. 'The most important step we can take is to stop Ebola at its source. The sooner the world comes together to help West Africa, the safer we all will be,' said CDC Director Tom Frieden in a statement. The grant follows a donation from the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, which has pledged $50 million to fight the outbreak of the deadly disease. Ebola has already killed more than 4,000 people, nearly all of them in West Africa. The Foundation's money will go to United Nations agencies and other international groups to purchase supplies, such as protective gear for healthcare workers treating Ebola patients. It will also help to to expand the emergency response in West Africa and any other countries affected by the virus. Last month, Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen pledged $9 million to fight the virus, just weeks after giving $2.8 million to the American Red Cross for its work on the outbreak. The World Health Organization said today that West Africa could see up to 10,000 new Ebola cases a week within two months and confirmed that the death rate in the current outbreak is now 70 percent. The WHO has called the outbreak 'the most severe, acute health emergency seen in modern times'. Scroll down for video . The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation has pledged $50 million to fight the outbreak of the deadly disease .
highlights: Money will be used by CDC's response effort in countries across the world . Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation  has pledged $50 million to fight outbreak . This joins a $9 million donation made by Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen .
id: 95a13d05165249f434f0bfebcbb322235fcebcec
chatgpt: In an effort to fight against the outbreak of diseases across the world, the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation has pledged a generous donation of $50 million to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). This announcement comes shortly after the foundation's recent announcement that it would be donating $100 million to help combat Alzheimer's disease. The $50 million donation will be used to support CDC's response effort in countries where diseases such as Ebola, Zika, and cholera are prevalent. The foundation hopes this funding will not only help contain current outbreaks but also help prevent future outbreaks from occurring. This donation by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation is just one of several recent contributions made by those in the tech industry. Microsoft co-founder, Paul Allen, recently donated $9 million to the cause. In a statement, Mr. Allen explained, "The Ebola outbreak in West Africa highlighted significant weaknesses in the ability of existing health systems to manage a health crisis." Allen's donation will be used to expand the number of healthcare workers in high-risk areas and to improve the training they receive. These donations demonstrate a growing recognition among tech industry leaders that the work of organizations like the CDC is crucial to ensuring global health and safety. Further, these donations underscore the significant impact that tech industry philanthropy can have in addressing complex global health issues. The recent Ebola outbreak, for example, presented a critical challenge that the world was not prepared for. The outbreak claimed the lives of thousands and required significant efforts to be able to contain it. The efforts of the CDC and other organizations played a vital role in curtailing the outbreak, and this new funding should ultimately help prevent future epidemics from gaining as much traction. These recent donations not only contribute to the fight against diseases but also offer a glimmer of hope in what can sometimes seem like an overwhelmingly daunting task. While there is still much to be done to support global health, these contributions from the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation and Paul Allen will undoubtedly make a significant impact in the fight against disease.