article: By . Jonathan O'Callaghan . A quickly draining battery can be a pain for many iPhone users. But it turns out one of the most popular apps might be to blame. A former Apple Store Genius has unearthed evidence that the Facebook app is eating away at your phone’s juice. Is Facebook draining your battery? A former Apple Store employee has discovered that the popular third-party app runs processes in the battery that can decrease your phone's juice . According to Scotty Loveless from Overthought.org: 'I just got the iPhone 5s about two weeks ago, and thought my battery was draining a little too quickly. ‘Being the nerd that I am, I decided to run the app Instruments from Xcode, Apple’s developer tool, in order to see what the problem was. ‘During this testing, Facebook kept jumping up on the process list even thought I wasn’t using it. ‘So I tried disabling Location Services and Background App Refresh for Facbook.' Doing this, Loveless noticed that his battery percentage increased from 12% to 17%. Disable Background App Refresh for apps other than Facebook. Turn off push email. Stop push notifications from apps you don't use frequently. Turn on airplane mode when you haven't got a signal anyway. Stop closing apps, as your phone uses more battery each time it opens them again. ‘I have confirmed this behaviour on multiple iPhones with the same result,’ continues Loveless. ‘Bad, Facebook, bad.’ Fortunately, as Loveless points out, there is an easy fix. Navigating to Settings > Privacy > Location Services will enable you to turn off Location Services for Facebook. Then go to Settings > General > Background App Refresh to turn that functionality off for Facebook. One of the reasons for this might be that Facebook is introducing more features as it bids to become your number one communications service. This isn’t the first time Facebook has been caught causing phone users trouble, though . Previously in January MailOnline reported that the app was reading your texts, which the company claims is required for security reasons. You can turn off Location Services for Facebook within the iOS Settings menu to save battery life . Heading into your settings will also allow you to turn off 'Background App Refresh' for Facebook, saving more battery life but at the expense of not getting constant updates .
highlights: A former Apple employee found that Facebook was draining battery . Background processes on iPhones run by the app eat up as much as 5% . This keeps the app updated and gives you push notifications . But turning it off is a good way to prolong your phone's life .
id: b16bd2bfa121e5f75cedc48e24c09c7d13a2d1e3
chatgpt: A former Apple employee has discovered that Facebook may be the culprit behind your phone's quickly draining battery life. The social media giant's background processes on iPhones have been found to consume as much as 5% of your phone's battery, even when you are not actively using the app. While this feature keeps the app updated and enables push notifications, it may be worth disabling to help prolong your phone's battery life. The discovery was made by Matt Galligan, a former employee of Apple, who tweeted about his findings. He noted that he had disabled Facebook's background processes on his iPhone and found a significant improvement in battery performance. The background processes, also known as Background App Refresh, allow apps to update in the background even when you are not using them. This feature is convenient for keeping your apps up-to-date and receives push notifications when new content is available. However, these processes can also drain your phone's battery faster than usual. The issue is not exclusive to Facebook, and many other apps with background processes can have a similar effect on your phone's battery. Galligan, however, found that Facebook was one of the largest culprits responsible for draining phone batteries. Disabling Facebook's Background App Refresh feature is relatively easy to do. To turn off the feature, go to 'Settings' on your phone, then 'General,' and then 'Background App Refresh.' This will take you to a screen where you can either disable the feature for all apps or select specific apps to turn off. Disabling the feature may lead to longer battery life and a smoother performance of your iPhone. The discovery has come as a surprise to many iPhone users who have been struggling with the issue of fast-draining battery life. The ease with which this problem can be resolved has been well received by many, while others have criticized Facebook for not optimizing their app for better battery performance. In conclusion, Facebook's Background App Refresh feature has been responsible for draining the batteries of many iPhone users. Disabling the feature is an easy way to prolong your phone's battery life and can lead to better overall performance. It is a simple step that may help solve the problem of fast-draining batteries that trouble many iPhone users.