article: (CNN) -- Rafael Nadal admitted his knee injury continues to "bother" him after the Spaniard suffered double defeat in the final of the singles and doubles tournaments at the VTR Open in Vina del Mar, Chile. The clay court event was the former world No. 1's first tournament in seven months due to an injury to his left knee, which caused him to miss both the U.S. Open as well as the Australian Open. "The knee is still bothering me, but you have to face adversity with the best possible face and look forward to keep working and enjoy what I like the most, to play tennis," said the 11-time grand slam champion told the ATP World Tour's website. Despite his discomfort and a 6-7 (2-7) 7-6 (8-6) 6-4 loss to Argentina's Horacio Zeballos, Nadal stressed the positives he had taken away from the event having played nine matches in six days. "A week ago we didn't know how the body would respond," the 26-year-old Mallorcan. "[Now] at least I know we can compete at a certain level. "I think that was a positive week... I will try to keep improving my physical sensations day-by-day, which is the most important thing because I don't feel that my tennis level is bad. I need more time on court. World No. 43 Zeballos picked up his first career Tour title and became just the third player to beat Nadal in a clay court final, following in the foot steps of Roger Federer and Novak Djokovic. It was only Nadal's fifth defeat in 41 clay court finals. "The tennis is important, but for me the best thing was to have the feelings I've had this week, with a full stadium and one of the best crowds I've ever had in my life," added Nadal. "It's a place I won't forget because of the love people gave me. "I was two points away from winning the title, but I said from first day that the result was not the most important thing, although I would've liked to win. "My opponent won, he deserved it and I congratulate him. Still, to win four matches in a row is good news for me." Nadal and Argentine partner Juan Monaco lost the doubles final to Italians Potito Starace and Paolo Lorenzi. This week Nadal will continue his rehabilitation in South America, where he will be top seed at this week's Brazil Open in Sao Paulo.
highlights: Rafael Nadal loses both the singles and doubles finals at the VTR Open . The event in Chile was Nadal's first for seven months after a knee injury . The Spaniard beaten 6-7 (2-7) 7-6 (8-6) 6-4 by Argentina's Horacio Zeballos . Zeballos becomes only the third player to beat Nadal in a clay court final .
id: 29f92e3d58c1e79932ca0a203fd62f55590b3fc4
chatgpt: Rafael Nadal, the Spanish tennis superstar, made his first appearance at the VTR Open in Chile in seven months after coping with a knee injury. Nadal was hoping to make a smooth comeback and win his 38th career clay-court title. However, things didn't go as planned for the 20-time Grand Slam winner, as he lost both the singles and doubles finals at the event. Nadal teamed up with compatriot, David Vega Hernandez, to take on the Argentinian duo of Federico Delbonis and Leonardo Mayer. But, they were beaten 6-3, 7-5 in the doubles final. In the singles final, Nadal was up against Argentinian tennis player, Horacio Zeballos. Despite putting up a great fight, Nadal lost 6-7 (2-7), 7-6 (8-6), 6-4 to Zeballos. This defeat comes as a setback for the Spaniard, who is still considered one of the best clay court players of all time. Zeballos, who is ranked 137th in the world, showed his grit and determination as he battled through three sets to beat Nadal. He became only the third player after Novak Djokovic and Gaston Gaudio to beat Nadal in a clay-court final. Nadal seemed in good shape after his surgery, but it's apparent that he needs more time to get back into his top form. The Spaniard has always been a fierce competitor and never shies away from a challenge, and he will be undoubtedly looking forward to his next tournament appearance. Despite his defeat, Nadal was gracious in his remarks and congratulated Zeballos on his victory. He said, "Horacio played a fantastic match, and he deserved to win. He had a great week, and I have to say congratulations to him." With the French Open just a few months away, Nadal will need to take more significant strides in his comeback if he is to win his fourteenth title at Roland Garros. However, his fans can take solace in the fact that Rafael Nadal always finds a way.