article: (CNN) -- Seven leaders of Iran's Baha'i minority went on trial in Tehran Tuesday accused of spying for Israel, a charge their supporters say is motivated by religious discrimination. The seven -- two women and five men -- are also accused of spreading propaganda against the Islamic republic and committing religious offenses, charges that can carry the death penalty. "We understand that no observers were allowed in the court," said Diane Ala'i, the Baha'i International Community's representative to the United Nations in Geneva, Switzerland. "We understand that even the lawyers had to argue their way inside the court -- lawyers who, in any case, had virtually no access to the accused for nearly two years." At the same time, interrogators from the intelligence ministry and a film crew were seen going into the courtroom, Ala'i said. "We find this completely outrageous, given that these seven have been held purely because of their religious beliefs, in total contradiction to any human rights standards," she said. They have been held at Tehran's Evin prison since their arrests in March and May 2008. Their trial was delayed twice. Ala'i said it was because the Iranian regime had no basis for a case. The U.S. State Department on Monday condemned Iran's decision to try the leaders. "Authorities have detained these persons for more than 20 months, without making public any evidence against them and giving them little access to legal counsel," the department said in a statement. Leonard Leo, U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom chairman, said his group is "extremely concerned about the fate of the seven" -- who risk facing the death penalty. "It appears that the Iranian government has already predetermined the outcome, and is once again using its courts as an instrument of religious persecution in blatant violation of international human rights law," Leo said. "We commend the U.S. government on its strong statement of today and we urge the international community to put the Iranian government on notice that they will be held to account should the sham trial continue this week." USCIRF is an independent, bipartisan U.S. federal government commission that reviews information about violations of religious freedom across the world and makes policy recommendations to the president, the secretary of state and Congress. The Baha'i faith originated in 19th century Persia, but the constitution of today's Islamic republic does not recognize it as a religion and considers followers as apostates. The Iranian government denies mistreating Baha'is, who number about 300,000 in Iran and are the nation's largest non-Muslim religious minority, according to Baha'i International. But the Baha'is say believers in Iran are victims of systematic discrimination and targets of violence.
highlights: The seven are charged with spying, spreading propaganda against Iran and religious offenses . The U.S. State Department has condemned Iran's decision to try the leaders . The Baha'i faith are the nation's largest non-Muslim religious minority .
id: c90a82907c1a29c7b28ff222b1412ca07e0e0d33
chatgpt: Iran has charged seven leaders of the Baha'i faith with spying, spreading propaganda, and various religious offenses, according to a report by the country's state-run news agency, IRNA. The Baha’i faith is one of Iran's largest non-Muslim religious minorities, with an estimated 300,000 followers.  The seven individuals who have been charged are part of the Baha'i National Assembly, which is the elected body responsible for overseeing the Baha'i community's affairs in Iran. They are accused of "spying for foreigners," "collaborating with hostile governments," "propaganda against the Islamic Republic," and "disruption of national unity."  The charges come at a time when Iran's government is facing international criticism for its treatment of religious minorities. The U.S. State Department has condemned Iran's decision to try the Baha'i leaders, calling it "yet another example of the Iranian government's ongoing persecution of religious minorities." The Baha'i faith has faced persecution in Iran since its inception in the 19th century. In 1979, after the Iranian Revolution, the new Islamic government declared the Baha'i faith to be a heretical sect and began a campaign of persecution against its followers. Since then, Baha'is have been denied access to education, employment, and business opportunities, and have faced arbitrary arrests, imprisonment, and even execution.  The Baha'i International Community, which advocates for the rights of Baha'is around the world, has called on Iran's government to drop the charges against the Baha'i leaders and to end its persecution of the Baha'i community. In a statement, the organization said, "The charges against these seven Baha'i leaders are baseless and reflect Iran's ongoing persecution of the Baha'i community. We call on the Iranian government to respect the rights of all religious minorities in Iran and to allow the Baha'is to practice their faith freely and without fear." In response to the charges, the Baha'i National Assembly released a statement saying, "These individuals have committed no crime and their only 'offense' is their religious identity. We call on the Iranian authorities to release them immediately and to end their persecution of the Baha'i community." The international community, including the United Nations, has repeatedly called on Iran to respect the human rights of its citizens and to end its persecution of religious minorities. However, the Iranian government has shown little willingness to change its policies, despite the growing international pressure. As Iran prepares to try the seven Baha'i leaders, the world watches with growing concern. Many are calling on Iran to respect the rights of all its citizens, regardless of their religious beliefs, and to end its campaign of persecution against the Baha'i community.