article: By . Mark Duell . PUBLISHED: . 15:12 EST, 17 June 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 01:19 EST, 18 June 2013 . Russia and the U.S. disagree on how to end the conflict in Syria - but both want the bloodshed to stop and the warring parties brought to the negotiating table, Vladimir Putin said today. Russian President Mr Putin admitted after talks with U.S. President Barack Obama at the G8 summit in Northern Ireland that 'our positions do not fully coincide'. He added: 'But we are united by the common intention to end the violence, to stop the number of victims increasing in Syria, to resolve the problems by peaceful means, including the Geneva talks.' Tense: U.S. President Barack Obama and Russian President Vladimir Putin at the G8 summit in Northern Ireland . Looking tense and staring mostly at the . floor, he said: ‘We agreed to push the process of peace talks and . encourage the parties to sit down at the negotiation table, organise the . talks in Geneva.’ He added: ‘Of course our opinions do not coincide, but all of us have . the intention to stop the violence in Syria and to stop the growth of . victims and to solve the situation peacefully’. Mr Obama, 51, conceded he has a ‘different perspective’ to the Russian . President on Syria, but they have a shared interest in stopping the . violence and securing chemical weapons in the country. He said: ‘We share an interest in reducing the violence, securing . chemical weapons and ensuring that they're neither used nor are they . subject to proliferation.’ While Mr Putin has called for negotiated peace talks, he has not called . for Syrian President Bashar Assad to leave power, and he remains one of . the leader's strongest political and military allies. Disagreement: Mr Obama conceded that he has a 'different perspective' to Mr Putin when it comes to Syria . The White House did not expect any breakthrough with Mr Putin on Syria . during the G8 meeting and it further highlighted the rift between the . two countries on how to address the fighting. 'Of course our opinions do not coincide, but all of us have the intention to stop the violence in Syria' Vladimir Putin, Russian President . Mr Obama announced on Friday that the U.S. would start sending weaponry, . while Britain and France remained concerned that the firepower might . end up helping anti-democratic extremists linked to Iran and Lebanon's . Hezbollah militia. Mr Putin has defended Russia's continuing supply of weapons to Assad's military. At least 93,000 people have been killed in Syria's conflict since it . erupted in March 2011, according to a recent U.N. estimate. Millions . have been displaced. Mr Obama also said he and Mr Putin, 60, expressed cautious optimism . about the ability to move forward on a dialogue with Iran after a . moderate cleric was elected president there.
highlights: Putin says both countries want negotiations and for bloodshed to stop . But he admits after talks at G8 that they don't have a common solution . Barack Obama says he has 'different perspective' to Russia on Syria .
id: 062af2b240222c4b890d8f7cf05addb349685b82
chatgpt: Leaders of major world powers met for the Group of Eight (G8) summit in Northern Ireland earlier this week, with the Syrian conflict as a major topic of discussion. Russian President Vladimir Putin and U.S. President Barack Obama met individually, as well as joining other leaders for broader discussions on the crisis in Syria. Putin said both countries want negotiations and for bloodshed to stop, but he admits that they don't have a common solution. Obama, however, said he has a "different perspective" to Russia on how to stop the violence in Syria. During talks at the summit, Putin and Obama discussed their opposing views on Syria, particularly on arming the opposition forces, and on the use of chemical weapons. Putin called the U.S. decision to arm the Syrian opposition fighters as "illegal" while Obama defended it, saying that the U.S. has a duty to help the Syrian people. Putin criticized the West for helping the opposition in Syria, saying it is like arming "terrorists," and questioned the source of the opposition funding. Obama, meanwhile, argued that Assad's regime had used chemical weapons in the conflict, and that the use of such weapons was a "red line" that would require a military response. He also expressed concern about Hezbollah's involvement in the conflict, and how that could escalate the civil war in Syria. Although the two leaders differed in their opinions on the Syrian crisis, they did agree on one thing: a desire for negotiations and, ultimately, an end to the conflict. Putin called for the international community to work together to bring about a ceasefire in Syria, and to create the conditions for a political solution to the crisis. Obama echoed this sentiment, and added that the use of chemical weapons was a "game changer" that made it even more important to find a peaceful resolution to the conflict. The summit was also marked by protests and demonstrations, particularly over the issue of taxation and austerity measures. British Prime Minister David Cameron, who hosted the summit, urged protestors to "take it down a volume," and argued that tax agreements reached at the summit would help fight tax evasion and ensure a more level playing field for businesses. In addition to discussions on the Syrian crisis, the G8 leaders also focused on the global economy and issues of trade, transparency and taxation. They agreed to take action against tax evasion and to increase transparency in the business world, particularly in the mining industry. Overall, while the G8 summit may not have achieved a concrete solution to the crisis in Syria, it did serve as an important platform for leaders to voice their differing opinions and to work towards a common goal of finding a peaceful resolution to the conflict.