article: By . John Stevens . PUBLISHED: . 19:59 EST, 14 June 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 19:59 EST, 14 June 2013 . Rowers at Cambridge University have been accused of killing three-week-old ducklings with their oars during their ‘May Bumps’ college races. The annual traditional event on the River Cam sees undergraduate crews from rival colleges trying to catch the boat ahead by bumping it. But local residents have complained that the boats have been ploughing through groups of young ducks. Sad: Student rowers at Cambridge University have been accused of killing ducklings . Lee Culley, 44, who lives in a boat on the river claims he witnessed at least two ducklings being killed during one race. He also said he has spotted other dead birds and a mother looking for her missing young.‘It was absolutely disgusting,’ he said. ‘They just sped through even though I shouted to them, warning them about the ducks. ‘They just kept on going and their blades went through the ducks and killed two. The ducks were only three weeks old. ‘Another one died the next day and the mother has none but keeps coming back to my boat looking for the brood. ‘I am worried about the other wildlife. We just don’t have that much of it left on the river because there are just too many rowers.’ The May Bumps were this year held over three days from Wednesday to yesterday (FRI). Careful: Cambridge University have said every effort is made so as to not harm wildlife . Cambridge University Combined Boat Clubs, which runs the event, said: ‘Every effort is being made to mitigate disturbance to wildlife and to keep ducks and other waterfowl out of the way of racing boats. ‘Indeed, the start of the men’s second division on Wednesday night was delayed by 15 minutes while a family of ducks were guided out of harm’s way. ‘We are very sorry to hear of the incident Mr Culley apparently witnessed and will be briefing stewards to be extra vigilant. ‘The rowing community, the Cam Conservators residential boaters and Cambridge Animal Rights have met and formed the Cam River Users Group (CRUG) to discuss the issues surrounding river use and wildlife.’ ‘Bumping’ started in the 1820s as a way that crews from a number of colleges could race at the same time on the narrow river. Rather than race side-by-side, the crews are spread down a stretch of the river with one and a half boat lengths (about 90 feet) of clear water between them. The object of ‘bumping’ is to catch up and bump into the crew in front, without being caught from behind.
highlights: Residents say boats 'ploughed through' groups of young ducks . One man says he tried to warn rowers of ducks in their path . Cambridge University say every effort is made so as to not harm wildlife .
id: e545b1263423d0708fcdeecb7d4eaea5ccf4e54c
chatgpt: Residents living close to the River Cam in Cambridge have voiced their concerns after boats were seen "ploughing through" groups of young ducks. According to witnesses, boats belonging to Cambridge University and other rowing teams were involved in the incidents. One resident, who did not want to be named, stated that he had tried to warn the rowers of the ducks in their path but his efforts were ignored. "It was heartbreaking to see the young ducks being hit by the boats," he said. "They didn't stand a chance." Another resident, who also wished to remain anonymous, stated that this was not an isolated incident. "This has been happening for years," she said. "The river is a natural habitat for ducks and other wildlife, and it's important that they are protected." Cambridge University, which has a strong rowing tradition, has responded to the accusations by stating that every effort is made to ensure that wildlife is not harmed during rowing activities. A spokesperson for the university stated that there were strict rules in place which prohibit rowing crews from interfering with wildlife on the river. "The safety of both our rowers and the wildlife on the river is of utmost importance to us," the spokesperson said. "We take these allegations very seriously and will be working closely with our rowing clubs to investigate and address the situation." The spokesperson also highlighted the university's commitment to protecting wildlife in the area, stating that they have been working closely with local authorities and environmental experts to create a sustainable habitat for wildlife on the river. Despite this, residents are calling for greater measures to be taken to ensure the safety of the wildlife on the river. Some have suggested that boats should be slowed down in areas where wildlife is prevalent, whilst others have called for a designated wildlife corridor to be created. Local authorities have expressed their willingness to work with both Cambridge University and residents to find a suitable solution. "The welfare of wildlife on the river is incredibly important," said a spokesperson for the local council. "We will be working closely with all parties to ensure that the necessary steps are taken to protect them." With rowing events on the River Cam set to continue throughout the summer months, it remains to be seen what measures will be taken to protect the wildlife on the river. However, it is clear that residents and wildlife activists will be keeping a close eye on the situation in the coming weeks and months.