article: Garry Monk has described his old pal and mentor Brendan Rodgers as the ‘perfect man’ to lead Liverpool, calling him an ‘inspiration’. That affection will be temporarily forgotten on Monday evening when Liverpool host Swansea at Anfield. But such is the friendship between Rodgers and the former defender he managed at Swansea, the Liverpool boss has agreed to let Monk’s side use their Melwood training ground before next Saturday’s FA Cup tie at Tranmere. VIDEO Scroll down to see Brendan Rodgers speak of his relationship with Garry Monk . Garry Monk has praised his friend and mentor Brendan Rodgers as an inspiration ahead of Swansea's visit to Liverpool in the Premier League on Monday evening . Rodgers has allowed Monk and Swansea to use Liverpool's Melwood training ground to prepare ahead of their FA Cup third round tie at Tranmere Rovers in January . Monk said: ‘We have Liverpool, a game against QPR and then Tranmere away in the Cup. After we play QPR we travel straight to Liverpool and I asked if we can use the facilities there. He said 'yes'. ‘He is a fantastic manager and a person I look up to. We chat regularly about football and everything. It is something I aspire to, with what he has done in his career. ‘He was at Reading and Watford and here and within a couple of years was managing Liverpool. He is an inspiration to someone like myself.’ The tables have turned somewhat, with Swansea leading Liverpool in the standings. Monk has vastly exceeded expectations in his first season as permanent manager, while Rodgers has endured a tough time. Swansea celebrate Gylfi Sigurdsson's winning goal in their Boxing Day match with Aston Villa . Raheem Sterling marks his winning goal for Liverpool at Burnley on Boxing Day . But there has been a recent upturn, with Monk saying: ‘Brendan is one of the most mentally strong people I know. He is the perfect man for that job. ‘Every manager will go through difficult moments — I know I will — and he is coming through it and producing good results and the team are playing a lot better,’ he added.
highlights: Garry Monk has praised old friend Brendan Rodgers ahead of Anfield trip . Liverpool host Swansea City on Monday evening in the Premier League . Monk called Rodgers an 'inspiration' and the 'perfect man' for Liverpool . Rodgers has allowed Swansea to use Melwood to train ahead of Cup tie .
id: 94c6c79098a81707238339adc6fea2689bebbc05
chatgpt: Swansea City manager, Garry Monk has praised his old friend Brendan Rodgers ahead of their trip to Anfield on Monday evening for the highly anticipated Premier League clash between Liverpool and Swansea. Monk, who was a player under Rodgers during their time at Swansea, called his former boss an "inspiration" and "the perfect man" for Liverpool. The duo has remained friends since their time together in South Wales and Monk revealed that he still keeps in touch with Rodgers to discuss football matters. "Brendan is an inspiration to me and I think he is the perfect man for Liverpool. He has the personality, the charisma, the knowledge and the experience to take Liverpool back to where they belong," said Monk. Despite being rivals on Monday night, Rodgers has allowed Swansea to use their training facilities at Melwood ahead of their upcoming cup tie. Monk has thanked Rodgers for the gesture and revealed that it will greatly benefit his team. "It's a fantastic gesture by Brendan and Liverpool to allow us to use their training facilities. It will give us an opportunity to prepare for our upcoming cup tie and it shows the level of respect and mutual understanding between our two clubs," added Monk. The Swansea City manager has also spoken about the importance of the game on Monday evening as his side looks to continue their good form in the league. Swansea is currently sitting ninth in the Premier League table with three wins and two draws from their opening six games. "We know it's going to be a tough game but we are prepared to give our all. We are confident in our ability as a team and we will try to play our game and get a positive result," said Monk. Liverpool, on the other hand, is currently struggling to find their form this season having only won one game out of their opening six. Brendan Rodgers and his team will be looking to turn things around quickly and get back to winning ways. The game promises to be an exciting encounter with two teams who like to play attacking football. Both managers have shared their mutual admiration for each other and it will be interesting to see how their relationship plays out on the pitch. As the kick-off approaches, all eyes will be on Anfield as Liverpool and Swansea City prepare for what could be a thrilling encounter.