article: By . James Chapman . David Cameron has asked Boris Johnson to help ‘reach parts of the electorate other Tories can’t’ in secret talks on the general election campaign. The London Mayor – who yesterday appeared with Darcey Bussell on the South Bank in yet another slightly absurd photo opportunity – is understood to have agreed to play a leading role next year. The two men, seen as the Conservative Party’s biggest rivals, made their peace over lunch at the Prime Minister’s country residence, Chequers. Here goes: Boris Johnson grabs Darcey for a dance on the South Bank in London yesterday . Mr Johnson will focus his campaigning efforts in London, which he has won twice as Mayor in the face of a strong Labour challenge, and in northern marginal seats. He will also target first-time voters, aged between 18 and 22, among whom he is popular, according to party strategists. Mr Johnson has yet to make up his mind about whether to return to Parliament in 2015, as Mr Cameron and Chancellor George Osborne have urged – publicly at least. But his agreement to return to the national political scene, regardless of whether or not he runs for a seat in Westminster, will electrify next year’s election race. One step at a time: Boris copies Darcey Bussell's moves during the photoshoot . Despite their rivalry, Mr Johnson’s skills as a frontman are highly rated by both Mr Cameron and the Tories’ Australian campaign chief Lynton Crosby, who helped him win in London. The Mayor demonstrated his ability to get away with the most unorthodox campaigning techniques yesterday in an appearance with Strictly Come Dancing star Darcey Bussell and a group of Bolivian folk dancers. London Mayor Boris Johnson boards one of the first trains of the new London Overground extension connecting Clapham Junction with Canada Water in December 2012 . Boris Johnson, is joined by members of the armed forces and volunteers raising money for London Poppy Day, as he launches the annual event by firing a gun salute in front of Armoury House, at The Honourable Artillery Company, Armoury House, in November 2013 . London Mayor Boris Johnson kissing saltwater crocodile George, at Darwin International Airport, Australia . The London Mayor enthusiastically joined in Miss Bussell’s moves on the South Bank to promote an initiative called the Big Dance, which aims to get people fit through dancing. Mr Johnson’s ability to emerge from even the most outlandish photo opportunity with his reputation intact – or even enhanced – is seen as crucial to his appeal by Tory strategists. In their Chequers meeting, thought to have taken place two weekends ago, Mr Cameron and Mr Johnson also agreed that they should make more joint appearances.
highlights: London Mayor has 'agreed to play a leading role in the general election' It is believed he can help 'reach parts of the electorate other Tories can't' Yesterday Boris appeared with dancer Darcey Bussell on the South Bank .
id: 5be9b6b83b90de0b4ef9b73f1a49b47398f3aff2
chatgpt: London Mayor Sadiq Khan has announced that he will take a leading role in the upcoming general election. With his popularity among young and diverse voters, Khan has been identified as a key player in reaching out to parts of the electorate that other Tories may not be able to connect with. Khan's decision to play a more active role in the elections comes as Boris Johnson, the Conservative Party's front runner for the prime minister's position, was seen on the South Bank with famous dancer Darcey Bussell yesterday. The mayor, it seems, is ready to respond to the challenge. His popularity among young and ethnically diverse voters makes Sadiq Khan a valuable asset to the Labour Party, particularly in London where he has been successful in engaging with a wide cross-section of the population. Speaking about his role in the upcoming election, Khan stated that he was "delighted" to play a leading role during the campaign. "I believe that we need a Labour government that will stand up for Londoners and deliver real change for our city," he said. "I will be working hard to ensure that our message reaches as many people as possible and that we secure a Labour victory on election day." Khan's decision to take a more active role in the election campaign has been welcomed by the Labour leadership. A spokesperson for the party said that they were "delighted" to have the mayor on board and believed that he would play a key role in securing a Labour government. Meanwhile, Boris Johnson continues to make headlines with his campaign to become the next prime minister. His appearance on the South Bank with Darcey Bussell sparked a flurry of interest from the media, with journalists eager to uncover any hints of his plans for the country should he be elected. Despite being the favourite to win the Conservative leadership race, Johnson has faced criticism over his lack of detail on key issues such as Brexit and healthcare. Critics have also questioned his suitability for the role of prime minister, with some arguing that his career has been marked by a lack of attention to detail and a tendency to make offensive remarks. With the Labour Party looking to shift the focus of the election onto the issues that matter to voters, Sadiq Khan's role in the campaign is likely to be a significant one. As a popular and influential figure in British politics, it is hoped that he can help to mobilise voters and deliver a Labour victory on election day.