article: (CNN) -- Manchester United secured their first victory in this season's UEFA Champions League with an unconvincing 2-0 victory against Romanian side Otelul Galati at The National Stadium in Bucharest. After a tepid first period the game burst into life in the second half with a string of penalties and red cards following a handball by the Galati defender Sergiu Costin. Wayne Rooney scored from the penalty spot but the relief was short lived. Two minutes later, Manchester United's Serbian center back Nemanja Vidic was harshly sent off for a high tackle on Gabriel Giurgiu. Galati pushed on but failed to make their numerical supremacy count, with Bratislav Punosevic guilty of missing the target when found unmarked in front of goal. A second red card was flashed, this time for the Romanian side, when Milan Perendija picked up a second yellow card. Deep in injury time Rooney was tripped in the Galati box and awarded a second penalty which he duly dispatched. It was a far from convincing performance from Manchester United, who now sit second in Group C, two points behind Portugal's Benfica who beat Basel 2-0 in Switzerland. "We didn't have the penetration first half," coach Alex Ferguson told the cameras after the game. "[Wayne Rooney showed] Composure with his two penalties, he took them well." He was less convinced by Nemanja Vidic's red card. "He's raised his foot and in the context of the interpretation [of the rules] I can see why he [the referee] has given it," he admitted. "But it's very harsh." Manchester City kept up appearances with the neighbors after they too secured their first UEFA Champions League win. City have found life harder in the Champions League compared to the English Premier League - where they are currently top - and soon fell behind to Spanish side Villarreal after Ruben Cani scored within four minutes. A Villarreal own goal leveled the match but Sergio Aguero scored with virtually the last kick of the match to keep City in touch with Group A leaders Bayern Munich, who drew 1-1 with Napoli . Real Madrid continued their perfect start to their Group D campaign by thumping French side Lyon 4-0. Karim Benzema scored against his old club before Sami Khedira, Mesut Ozil and Sergio Ramos completed the rout. With Madrid all but through to the next round Ajax gave their chances of finishing second a boost with a 2-0 victory against Dinamo Zagreb in Croatia. Group B, on the other hand, is much harder to predict. Troubled Inter Milan went top after beating French side Lille on the road thanks to a first half Giampaolo Pazzini strike. Meanwhile CSKA Moscow beat Turkish side Trabzonspor 3-0. But only four points separate top from bottom at the half way stage.
highlights: Manchester United beat Romanian side Otelul Galati 2-0 . Wayne Rooney scored two penalties to secure Man Utd's first Champions League win this season . Real Madrid thumped Lyon 4-0 . Manchester City score a 90th minute winner to beat Villarreal .
id: 7ec9203b2f7cdd1e850955039652f50ccfc30cdb
chatgpt: Manchester United secured a much-needed victory in the Champions League with a 2-0 victory over Romanian side Otelul Galati. Wayne Rooney was the hero for United, scoring two penalties to secure the three points.  The English champions had struggled in Europe this season, with two draws and a defeat in their opening three games leaving them with just two points from a possible nine. However, the win over Otelul Galati has lifted United's hopes of qualifying for the knockout stages of the competition.  Rooney opened the scoring in the 64th minute, converting from the penalty spot after Antonio Valencia was brought down in the box. The England striker doubled United's advantage in the 92nd minute with another spot-kick, after he was fouled by Andrei Marc.  The victory was United's first in this year's Champions League campaign and moved them up to second in Group C, behind leaders Benfica. Sir Alex Ferguson's team will take on the Portuguese side in their next game, knowing that a win will see them through to the knockout stages.  It was a different story for Manchester City, who also won in the Champions League on Wednesday but left it late to do so. In a dramatic finish, City scored a 90th minute winner to secure a 2-1 victory over Villarreal.  The Spanish side took the lead in the 4th minute through Cani, but City equalised in the second half through Carlos Tevez. The game looked to be heading for a draw until Sergio Aguero scored in the 90th minute to give City all three points.  The win moves City up to second in Group A, level on points with leaders Bayern Munich. Napoli are in third place, just two points behind City, meaning that the group is very much still up for grabs.  Elsewhere in the Champions League on Wednesday, Real Madrid thumped Lyon 4-0 in France. Cristiano Ronaldo scored twice for the Spanish giants, with Karim Benzema and Sami Khedira also on the scoresheet.  The victory was Real Madrid's third in a row in the competition and leaves them top of Group D, eight points clear of third-placed Ajax. The Dutch side were held to a 0-0 draw by Dinamo Zagreb on Wednesday.  Overall, it was a good night for the English clubs in the Champions League, with United and City both winning and Chelsea drawing 1-1 with Genk. The Blues remain top of Group E, but will be disappointed not to have secured all three points against the Belgian side.  The Champions League takes a break for a couple of weeks now, with the next round of fixtures taking place on November 22-23. Manchester United will take on Benfica, Manchester City will face Napoli and Chelsea will travel to Belgium again to take on Genk.