article: (CNN) -- War and humor make strange bedfellows, but in the absurdity of Syria's nearly three-year civil war, one town has made laughter a form of resistance. From caricatures of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad with a skunk's body and chemical weapons smoking from his bottom to posters reading "Rebuilding houses takes some time, but humanizing ASSad can never happen" the northern town of Kafr Nabl has gained fame for its satirical portrayal of the conflict. "Laughter means life. We want to live and we need to live. We need to send a message to the world that we are human and we want to live," said Raed Fares, head of the opposition Kafr Nabl media center. In its latest comedic production, an amateur cast of activists, civilians and Free Syria Army rebels dressed like cavemen and mocked the inaction of the international community in a video called "Kafranbel: The Syrian Revolution in Three Minutes." "I thought it would be good to use cavemen because of the language. I don't need to translate or say anything; everybody all over the world can understand without talking," said Fares, who produced and directed the video. In the first two scenes, the cavemen demonstrate against al-Assad only to be killed first by gunfire then by TNT, but when the oppressors fire chemical weapons, previously uninterested bystanders representing the international community intervene to confiscate the gas. In the final scene, the killing continues sans chemical weapons and with approving thumps from the international community. "Something was very wrong with (President Barack) Obama's actions that he will strike Assad just to get rid of chemical weapons. It was like he was arresting the weapons and letting the criminal go free," Fares said. The media-savvy group received tens of thousands of views for its latest production and boasts a large audience on Facebook, where its members post pictures of the caustic placards carried in the group's weekly Friday demonstrations against the government. "I don't trust governments all over the world anymore. I trust people, so I try to touch the people all over the world and explain our revolution. That it's not like the regime keeps trying to show it like a civil war or a war against terrorism. We are humans who need our freedom and our dignity, but he killed us," Fares said.
highlights: Rebels in northern Syrian town chide al-Assad with satirical posters, videos . Leader says laughter shows world "we are human and we want to live" Latest video features civilians and Free Syria Army rebels dressed like cavemen .
id: b67909a108024a3096956e6b6b215ce4b22b43ac
chatgpt: In the northern Syrian town of Idlib, rebels are using humor and satire to mock President Bashar al-Assad's regime. The town, which has been in opposition-held territory since 2012, has become a hub for creative resistance, with artists and activists using their talents to criticize the government. One way rebels are getting their message across is through the use of satirical posters and videos. The latest video, which features civilians and members of the Free Syria Army dressed like cavemen, has been making waves on social media. In the video, the rebels are seen living in caves and using primitive tools to survive, all while poking fun at the regime's tactics. One of the leaders of the rebellion, who goes by the name of Abu Saif, says that using humor is an important way to show the world that "we are human and we want to live." He adds that laughter is a powerful tool against oppression and that it can help to uplift the spirits of those who are suffering under al-Assad's rule. The posters and videos may seem like frivolous forms of protest, but they are part of a broader strategy to keep the rebellion alive. With the Syrian government using brute force to suppress dissent, rebels have turned to more creative means of resistance. In addition to the use of humor, rebels in Idlib have also been using art to express their dissent. Graffiti murals can be found throughout the town, depicting scenes of the revolution and images of those who have been killed. The murals have become a way of remembering the sacrifices made by those who have fought for freedom. Despite the creativity of the opposition, the situation in Syria remains dire. The country has been torn apart by civil war since 2011, with an estimated 500,000 people killed and millions displaced. Al-Assad's regime continues to use brutal tactics to quell dissent, and the international community has largely failed to respond to the crisis. With no end in sight to the conflict, rebels in Idlib will likely continue to use humor and creativity as a means of survival. Though it may seem like a small act of defiance, the use of satire and art is a testament to the resilience and determination of those fighting for their freedom in Syria.