article: By . Ray Massey . PUBLISHED: . 19:47 EST, 27 September 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 10:07 EST, 29 September 2013 . Virgin Atlantic has had to review its flight crew rosters after a pilot told official watchdogs that he and his co-pilot were ‘suffering symptoms of severe fatigue’. However the Civil Aviation Authority had to apologise yesterday for initially giving an ‘incomplete’ account of the incident. The CAA have now expressed ‘regret’ for suggesting that both the pilot and co-pilot had been asleep at the same time. Virgin Atlantic admitted on Thursday that it was the carrier at the centre of the fatigue row . The captain and first officer were understood to have put the 325-seat plane on autopilot after reaching a cruising altitude of 30,000ft during a flight in August. They then took it in turns to have 20-minute bouts of rest as the flight returned to Manchester from Orlando, Florida. The CAA have expressed 'regret' for suggesting that both the pilot and co-pilot had been asleep at the same time . The captain and the co-pilot had only had five hours’ sleep in the previous 36 hours, they revealed in a safety report lodged with the CAA, Britain’s aviation regulator. The CAA said yesterday: ‘The airline is now taking steps to adjust its rostering arrangements for flight crew.’ Virgin Atlantic admitted on Thursday that it was the carrier at the centre of the fatigue row. But it denied categorically that both the pilot and co-pilot had been asleep ‘simultaneously’ on the packed long-haul flight. In an embarrassing climbdown, the CAA has now issued a ‘clarification’ saying that while ‘both pilots were concerned they were suffering symptoms of severe fatigue and took controlled rest separately, they did not fall asleep at the same time’. Virgin Atlantic said the two pilots concerned had flown in to New York and had been expecting a longer break. They were ‘tired but able to fly’ and well within legal limits, according to a Virgin spokesman, who added: ‘We’re pleased the CAA has apologised and rectified its error.’
highlights: CAA 'regrets' suggesting both pilot and co-pilot slept at the same time .
id: b2f4d0f435bc89dcfaaf2df6c2d09f0d07db738a
chatgpt: The Civil Aviation Authority (CAA) has expressed regret after suggesting that both pilot and co-pilot had slept at the same time during a flight. The statement was made on Wednesday during a hearing at the House of Commons Transport Select Committee. The allegation was made in the context of fatigue management in the industry, which has come under increase scrutiny in recent months. The committee was hearing evidence from industry experts on the issue when the CAA representative was questioned. The initial allegation was made by an anonymous source, who claimed that both pilots had slept during a flight from London to Glasgow in August 2019. The CAA was subsequently contacted and asked to comment on the allegation, at which point they appeared to confirm its veracity. However, following the hearing, the CAA issued a statement saying it regretted the suggestion and that "there is no evidence to support the anonymous allegation that both pilots were asleep at the same time". The statement went on to stress that flight crew are subject to rigorous testing and training to ensure they are able to operate aircraft safely and effectively. The issue of fatigue management in the aviation industry has become a hot topic in recent months, with concerns that long hours and demanding schedules are putting pilots at risk. In January, a report by the CAA, the British Airline Pilots' Association (BALPA), and other industry bodies highlighted concerns over pilot fatigue and called for greater regulation and oversight of airline schedules. The CAA's admission that it was wrong to suggest both pilots were asleep during a flight is likely to be welcomed by the industry. However, it is clear that there are still concerns among industry bodies and regulators over the issue of fatigue management. The Transport Select Committee is expected to publish a report on the issue later this year, which is likely to recommend a range of measures to address the problem. In the meantime, the aviation industry is continuing to grapple with the issue of fatigue management, with airlines and regulators working to find ways to ensure that pilots are able to operate safely and effectively without putting themselves and their passengers at risk. The CAA's admission that it was wrong to suggest both pilots slept during a flight is a reminder that vigilance is needed at all times to ensure the safety of aviation.