article: By . Joshua Gardner . PUBLISHED: . 09:54 EST, 3 February 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 12:07 EST, 3 February 2013 . A Super Bowl ad that was banned from Sunday night’s game can now be viewed by anyone online and the company behind it is reaping the benefits. SodaStream, which makes home water carbonators used to whip up homemade soda, directly challenged Coca-Cola and Pepsi in its commercial that was set to air in the fourth quarter. SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . No go: CBS banned a Super Bowl ad by SodaStream because it negatively portrayed big advertisers Coke and Pepsi . An aghast CBS saw the ad as a challenge to two behemoth advertisers and promptly banned it. 'Because SodaStream is a direct competitor of the Big Soda brands that tend to be ubiquitous during the Super Bowl,' SodaStream told The Huffington Post, 'the rejection of one of the company's proposed ads, which takes aim at Big Soda, is perhaps not surprising.' PR stir: Sodastream, which makes at-home soda makers, maintains they did not intend to stir up trouble with the ad . The ad pits a Coke and a Pepsi delivery driver against each other in a duelling banjos moment that culminates in both drivers’ merchandise exploding as a man opts for Soda Stream, instead. Uncola: The Isreali company has experienced this before, when a UK ad was banned, leading to record profits . It was reported banned on Friday. This is not an unusual occurrence. The biggest night in football draws a massive viewership and seconds-long ads can cost millions. But SodaStream claims they didn’t intend for their ad to be cancelled, as other advertisers have been doing for years to win some cheap PR. Forced to rework the commercial for air during Super Bowl XLVII, the original spot has now gone viral on the internet and Soda Stream has been rewarded with a mountain of publicity nonetheless. Despite their claims to innocence in the matter, this a path the company has gone down before. An ad intended for UK viewers was banned by the company Clearcast in November 2012 for the exact same issue when the broadcaster claimed the spot "denigrated other soft drinks." SodaStream subsequently posted its largest ever stock market gains. Prior to that, the company received a cease and desist demand from Coca-Cola after placing displays made out of used water bottles and soda cans that portrayed the company as wasteful in South Africa and elsewhere. It remains unclear if the Isreali company is intentionally culling publicity from its advertising misbehaviour. However, SodaStream will certainly win at least a few fans as the banned Super Bowl ad gains millions of free views on Youtube.
highlights: SodaStream ad took aim at Coke and Pepsi . The Israeli home soda maker company has run into problems for its commercials before .
id: b77f928ea5f666b3943fb488fe2c369e1883d1de
chatgpt: SodaStream, the Israeli home soda maker company, has once again taken aim at two of the biggest players in the soft drink industry, Coca-Cola and Pepsi, with its latest ad campaign. But their latest attempt is causing quite a stir in the advertising world. The ad, which features SodaStream's own soda maker as a better alternative to buying soda from Coke and Pepsi, has ruffled some feathers in the industry. Coca-Cola and Pepsi have both been struggling to keep up with changing consumer habits, and now it seems that they are starting to feel the heat. SodaStream has been praised for its innovative ad campaigns in the past, but it has also faced criticism for being too offensive. In fact, the company has faced numerous complaints in the UK due to its provocative approach to advertising. The latest ad campaign features a woman using a SodaStream to make her own soda, while the camera pans to an overflowing landfill site that is supposedly filled with discarded coke cans and pepsi bottles. The message is clear: buying soda from Coke and Pepsi is bad for the environment, and the solution is to make your own with a SodaStream machine. Some view the ad as clever marketing that highlights the negative impact that mass-produced soda has on the environment. Others say that it's just another example of SodaStream's offensive tactics to draw attention to their products. The Soft Drinks Association has spoken out against the ad, saying that it is "misleading" and "deceptive". They argue that the vast majority of soft drink containers in the UK are recycled, and that comparing the environmental impact of SodaStream to that of Coca-Cola and Pepsi is not valid. Despite the controversy, SodaStream's latest ad campaign has certainly ignited a discussion about the impact of soft drink production on the environment. With more and more consumers becoming concerned about their carbon footprint, SodaStream's message is certainly hitting home. But this is not the first time SodaStream has run into problems with its advertising. The company has faced legal action in the past for running ads that were deemed offensive or misleading. Last year, the UK Advertising Standards Authority banned a SodaStream ad that showed a mother-in-law entering a home carrying plastic bottles of soda, which were then replaced with SodaStream bottles. SodaStream has always been known for its quirky and unconventional advertising, but the latest ad campaign may have gone too far. While the company may have succeeded in drawing attention to its product, it has also caused controversy and offended some in the process. With the increasing importance of sustainable living, it's certainly a topic that will continue to be debated in the years to come.