article: Doubt may have been cast over Radamel Falcao's future at Manchester United but the Colombian striker appeared in good spirits after training on Wednesday. The 28-year-old pulled a double thumbs-up pose for a picture with a United fan and then retweeted the image after it was posted by the youngster on Twitter. Falcao also retweeted @jackfootball's following post, which exclaimed: 'Can't believe falcao looked more happier than me' accompanied by a crying with laughter emoticon. Radamel Falcao looks far from upset after posing for a picture with a young United fan . The Colombia international was said to be stunned when he was axed from United’s 18-man squad to face Southampton on Sunday after starting the previous five games, and held talks with Van Gaal at Carrington on Monday. It has raised serious doubts over United’s intention to go through with a permanent £52million deal, with Falcao’s agent Jorge Mendes admitting that the 28-year-old might have to go elsewhere for regular first-team football. ‘I don’t know (if he will stay),’ said Mendes. ‘He is a fantastic player and I think it’s very difficult for Manchester United fans. They have an absolutely brilliant player, one of the very best in the world, who would without any doubt play 90 minutes, every time, with any other club. The formely prolific striker has only managed three goals for United since arriving on an expensive loan . Falcao is reported to have held talks with Louis van Gaal after being left out of the squad to face Southampton . Juan Mata (right) posts a message wishing Victor Valdes happy birthday . ‘The truth is, now, we don’t know what will happen. What we do know is that he will play for one of the very best clubs in the world next season, whether that is Manchester United or not. I am 100 per cent sure of that. But you know how football works, we’ll see what happens.’ The former Atletico Madrid hitman should be included in United's squad to face QPR at the weekend with Robin van Persie sidelined by an ankle injury, although Falcao will have to make an immediate impression with the Dutchman only expected to be out for one game. Falcao expected to play against QPR at the weekend with Robin van Persie ruled out with an ankle injury .
highlights: Radamel Falcao's future has been cast into doubt after being dropped . Colombia star shared young Manchester United fan's picture on Twitter . Striker is hoping to play while Robin van Persie is sidelined with injury . Click here for Manchester United transfer news .
id: 96a85db727cd21c571f00b417fb427ee394cadf0
chatgpt: Radamel Falcao’s future at Manchester United is uncertain after the striker was dropped from the team amid poor form. The Colombian star’s hopes of securing a long-term stay at the club suffered a blow after he was left out of the starting line-up for the Red Devil’s game against Southampton on Monday night. Falcao’s exit from the club, on loan from Monaco, is becoming increasingly likely, with his dropping from the squad sparking fresh speculation about his future. There have been rumors that the 29-year-old could be heading to the Chinese Super League to team up with his former international teammate Jackson Martinez, who signed for Guangzhou Evergrande last month. Despite the uncertainty surrounding his future, Falcao showed his warm side outside the field by sharing a photo of a young Manchester United fan on Twitter. The tweet received a lot of attention from the United fan base, who appreciated the kind gesture. It is clear that Falcao is determined to prove his worth to Louis van Gaal at Manchester United, especially with the imminent return of Robin van Persie to the squad following an injury. The Dutchman's return could reduce Falcao’s playing time at the club, further damaging his chances of securing a permanent move to Old Trafford. At the moment, Manchester United is reportedly looking at several options to strengthen their striking department. The club has been linked with a number of high-profile names like Edinson Cavani and Harry Kane, though it is not yet clear if they will pursue any of these options in the January transfer window. Meanwhile, Falcao’s agent Jorge Mendes has claimed his client is happy at Manchester United and is determined to succeed at Old Trafford. However, with the striker struggling to make an impact on the pitch, it remains to be seen if he will be able to convince Van Gaal of his worth. In conclusion, Falcao's future at Manchester United remains up in the air following his disappointing form and recent omission from the starting line-up. While his social media activity shows his desire to connect with United fans, it remains to be seen if the Colombian will be able to make a lasting impact on the pitch and secure a permanent move to Old Trafford. United fans will be hoping for some positive developments in the coming days and weeks. Stay tuned for more Manchester United transfer news by clicking here.