article: Most of us would turn and run when faced with an erupting volcano. But one intrepid photographer has trekked right up to a molten lava spewing crater in search of the perfect shot. Miles Morgan was just one metre away from the source of the eruptions when he took some of these incredible images of Kilauea Volcano in Hawaii. Scroll Down for Video . Photographer Miles Morgan captures the Lava flow from the Kilauea Volcano . The 42-year-old - who burned his feet while taking the shots, said: 'On this outing we were able to access the beach, which made for some dramatic photography, but came with a surprise. 'I wasn't too concerned as some bigger waves started to crash onto the beach area. But the water rushed in above my knees, it was scalding hot.' Lava flow from the Kilauea Volcano enters the sea south of Kalapana in Big Island, Hawaii . The Kilauea Volcano is one of the most active volcanos in the world and has been erupting constantly for the last 20 years. But Mr Morgan was determined to get as close as possible for his shots. He added: "At times, it was possible to get right up to the flow itself if the wind was blowing the plume away from us. Mr Morgan tries to get as close as possible to capture his shots, but admits that he doesn't tell his family until he gets back from his adventures . The Kilauea Volcano is one of the most active volcanos in the world and has been erupting constantly for the last 20 years . 'The closest I got was probably about one metre, which required me to run away each time a wave hit the lava in case there was an explosion.' Mr Morgan, from Portland, Oregon, USA, was not injured while taking his images but admits another photographer was lost and is thought to have been killed just a week before he took these shots. Taking the amazing up-close photos of a raging volcano left Mr Morgan with burned feet . Miles Morgan was just one metre away from the source of the irruptions when he took some of these incredible images . Mr Morgan trekked right up to the crater to get the best possible images of the active volcano as it spewed its molten lava . He said:'The most probable cause would be that a portion of the lava bench that builds out over the sea collapsed while he was on it.' The photographer, who also works as an airline pilot, said his wife supported his adventures, but admits he usually hides his expeditions from other family until afterwards. He added: 'Things change every second, so timing the shots and the waves is a constant battle. 'The most important challenge, was not allowing yourself to become so hypnotised by the lava that you lose sight of the very real and ever-present dangers that surround you.'
highlights: Miles Morgan trekked as close to the crater as possible to take the pictures . The ground was so hot that the photographer burned his feet on the shoot . Admitted that he does not tell his family the risks he takes until he is home .
id: 435314b763d5cc19d08b5835e16cc0bdc6991601
chatgpt: Renowned photographer Miles Morgan risked serious injury to capture stunning images of an active volcano, venturing as close to the crater as possible to achieve his creative vision. However, as he recently revealed in an interview, the shoot was not without its perils. Morgan was on assignment to document a volcanic eruption in a remote part of the world. The photographer was determined to get as close as he could to capture the explosion up close, and he didn't let the searing heat of the ground stop him. In fact, he was so focused on getting the perfect shot that he burned the soles of his feet. Despite the danger, Morgan insisted he was fully prepared and equipped for the venture. “I knew what I was getting into,” he said. “I had the right gear to protect myself, but the heat from the ground was intense. It was like walking on hot coals, and it was a real challenge to stay focused on the shoot while trying not to get burned.” Morgan's images are a testament to the dedication and skill of this talented photographer, who has a long history of capturing breathtaking moments in nature. The images offer a dramatic glimpse of the eruption, showcasing the fiery orange lava and ash clouds that billowed into the air. Despite the success of the shoot, there are those who question the wisdom of risking injury for the sake of art. But Morgan says that the thrill of the adventure and the challenge of getting the perfect shot was impossible to resist. “I love what I do, and I love capturing these amazing moments in nature. It’s a risk, but it’s a risk I’m willing to take to get these incredible images,” he said. For many people, the idea of taking such risks on the job would be unnerving, if not outright frightening. But for Morgan, it's just part of the job. He admits that he doesn't always share the details of his risky ventures with his family until he's safely returned home. "I don't want to worry them unnecessarily," he said. "I always take the necessary precautions and I'm careful, but I don't want them to be afraid every time I go out on a shoot." Despite the risks and the challenges, Morgan's images offer a glimpse into the powerful beauty and stark danger of the natural world. His work continues to inspire and amaze, showcasing the incredible majesty of our planet at its most awe-inspiring.