article: New York (CNN) -- Four people have been charged in connection with a fight between fans caught on camera at an NFL game on Sunday, including the woman who was seen in the video being punched in the face, according to police. Amanda MacDowell, 25; Jaclyn Nugent, 26; David James Sacco, 28; and Kurt Paschke, 38, were all charged with simple assault and disorderly conduct on Tuesday, according to a statement released by New Jersey State Police. In a video of the incident that was posted on YouTube and Deadspin.com, MacDowell, Nugent and Sacco were seen getting into a verbal argument with Paschke inside MetLife Stadium in East Rutherford, New Jersey, during Sunday's New York Jets vs. New England Patriots game, police said. MacDowell and Nugent then began kicking and punching Paschke in the body and head. After the video of the incident was posted online, it quickly made headlines. A commentator on Deadspin said the fight started over a rivalry between the fans of the opposing teams. The Jets won the game 30-27. MacDowell, Nugent and Sacco, all from Massachusetts, are seen in the video wearing Patriots colors: red, white and blue. Paschke, a New York resident, was wearing a Jets jersey. "Even a quick review of the video and just talking to a couple witnesses, you can see Kurt was defending himself and (he)shouldn't have been charged at all and certainly won't be convicted," said Paschke's lawyer, Bruce Barket. MacDowell and Sacco could not be reached for comment. A family member of Nugent said she did not have a comment. Paschke was convicted in 1995 of negligent homicide after fatally stabbing 17-year-old Henry Ferrer in a fight behind a pizzeria, according to records from the Suffolk County District Attorney's office. Paschke served three years and was placed on parole. He has been arrested twice since then, both times for disorderly conduct, records showed. He is now a Long Island bartender. Colleen Paschke told CNN affiliate WCBS that her son was "set up by a white supremacy group, and unfortunately, he ended up taking the blame for the stabbing of another youth." The video of the football game incident shows Paschke being pulled away from a fight. A blond woman then steps forward to confront him, and Paschke punches her on the left side of her head. Police say that Paschke punched Nugent in the face. In the video, it also appears that a bystander hit Paschke in response. "We are aware of the situation and we do not tolerate that behavior," a Jets spokesman said. "Parties involved were detained and this matter is now in the hands of the New Jersey State Police." CNN's Jillian Martin, Leslie Bentz and Lorenzo Ferrigno contributed to this report.
highlights: Two women, two men charged with simple assault, disorderly conduct, police say . Four accused of fighting at Sunday game at MetLife Stadium . Three were in Patriots' colors, one in a Jets jersey, video from incident shows .
id: 80da2d5c4a5853336c46595141c709936d020ecb
chatgpt: On Sunday, four individuals were charged with simple assault and disorderly conduct after a physical altercation broke out at MetLife Stadium during a game between the New England Patriots and the New York Jets. According to police reports, the altercation involved two women and two men, with three of them identified as wearing Patriots clothing and one wearing a Jets jersey. The incident was caught on camera and showed the four individuals brawling in the stands. The individuals were quickly apprehended by stadium security and handed over to the police. They were charged with simple assault and disorderly conduct, both of which are misdemeanors under New Jersey law. The incident has sparked criticism from both Patriots and Jets fans, with many expressing their disappointment at the behavior of some attendees at football games. The National Football League has released a statement condemning the behavior and calling for better sportsmanship among fans. This is not the first time that violent incidents have occurred at NFL games. In recent years, there have been numerous reports of brawls and altercations breaking out in stadiums across the country. The NFL has implemented various measures to prevent such incidents, including increasing the number of security personnel at games. In addition to the charges of simple assault and disorderly conduct, the individuals involved in Sunday's incident are also likely to face sanctions from the NFL. The league has a strict code of conduct for players and fans alike, and those who violate it can face fines, suspensions, or other penalties. The incident is a reminder that sports should be a source of unity and enjoyment, not a platform for violent behavior or conflict. Fans of all teams should be able to come together to celebrate the game and support their respective players without engaging in physical altercations. As the NFL and other sports organizations continue to grapple with issues of fan behavior and security, it is important for fans to remember that their actions have consequences. Fans who engage in violent or disruptive behavior not only put themselves at risk of legal penalties and sanctions, but also tarnish the reputation of the sport and diminish the experience for other attendees. As investigations into Sunday's incident continue, it is hoped that the four individuals involved will be held accountable for their actions and that steps will be taken to prevent similar incidents in the future. The NFL and other sports organizations have a responsibility to ensure that games are safe and enjoyable for all participants, and it is up to fans to uphold that standard through their behavior and conduct.