article: Football has its first £1 billion man – but it’s not Beckham, Messi or Ronaldo. The Mail on Sunday can reveal him to be ‘super-agent’ Jorge Mendes, who has masterminded transfers worth an eye-watering £1,068,370,548 over the course of his career. Portuguese Mendes, 48, a former nightclub owner who became a football agent 18 years ago, has negotiated £208.5 million worth of signings in the last two months alone. Scroll down for video . Jorge Mendes (pictured left) with Radamel Falcao (pictured right) has masterminded transfers worth more than £1bn over the course of his 18-year career as a football agent . With a typical ‘take’ of ten per cent commission per deal, the friend and adviser to Cristiano Ronaldo and Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho will have pocketed more than £20 million in this summer’s transfer window, and more than £100 million in commissions during his career. That figure doesn’t even take into account his earnings from the £6 million deadline-day loan fee paid by Manchester United to Monaco for striker Radamel Falcao. The transfer could eventually cost United £51.3 million – bringing another big pay day for Mendes. The power broker, who speaks five languages and has four mobile phones, is hailed by Ronaldo as a ‘fair and honest man’ who he trusts ‘completely’. The figure doesn’t even take into account his earnings from the £6 million deadline-day loan fee paid by Manchester United to Monaco for striker Radamel Falcao (pictured right) Mendes oversaw two of the summer’s three biggest transfers – of Angel di Maria from Real Madrid to Manchester United, and James Rodriguez from Monaco to Real Madrid . Chelsea manager Mourinho says Mendes encourages players to ‘respect their commitments’ to clubs, while former Manchester United boss Sir Alex Ferguson says Mendes is ‘the best agent I dealt with, without a doubt’. Mendes oversaw two of the summer’s three biggest transfers – of Angel di Maria from Real Madrid to Manchester United, and James Rodriguez from Monaco to Real Madrid. The son of a gas plant worker, Mendes grew up in Lisbon and had a modest career as a semi-professional footballer before running a nightclub and then becoming an agent. He now has 58 names on his client list.
highlights: Jorge Mendes, 48, has overseen transfers worth £1bn in his 18-year career . Portuguese Mendes has negotiated £208.5m in the last two months alone . That figure does not even take into account his earnings from the £6 million loan fee paid by Manchester United to Monaco for  Radamel Falcao . He masterminded the transfers of Angel di Maria from Real Madrid to Manchester United, and James Rodriguez from Monaco to Real Madrid .
id: 43be630a3fdb4b18449699cc9fc80eb253d472ab
chatgpt: Jorge Mendes, a well-known Portuguese football agent, has been making waves in the football transfer market recently. In his 18-year career, Mendes has overseen transfers worth a staggering £1bn, and this summer has seen him negotiate deals worth £208.5m in just the last two months alone. These impressive figures do not even include Mendes' earnings from the £6 million loan fee paid by Manchester United to Monaco for the transfer of Radamel Falcao. It's clear that Mendes is a man who knows how to maximise his profits when it comes to transfers. But it's not just about making money for Mendes; he's also masterminded some of the biggest transfers in recent years. His notable clients include Cristiano Ronaldo, Jose Mourinho, and Diego Costa, to name just a few. He's also the man responsible for Angel di Maria's move from Real Madrid to Manchester United, as well as James Rodriguez's transfer from Monaco to Real Madrid. Mendes' influence in the football world is undeniable, so much so that he has been nicknamed "The Super Agent." He's a man who knows how to get results and can get top players to sign on the dotted line.  Mendes' success is not just about his business acumen, but also about the strong relationships he's built with clubs and players. His ability to negotiate favourable deals has earned him a reputation as one of the most powerful figures in the football world. Despite his success, there are some who question his motives and whether he has too much power in the sport. Critics argue that his involvement in multiple deals creates a conflict of interest, but Mendes has always maintained that his clients come first. Regardless of any controversy, it's clear that Mendes' influence will continue to be felt in the football world for years to come. His ability to make deals happen and attract top talent makes him an invaluable asset to players and clubs alike, and his reputation as "The Super Agent" is unlikely to fade anytime soon.