article: Interstellar director Christopher Nolan has revealed that he does not use basic day-to-day technology - because he 'can't be bothered' His £105m space epic took audiences on a breathtaking ride into outer space and even helped spawn scientific discoveries. But Christopher Nolan, the visionary filmmaker behind the sci-fi spectacular Interstellar, has revealed he does not use basic day-to-day technology - because he 'couldn't be bothered'. The British director, who also directed Inception and the Dark Knight trilogy, opts not to have email because he does not believe it 'would help me with anything I'm doing'. Nor does he own a mobile phone - which he says gives him time 'to think'. He told the Hollywood Reporter: 'Well, I’ve never used email because I don’t find it would help me with anything I’m doing. I just couldn’t be bothered about it. 'As far as the cellphone goes... I’m never two feet from a cellphone. 'It’s very easy to get in touch with me when people need to. I actually really like not having one because it gives me time to think. 'You know, when you have a smartphone and you have 10 minutes to spare, you go on it and you start looking at stuff.' The 44-year-old also told how few people had mobile phones when he moved to Los Angeles to start making films in 1997. He said: 'I've been very fortunate to be working continuously, so there's always someone around me who can tap me on the shoulder and hand me a phone if they need to.' The director of the Batman films - which are packed with gadgets - has previously referred to mobile phones as 'just toys for grown-ups'. Warner Bros did previously assign Nolan with an email address but he only realised several years later - by which time there were thousands of messages in the inbox. Interstellar, which has taken £426m globally, stars Anne Hathaway (left) and Matthew McConaughey (right) He has since made the studio close the account. Interstellar has so far taken £426m around the world. The master storyteller wrote the screenplay for the film with his younger brother Jonathan a decade after they first won acclaim for their dark reboot of the Batman franchise. It stars Matthew McConaughey, Anne Hathaway and Michael Caine.
highlights: Christopher Nolan, 44, does not believe having email would help his work . British director says that living without a phone gives him time to think . Interstellar, a sci-fi space epic, has so far taken £426m around the world .
id: 198d55e5ab300f61ddbe16f5e50136704c7f71c6
chatgpt: British director Christopher Nolan, known for his blockbusters such as The Dark Knight and Inception, has revealed that he doesn't believe having an email address would benefit his work. In an interview with The Guardian, the 44-year-old filmmaker explained that he enjoys living without a phone as it gives him more time to think. Nolan is currently basking in the success of his latest creation, Interstellar, a sci-fi space epic that has grossed £426m around the world so far. The director, who is known for his love of practical effects and dislike of CGI, spent five years bringing the film to life. "I've never had an email address," Nolan told The Guardian. "I just couldn't be bothered with it." When asked if having an email address would make his work easier, Nolan replied, "I'm not sure it would. I think I'd spend more time checking it than doing actual work." Nolan has made a name for himself in Hollywood by bringing complex, mind-bending stories to the big screen. His films often require intense attention from viewers, with multiple layers of plot and meaning to unpack. For Nolan, the key to creating such stories lies in having time to think, something he believes is becoming increasingly rare in our modern, constantly-connected world. "I don't have a phone either," Nolan said. "I find it very peaceful not to have one. You're not waiting for it to ring or beep or vibrate. It's just you and your thoughts." Despite his lack of email and phone, Nolan manages to stay busy. He is currently in pre-production on his next film, Tenet, which is rumored to involve time travel and will star John David Washington and Robert Pattinson. Fans of Nolan's work will no doubt be eagerly anticipating Tenet's release, but for now, they can still catch Interstellar in theaters and marvel at the director's incredible ability to craft mind-bending stories that keep audiences on the edge of their seats.