article: By . Daily Mail Reporter and Associated Press . PUBLISHED: . 00:13 EST, 30 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 04:57 EST, 30 October 2013 . A new, smaller version of NASA's space shuttle is now recuperating from a rough first landing. The Dream Chaser space plane is vying to carry astronauts to and from the International Space Station in four or five more years. Designed by Sierra Nevada Corp., the Nevada-based company tested a full-scale model at Edwards Air Force Base in California on Saturday. Scroll down for video . Look familiar? The new, smaller version of NASA's shuttle needs some more work before it's ready for space . A helicopter dropped the unmanned craft from 12,500 feet in a first free flight reminiscent of NASA's drop tests of the shuttle prototype Enterprise in the 1970s. Everything worked well for the automated Dream Chaser model until the end, when the left landing gear deployed too late and the test vehicle skidded off the runway. Company space systems chief Mark Sirangelo said Tuesday that damage was minor. The left gear was still attached and the tire wasn't even shredded, he said. The crew cabin area was unscathed and astronauts would have been uninjured, he said. Dream for the future: Everything worked well for the automated Dream Chaser model (seen in an earlier photo) until the end, when the left landing gear deployed too late and the test vehicle skidded off the runway . The flight computers never stopped working, and nothing critical was damaged. Sirangelo stressed that the minute-long test flight was a success despite the ending. He said the mishap is likely due to mechanical failure; an investigation is underway. He said it shouldn't hold up plans for a piloted landing test next year. The landing gear is derived from F-5 fighter planes and not the same type that will be used in space. The test vehicle will be repaired and may fly again, Sirangelo told reporters during a teleconference. 'Dream' goal: This artists rendering shows what designers hope will happen in that it will be able to transport astronauts to and from the International Space Station in a few years time . Sierra Nevada - one of several U.S. companies hoping to carry NASA astronauts into orbit - plans the first orbital flight demo of Dream Chaser in 2016 and the first crewed orbital mission in 2017. NASA already is relying on private industry to ship cargo to the space station, a vacancy created by the retirement of the space shuttles in 2011. Until American companies provide a safe spaceship for crews, NASA will continue to fly its astronauts on Russian Soyuz capsules - for hefty prices. WATCH THE VIDEO HERE .
highlights: The mini version of NASA's space shuttle will hopefully carry astronauts to and from the International Space Station .
id: 82ddd0ddfcd372deac745bb7fce9510dca717b1f
chatgpt: NASA has been working tirelessly to develop a mini space shuttle that is capable of carrying astronauts to and from the International Space Station. This new space vehicle, which is currently in development, will be a smaller, more efficient version of the iconic space shuttle that was retired in 2011. The new space shuttle is expected to be much cheaper to develop and operate than its predecessor, which cost billions of dollars and required a team of thousands to maintain. The mini version is expected to be much more fuel-efficient and require fewer resources to operate, allowing the US space agency to save on costs. The mini space shuttle is still in the early stages of development, but NASA has high hopes for the vehicle. The agency plans to use the new space shuttle to ferry astronauts to and from the ISS, which is currently serviced by Russian spacecraft. NASA has been working on the development of the mini space shuttle for several years now. The agency has held numerous design competitions and has even enlisted the help of private companies to bring the project to fruition. NASA's goal with the mini space shuttle is to reduce the United States' reliance on Russia for access to the ISS. Since the retirement of the space shuttle in 2011, NASA has been forced to rely on Russian spacecraft to transport astronauts to and from the ISS. While this relationship has been fruitful, it has also put the United States in a precarious position, as tensions between the two nations have mounted in recent years. The development of the mini space shuttle is a priority for NASA, and the agency is dedicating significant resources to the project. The agency has set aside billions of dollars to ensure that the vehicle is developed on schedule and meets all of the necessary safety requirements. In addition to transporting astronauts, the mini space shuttle will also be used to transport cargo to the ISS. This will allow the United States to contribute more to the research efforts taking place on the ISS by providing additional supplies and equipment. NASA has not yet announced when the mini space shuttle will make its first flight, but the agency is hopeful that it will be ready in the near future. With its smaller size, fuel efficiency, and advanced technology, the mini space shuttle is poised to revolutionize space travel and help take humanity to new heights. In conclusion, the development of the mini space shuttle is a significant step forward for NASA and for space exploration as a whole. This new vehicle will allow the United States to reduce its dependence on Russia and contribute even more to the international effort to study and explore space. We can only imagine what the future holds with the mini space shuttle and other upcoming advancements in space technology.