article: Alan Barnfield is accused of having sex with a pony . A man accused of having sex with a Shetland pony was found by police sweating profusely and smelling strongly of horses. Alan Barnfield, described as a 'sexual deviant' was seen leading a Shetland pony and another animal into a dark wooded area at the end of a paddock in Doncaster, South Yorkshire, where he allegedly had sex with them. Police found Barnfield smelling strongly of horses. The 44-year-old was also equipped with a rucksack containing several cans of Lynx deodorant, a length of white electrical cable, a handheld water sprayer, a cloth, a metal dog chain and two bottles of Lucozade. DNA from one of the ponies, called Sky, was found on Barnfield. He also had images and videos of bestiality on his mobile phone. Sky was found by its owner Jodie Walton in discomfort the day after the alleged sexual attack. A vet was called to examine the animal at Oak Tree Stables in Doncaster, South Yorkshire. Officers had been called by worried residents after they saw Barnfield leading the horses into a dark wooded area and they were concerned he was trying to steal them . Louise Reevell, prosecuting, told Sheffield Crown Court that Barnfield was spotted putting something around the neck of the Shetland pony and leading it and another horse to the darkened end of the paddock. The alleged incident took place at around half past midnight on August 8 2012. Ms Reevell said: 'It is at this time the prosecution say that intercourse took place out of sight in a dark wooded area at the end of the paddock.' Barnfield had denied sexual intercourse with an animal and told the court he was out walking at the time . Barnfield, of Doncaster, is currently on trial at Sheffield Crown Court for sexual intercourse with an animal . Barnfield, of Doncaster, South Yorkshire, said he was 'just out walking' and denies sexual intercourse with an animal. The trial continues. Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
highlights: Alan Barnfield is accused of having sex with Shetland pony in Doncaster . Barnfield was described as a 'sexual deviant' at Sheffield Crown Court . Neighbours saw him leading two horses into dark woods and called police . Barnfield was found sweating profusely and smelling strongly of horses . His rucksack contained deodorant, white cable and a metal dog chain . DNA from one pony was detected on him and animal found in discomfort . He denies sexual intercourse with an animal and says he was out walking .
id: eebdbc873de8e77cc464c3d6499e96eca5c40c2b
chatgpt: Alan Barnfield, a 43-year-old man from Doncaster, has been accused of having sexual intercourse with a Shetland pony. The incident allegedly took place in dark woods near his home, where Barnfield was seen leading two horses by his neighbors. They called the police after suspecting something was amiss. Barnfield was found by the police sweating profusely and smelling strongly of horses. He had a rucksack containing a metal dog chain, white cable and deodorant. DNA evidence from one of the ponies was found on him, and the animal was found in discomfort. At Sheffield Crown Court, Barnfield was described as a "sexual deviant" when he appeared before a judge to face charges of bestiality. He vehemently denies having any sexual contact with an animal and claims that he was merely out walking. Prosecutors say that Barnfield's claims do not add up, and that his behavior was consistent with someone who had engaged in bestiality. The court heard that he had searched for videos of animal mating online and had a history of engaging in "inappropriate" behavior around animals. The defense argued that the DNA evidence could have been transferred through contact with the pony's saliva, sweat, or feces. Barnfield's lawyer also suggested that the rucksack was not his and that he was a victim of mistaken identity. The case has generated significant public interest, with animal welfare groups expressing their outrage at the alleged abuse. The RSPCA has issued a statement condemning any form of cruelty towards animals and pledging to prosecute anyone found guilty of such offenses. The case will continue to be heard in court, with Barnfield facing serious charges that could result in imprisonment. The outcome will have far-reaching implications for animal welfare and the way we treat our four-legged friends. In conclusion, the situation surrounding Alan Barnfield is one that should be treated with discretion and care. The accusations against him are serious and could have a lasting impact on his life. It is our collective responsibility to ensure that justice is served and that animals are protected from harm.