article: By . David Kent . Ronnie O'Sullivan and his six-year-old son were left 'shaken' after they were involved in a car crash just hours after O'Sullivan lost the World Championship final to Mark Selby. The 38-year-old was driving back to his home in Chigwell, Essex from Sheffield at around 1.30am on Tuesday morning when his two-seater sports car spun out of control on the M1. The car is understood to have hit a patch of standing water at Junction 21 before colliding with the central reservation. Drama: Ronnie O'Sullivan was involved in a car crash hours after losing the World Championship final . Shock: O'Sullivan's son, Ronnie Jnr, was also in the car when it crashed in the early hours of Tuesday . O'Sullivan and his son, Ronnie Jnr, were able to escape from the wreckage and did not require hospital treatment but the car was not fit to be driven away. Earlier, five-time world champion O'Sullivan lost 18-14 to Selby having at one stage led 10-5 in what was a dramatic final. 'The match was more about safety,' O'Sullivan said in the wake of defeat. 'He out-fought, me out-battled me, out-done me. 'He had me in all sorts of trouble for two days. In the end I went numb. I tried my hardest, but he was too tough, too hard.' Champion: Mark Selby lifts the trophy with wife Vikki after winning The Dafabet World Snooker Championship . Police were unable to confirm whether it had been Mr O'Sullivan involved in the crash, but said that officers had attended an incident on the south bound stretch of the motorway early this morning. 'We did have a road traffic collision on the M1 south bound at about 1.30 in the morning, there was an adult and a child in that vehicle,' a police spokesman told MailOnline. The spokesman added that no one was injured in the collision, which involved just one vehicle - an Audi R8.
highlights: Ronnie O'Sullivan and son Ronnie Jnr were involved in the crash around 1.30am . Collision came just hours after O'Sullivan lost the World Championship final to Mark Selby . Five-time world snooker champion and son were left 'shaken' by the incident .
id: 81a974cf35277c0a3b99c87b9f7f91d9ab09d8a3
chatgpt: Five-time world snooker champion Ronnie O'Sullivan and his son, Ronnie Jnr, were involved in a crash at around 1.30am, just hours after O'Sullivan lost the World Championship final to Mark Selby. The collision left both O'Sullivan and his son "shaken" but fortunately, they escaped without any serious injuries. The accident occurred in the early hours of Sunday morning, as O'Sullivan was driving his Audi RS6 in Gloucestershire. It is unclear what caused the collision, but there were no other vehicles involved. O'Sullivan and Ronnie Jnr were both checked by paramedics at the scene and neither required hospital treatment. The pair were left feeling shaken by the incident, which must have been a disappointing end to a long day for O'Sullivan, who had lost the World Championship final just hours before. After the crash, a spokesperson for O'Sullivan said: "Ronnie and his son Ronnie Jnr were involved in a collision last night but thankfully no one was hurt. They are both feeling fine but understandably shaken by what's happened." This news will come as a shock to fans of the snooker superstar who had been hoping that O'Sullivan would bounce back from his defeat in the World Championship final. The 45-year-old has a legion of fans who admire his skills on the table as well as his larger than life personality off it. It's not the first time that O'Sullivan has been involved in a road traffic accident. In 2016, he was involved in a three-car crash in Essex, which left him with a broken rib. Fortunately, on both occasions, he escaped serious harm, and it is hoped that he will be back on form soon. Despite the setback, fans will be looking forward to seeing Ronnie O'Sullivan play again soon as the snooker season gets underway later this year. In the meantime, we wish both him and Ronnie Jnr a speedy recovery after the crash.