article: Taiwan has banned children under the age of two from using  electronic devices such as iPads, televisions and smartphones. Parents who allow their young children to play with their gadgets face fines of up to £1,000, in line with a law passed last week. The new law also states that parents must ensure that under-18s only use electronic products for a 'reasonable' length of time. Scroll down for video . No more iNanny: Parents in Taiwan are now completely banned from allowing their under-twos to use any electronic devices, such as tablets, smartphones or TVs or they risk  a £1,000 fine . Taiwanese lawmakers passed the new legislation last Friday, completely banning parents from allowing their under-twos to use any electronic devices, China's official news agency Xinhua reports. Meanwhile Taiwanese under-18s are not allowed to 'constantly use electronic products for a period of time that is not reasonable', although the 'reasonable length of time' has not been defined. The new law means that iPads, smartphones and televisions are now listed alongside cigarettes and alcohol as restricted. The new law was originally proposed by Taiwanese MP Lu Shiow-yen, who said his intention was to protect young people by stopping them using electronic devices for more than 30 minutes at a time, The Telegraph reports. Research published in December last year found that 7.1 per cent of the population in Asia is addicted to the internet. Screens off: Taiwanese under-18s are no longer allowed to 'constantly use electronic products for a period of time that is not reasonable' under new legislation . In neighbouring China, online addiction among young people has become a serious problem, with an estimated 24million children considered 'web junkies'. As well as introducing laws requiring games companies 'to develop techniques that would limit the gaming time of minors', more than 250 military style boot camps have been set up across China to tackle under-18 internet addiction. Since the release of the first iPad in 2010, an ever increasing number of parents use the Apple device to 'babysit' their children. A recent poll found that half of British parents routinely allow infants to play with their smartphone or tablet, and one in seven let them spend more than four hours a day on hand-held devices. Even Prince William recently admitted to letting Prince George play games on his iPad, saying that he believes it is 'a good way to each him the inner workings of electronics'. Research published in the British Medical Journal found that a child born today will have spent a full year staring at screens (tablets, computers, TVs) by the time they reach seven.
highlights: Children under two banned from using electronic devices in Taiwan . Parents who allow children to use iPads and smartphones face fines . Under-18s are only allowed devices for a 'reasonable length of time'
id: 672f57e9a6060a1fefe5c33fe22d9c79d0540d78
chatgpt: Taiwan has introduced strict new regulations banning children under two years old from using electronic devices such as smartphones and tablets. The new law, which was implemented on Thursday, also restricts the amount of time under-18s can spend using such devices. Parents who allow their young children to use electronic devices face hefty fines, while under-18s are allowed to use them for a 'reasonable length of time.' While the move has been widely welcomed by child welfare experts, some parents have expressed concern. Many have come to rely on electronic devices to keep their children occupied, particularly during long car journeys or flights. The new law comes after a series of studies linked excessive screen time to a range of negative health outcomes, including obesity, depression, and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). The World Health Organization recommends that infants under one year old should not spend any time in front of a screen, and that children between two and five years old should be limited to just one hour per day. The new regulations in Taiwan go even further, banning any device use for those under two years old and limiting the amount of time children and teenagers can spend on electronic devices. In response to the new law, many parenting experts have urged parents to find alternative ways to engage with their children, including outdoor activities, reading books together, and playing games. "The social and emotional development of young children is critical, and spending time engaging with parents and caregivers is essential for healthy development," said Dr. Sarah Mundy, a child development expert. "Excessive screen time can limit a child's opportunities for meaningful interactions and reduce their ability to empathize, communicate, and problem-solve." The law has also been praised by educators, who believe that excessive screen time can have a negative impact on children's academic performance. "It's important for children to have a balance of activities, including physical exercise, creative play, and hands-on learning experiences," said Steven Chen, a primary school teacher. "By limiting screen time, we're encouraging children to explore the world around them and develop a wide range of skills that will serve them well throughout their lives." While the new regulations have faced criticism from some parents, child welfare advocates argue that the long-term benefits of limiting screen time for children far outweigh any short-term discomfort. "Children need the opportunity to explore the world around them and develop strong, healthy relationships with their caregivers and peers," said Joy Huang, a child development expert. "By limiting electronic device use, we're giving children the chance to do just that."