article: By . Margot Peppers . PUBLISHED: . 19:35 EST, 11 February 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 19:35 EST, 11 February 2013 . Fashion designer Alfred Fiandaca - who was responsible for many of Ann Romney's campaign trail looks - has passed away at 72 . The fashion designer responsible for many of Ann Romney’s campaign outfits has passed away at the age of 72. Alfred Fiandaca - whose designs were favored by Mrs Romney during the 2012 Presidential race - died Saturday of a major stroke in West Palm Beach, Florida. Fiandaca divided his time between Boston, New York and Palm Beach, and is survived by his daughter, son and spouse, Carl Bartels. After founding his eponymous line in 1960, the designer opened up his first shop in Boston, Massachusetts. His tailored skirt suits and elegant dresses soon attracted the attention of political figures in Washington, among them Joan Kennedy and Lady Bird Johnson. Actresses Julie Andrews and Audrey Hepburn also wore his creations. Mrs Romney, 63, had been a supporter of his ever since her husband Mitt was governor of Massachusetts. On the campaign trail, relatively unknown Fiandaca earned recognition for being the go-to designer for the Republican candidate's wife. Mrs Romney wore a crisp cream-colored skirt suit from his fall 2006 collection to the first presidential debate. Mitt Romney's wife Ann (pictured at the first Presidential debate in October) was a fan and friend of Fiandaca, and wore many of his designs on the campaign trail - including this cream skirt suit . The former Republican candidate's wife wore the fashion veteran's pink skirt suit (left) on the campaign trail and black leather ensemble (right) on the Jay Leno show . And the edgy black leather skirt suit she sported on the Jay Leno show was also one of his creations. Although Fiandaca was a Democrat, he . had no qualms about dressing the wife of the former Republican hopeful, . both of whom he counted as friends. In an interview with New York Magazine . last year, the fashion designer's rep described him as 'apolitical', . noting that he had dressed just as many Democrats as Republicans. His designs are sold in boutiques in Boston and Palm Beach, as well as an atelier in Manhattan's Garment District. Fiandaca was known among friends and in social circles in New York and Palm Beach for his outgoing and friendly demeanor. A third-generation member of the garment trade, the fashion veteran began cutting clothes when he was only nine. His glamorous designs have earned him recognition in the art world as well as the fashion world. In 2000, the Massachusetts College of Art presented an exhibition on his forty years of work, as well as creating a scholarship in his name.
highlights: Fiandaca was a favorite among political wives including Joan Kennedy, Lady Bird Johnson and Nancy Reagan . Julie Andrews and Audrey Hepburn also wore his elegant designs .
id: 13c7c45c7d171db770c0f9e288c306f92721043f
chatgpt: Renowned fashion designer, Alfred Fiandaca, has passed away at the age of 72. Known for his elegant and classic designs, Fiandaca was a favorite among political wives and Hollywood celebrities alike. Political wives such as Joan Kennedy, Lady Bird Johnson, and Nancy Reagan were frequently seen wearing Fiandaca's designs. His signature style of refined cuts and luxurious fabrics became his trademark, with many women feeling confident and glamorous in his dresses. But Fiandaca's clientele wasn't limited to political wives. Hollywood icons Julie Andrews and Audrey Hepburn also donned his designs, cementing his status in both political and entertainment circles. Born in Massachusetts in 1940, Fiandaca went on to attend the Parsons School of Design in New York City. He launched his own fashion line in Boston in 1960 and quickly gained a reputation as one of the most talented designers of his time. Fiandaca's designs were celebrated for their exceptional construction and attention to detail. He was known for his ability to create pieces that were both flattering and comfortable, using only the finest materials in his collections. Throughout his career, Fiandaca's work was recognized with numerous awards and accolades. He was a recipient of the Coty American Fashion Critics' Award, and his designs were showcased in museums around the world. Despite his success, Fiandaca remained humble, staying deeply passionate about his craft until the end of his illustrious career. He will be remembered as a true visionary in the fashion industry, one whose designs were appreciated by women of all ages and backgrounds. As the news of his death spreads, many are mourning the loss of a true icon. Political figures, Hollywood stars, and the fashion world alike are all expressing their condolences and appreciation for Fiandaca's contributions to the industry. In a statement, former first lady Nancy Reagan said, "Alfred Fiandaca was a dear friend and a truly talented designer. I always felt confident and glamorous in his dresses, and I will miss him dearly." Similarly, Julie Andrews expressed her sadness at the news, saying, "Alfred was a gifted designer and a dear friend. His impeccable taste and incredible talent will be deeply missed." Fiandaca's legacy will undoubtedly live on through his stunning designs, which will continue to inspire and delight women for years to come. He will be missed but never forgotten.