article: (CNN) -- Ben Affleck looks distinctly ill at ease. Portraying Nick Dunne—a man attempting to put out the dragnet for his missing-and-presumed dead wife Amy (played by British actress Rosamund Pike)—during a key scene in the adaptation of Gillian Flynn's bestselling crime thriller "Gone Girl," Affleck has swapped his usual movie star luster for, well, flop sweat. In a sequence that was screened by director David Fincher exclusively for an EW cover story hitting newsstands Friday, Affleck's Dunne faces a candlelight vigil for Amy crawling with TV cameras, police detectives, and somber neighbors in the sequence, and he appears less like a grief-stricken husband than a shifty dude trying to seem grief-stricken. "I may not behave the way the cameras want me to," Affleck tells a crowd that already views him as the prime suspect. "If you need to mock somebody, mock me. But please don't turn this investigation into a circus." "Where's your wife, Nick?" responded a voice from the darkness. "What did you do to your pregnant wife?!" Affleck, of course, knows the searing glare of the spotlight all too well, having comprised, along with J-Lo, the celebrity entity "Bennifer." To hear him tell it, portraying a guy who's being hounded by the press and second-guessed by a judgmental public hardly required extensive prep. "It wasn't something I had to do a lot of research for," Affleck says with a weary smirk. "I knew what it was like to have the tabloid world paying attention to me and ascribing negative motivations to whatever I might be engaging in. I knew what it was to be cast in a soap opera I had no control over." Ben Affleck will be a great Batman, Adam West says . According to Fincher, Affleck's intimate familiarity with being misunderstood by the Fourth Estate— moreover, with "what it's like to be hunted"—factored heavily in his casting. "We knew we needed somebody who was charming and could be seductive, who could be a ladies man, a guy's guy, a frat boy," Fincher says. "But most important, [someone] who had the wits and experience of knowing that situation. The gift of having Ben Affleck is that this is a guy who knows. He knows what a lose-lose situation is and understands what's funny about it, however sad." See the original story at EW.com. CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly . © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. All rights reserved.
highlights: Affleck plays Nick Dunne in "Gone Girl" He faced tabloid scrutiny while dating Jennifer Lopez . Director says Affleck's experience factored into casting .
id: 2bec54f1e3e712b38555056a82255584802929e9
chatgpt: Ben Affleck's role as Nick Dunne in the 2014 thriller film "Gone Girl" was a defining moment in his career, but it wasn't without its challenges. Prior to landing the role, the actor had faced intense media scrutiny during his highly-publicized relationship with singer Jennifer Lopez. According to the film's director, David Fincher, Affleck's experience in dealing with press attention factored into his decision to cast him in the film. In "Gone Girl," Affleck plays the husband of Amy Dunne, a woman who goes missing on their fifth wedding anniversary. As the investigation into her disappearance unfolds, Nick becomes the prime suspect and the media frenzy that surrounds the case only adds to the pressure he's already facing. While "Gone Girl" certainly had unsettling moments, Affleck had already dealt with his fair share of tabloid drama by the time production began. In the early 2000s, the actor was in a high-profile relationship with Jennifer Lopez, then one of the biggest stars in the music industry. The couple, often referred to as "Bennifer" by the media, were constantly followed by paparazzi and in the press. Speaking to The Hollywood Reporter in 2014, Fincher revealed that Affleck's experience with being in the public eye was a factor in his casting. "I thought he knew what it was like to be hunted," the director said. "He brought all of that [to the role]." In interviews about the film, Affleck has also spoken about his own experiences with media attention and how it influenced his portrayal of Nick Dunne. "My experience with paparazzi and the media certainly colored and informed the performance in a way that was unconscious but probably there," he told Entertainment Weekly in 2014. "Ultimately, I felt like Nick was a guy who never got to say his piece. He was always the subject of somebody else's story, always objectified and put upon." In a review of "Gone Girl" for The Guardian, critic Peter Bradshaw wrote that Affleck's "sense of a man being quietly eaten away by public suspicion and vilification" was one of the highlights of the film. While "Gone Girl" was certainly a challenging and intense project for Affleck, it also allowed him to tap into his own experiences of being in the public eye. Through his portrayal of Nick Dunne, the actor was able to bring a level of authenticity and depth to the character that resonated with audiences and critics alike.