article: (CNN) -- Genoa prevented city rivals Sampdoria from moving into Serie A's top three after triumphing 3-0 in a fiery derby on Saturday that saw three players sent off. The home side moved up to fifth place, just a point behind the Blucerchiati. Omar Milanetto put Genoa ahead from the penalty spot in the 10th minute Reto Ziegler was ruled to have fouled Rodrigo Palacio, then the Sampdoria player managed to hit his own post trying to clear Giuseppe Sculli's low cross. Giuseppe Biava had a header tipped onto the crossbar by Samp goalkeeper Luca Castellazzi, but he was then sent off just before halftime after receiving a second yellow card for deliberate handball. Marco Rossi doubled the lead in the 53rd minute, passing the ball through Castellazzi's legs after evading the hapless Ziegler, who gave away his second penalty of the night in the 75th minute for a foul on Sokratis Papastathopoulos. Raffaele Palladino made it 3-0 from the spot, while the visitors ended the game with nine men when Fabrizio Cacciatore was red-carded with two minutes left as tempers flared. In Saturday's other game, top scorer Antonio Di Natale returned from suspension to inspire Udinese to a 2-0 win at home to struggling Livorno. He curled in a 29th-minute freekick before Antonio Floro Flores made it 2-0 with a header from Aleksander Lukovic's cross 10 minutes later, lifting Udinese up to 12th and leaving Livorno in the bottom three. Meanwhile, third-placed AC Milan will be without right-back Massimo Oddo for the rest of this year due to a thigh injury suffered in the Champions League clash with Marseille. The 33-year-old was replaced by Ignazio Abate 28 minutes into the 1-1 draw at the San Siro last Wednesday, which left Milan two points behind group leaders Real Madrid ahead of the final match away to Swiss side Zurich on December 8.
highlights: Genoa prevent city rivals Sampdoria from moving into Serie A's top three . Home side win 3-0 in derby that sees three players sent off and move up to fifth . Antonio Di Natale returns from ban to inspire Udinese to a 2-0 win over Livorno . AC Milan will be without injured right-back Massimo Oddo for the rest of this year .
id: a028e3619cd97142ead4e90eb5ad55c0e64b7447
chatgpt: Genoa has managed to prevent their city rivals Sampdoria from moving into the top three of Serie A by winning the derby 3-0. The game saw three players sent off, adding drama to an already heated rivalry. The victory propelled Genoa up to fifth place in the table. The derby started off with both teams looking to gain an early advantage, but it was Genoa who took control of the game. In the 24th minute, Stefano Sturaro opened the scoring with a powerful header that found the back of the net. Sampdoria tried to respond, but Genoa's defense held strong and prevented any real danger. The second half began in the same manner as the first, with both teams attempting to gain control of the match. However, it was Genoa who struck again in the 65th minute when Goran Pandev scored a stunning goal to double their lead. Sampdoria were visibly deflated and struggled to create any meaningful chances. The game took a turn for the worse when Sampdoria's Omar Colley was shown a straight red card for a dangerous tackle. This resulted in a mass brawl between the two teams, which led to two more players being sent off, one from each team. In other Serie A action, Udinese welcomed back Antonio Di Natale from suspension, and the veteran striker inspired his team to a 2-0 victory over Livorno. Di Natale set up his side's first goal before scoring the second himself to seal the win. However, AC Milan were dealt a major blow when they learned that right-back Massimo Oddo will be out injured for the rest of the year. This news will be a big blow for the Rossoneri who are looking to improve upon their current seventh-place position in the league. Overall, it was a dramatic weekend of Serie A football with Genoa stealing the spotlight by preventing Sampdoria from moving into the top three.