article: Italy coach Antonio Conte admits he does not have the time to change striker Mario Balotelli and said some 'great coaches' such as Jose Mourinho and Roberto Mancini had tried and failed. The Azzurri boss called up the 24-year-old for the first time since he took charge in the summer, but the Liverpool forward sustained a hamstring injury in training. This meant he returned to Merseyside without featuring in the Euro 2016 qualifier against Croatia. VIDEO Scroll down to see Balotelli's brilliance in Liverpool training . Mario Balotelli (left) trains with Italy last week and jogs past Azzurri coach Antonio Conte . Balotelli (second right) is part of an Italian group listening to Conte (front centre) during training . Roberto Mancini (Inter Milan and Man City) Jose Mourinho (Inter Milan) Massimilliano Allegri (AC Milan) Clarence Seedorf (AC Milan) Brendan Rodgers (Liverpool) Cesare Prandelli (Italy) Antonio Conte (Italy) Balotelli is expected to be fit to face Crystal Palace on Sunday, but club boss Brendan Rodgers is also finding fitting him into his team is not straightforward as the striker has yet to score in the Premier League since his £16million August transfer from AC Milan. Conte cast doubts over whether it is possible to make the player adjust following the apparent failure of the likes of Mourinho and Mancini, among others. 'I'm not so arrogant as to claim that I'm different from the great coaches, but the past tells us that they failed to change Balotelli,' he told Raisport in the build-up to the friendly against Albania. 'It'll be up to the player, but I don't have much time and I need certain things.' Balotelli had a love/hate relationship with Roberto Mancini at Manchester City . The striker had a more fractious time with Jose Mourinho while the pair were at Inter Milan . Brendan Rodgers at Liverpool is the latest manager to try to solve the enigma of Balotelli .
highlights: Mario Balotelli has had a difficult start to life at Liverpool . Striker had to withdraw from Italy squad because of hamstring injury . Antonio Conte says he doesn't have the time to change Balotelli .
id: 0471af019804fe6c6a5e830b658d77647e7f4458
chatgpt: Liverpool striker Mario Balotelli has had a difficult start to his time at the club. The Italian striker has been plagued with injuries and poor form, making just 16 appearances in all competitions this season and scoring only one goal.  The latest setback for Balotelli came when he had to withdraw from the Italy squad due to a hamstring injury. This injury is yet another blow for the troubled striker who had hoped to use the international break to get some game time and show his worth to Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers.  Balotelli's poor performances this season have led to questions about his future at the club. However, Italian national team coach Antonio Conte has come to Balotelli's defense, claiming that he does not have the time to change Balotelli.  "Balotelli is a player with great qualities, but one day he does it and the next day he doesn't. I don't have the time to change him," Conte said in a recent press conference.  This statement by Conte may come as a surprise to Liverpool fans who are growing increasingly frustrated with Balotelli's performances. The 24-year-old has not lived up to his reputation as a prolific striker, and many fans are calling for him to be sold in the summer transfer window.  However, it remains to be seen whether Brendan Rodgers will heed their calls. The Liverpool manager has defended Balotelli in the past and may believe that he still has something to offer the team. It is likely that Rodgers will wait until the end of the season to make a decision on Balotelli's future.  In the meantime, the striker will have to work hard to recover from his latest injury and prove his worth to both Liverpool and the Italian national team. Balotelli has the talent to be a great player, but he will need to show more consistency if he wants to succeed at the highest level. Whether he can do that remains to be seen.