article: By . Ashley Collman . PUBLISHED: . 01:55 EST, 8 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 01:56 EST, 8 December 2013 . If handed a floppy disk, most teenagers today wouldn't know what they were looking at. But for those who work in the government, the storage devices used in early computing are alive and still very much in use. According to a report in the New York Times, the Federal Register is still receiving couriered documents on floppy disks and CD-ROMs, despite technology existing that would digitize the process. Get with the times: Some government agencies are still using floppy disks to submit paper work to the Federal Register . A branch of the National Archives, the Federal Register is the daily journal of the U.S. Government which prints public notices from government agencies. Despite most computers not being able to process floppy disks, the staff at the Federal Register is still receiving some documents in floppy disk form because certain agencies haven't updated their technology. The Federal Register Act requires agencies to submit documents on paper, CD-ROM or floppy disks - and there's even an option to create an digital signature and submit information over email. Some agencies have updated to the new email system, but others haven't yet because it's expensive. Flash drives or SD cards are ruled out, as they are not mentioned in the act. Important documents: The Federal Register - the daily journal of the U.S. government - is a branch of the National Archives . The Register would like the law updated to include flash drives or SD cards, but until it's changed they are forced to continue accepting floppy disks. 'Some agencies move forward with technology, and that great. Other agencies aren't ready to go this year, maybe not next year,' Jim Bradley, assistant public printer for the Government Printing Office, told the New York Times. The Government Printing Office publishes the print version of the Register. 'You've got this antiquated system that still works but is not nearly as efficient as it could be,' said Stan Soloway, chief executive of the Professional Services Council, which represents more than 370 government contractors. 'Companies that work with the government, whether longstanding or newcomers, are all hamstrung by the same limitations.'
highlights: The Federal Register - the daily journal of the U.S. government - still accepts documents on floppy disks . Because legislation hasn't been updated to include flash drives or SD Cards, the journal is forced to continue accepting floppy disks . There's a new system which allows agencies to submit documents digitally via secure email signature, but many agencies haven't paid for the upgrade .
id: da6c1782fe9f50c821fac3abb579a0454e4e1bc4
chatgpt: The Federal Register, the daily diary of the United States government, still accepts documents on floppy disks despite the fact that technology has progressed much since the 1980s. And the reason behind this is that legislation hasn't been upgraded to include modern technology such as flash drives or SD Cards. The Federal Register, in operation since 1936, is the official source for rules, proposed rules, and notices from the federal government. It is updated daily and printed out in Washington D.C. But as technology has evolved, so too have the means by which the documents are distributed. The new system allows agencies to submit documents digitally, thanks to a secure email signature. This is a much more efficient and cost-effective process, as it is much faster and eliminates the potential for lost or damaged papers. However, many of the agencies have not paid for the upgrade to this new system. This means that they are still depending on the outdated method of submitting information via a floppy disk. Despite this, there are still benefits to the process, namely meaning that the Federal Register can be certain that the contents they receive are 100% authentic. Several state and local government offices still allow the use of floppy disks, even though they have become all but obsolete in recent years. This includes the offices of the governor and the attorney general, as well as other departments. The continued use of floppy disks raises questions about why the government has not updated its laws to take into account the advancements in technology. In today's world of cell phones, smartwatches, and other high-tech gadgets, it seems odd that such an important publication would still be stuck in the past. There are hopes that the government will begin to move towards a more digital method of submitting information, as it can help to streamline and simplify the process. This would include upgrading the legislation to allow for the use of modern technology such as flash drives and SD cards. Although it may take some time to fully transition to this new system, it is clear that it will ultimately benefit agencies and the public. In the meantime, we'll all have to wonder what other outdated technology our government is still using, and when they will finally move into the 21st century.