article: Los Angeles, California (CNN) -- A federal judge sentenced an Illinois man to two and a half years in prison Monday for taping ESPN sports reporter Erin Andrews in the nude. The taping took place through a hotel-room peephole, and the video was posted on the Internet. Michael David Barrett, 49, pleaded guilty to a federal stalking charge in December after prosecutors accused him of altering hotel peepholes so he could shoot video of Andrews while she was nude. According to a plea deal, prosecutors and Barrett had agreed to a 27-month prison sentence. But Andrews called him a sexual predator and  argued in court for him to be sentenced for as long as the law allowed, CNN affiliate KTLA reported. "I would have liked longer time, but I know that the judge obviously did the best he could with the parameters that are set," Andrews told reporters outside the courthouse after the sentencing. "But I'm glad he'll be away from anyone that he could harm for the next 30 months." In court papers, prosecutors stated that Barrett -- an insurance company employee from Westmont, Illinois -- posted as many as 10 videos of Andrews to the Internet. Also in court papers, prosecutors said Barrett had posted videos of another 16 as-yet-unidentified victims to the Internet. Barrett has been free on bail and has been ordered to report to prison May 3, said Tom Mrozek, a spokesman for the U.S. attorney's office in Los Angeles. In a statement issued through his attorney when the plea agreement was announced, Barrett expressed "deep regret" to Andrews "for his conduct that caused her so much pain." Authorities believe that most of the videos were made at a hotel in Nashville, Tennessee, in September 2008. The peephole into Andrews' room was altered with a hacksaw, and the images appeared to have been taken with a cell phone camera, according to the charges against Barrett. Andrews travels across the country covering college football games for ESPN. According to charges prosecutors filed against Barrett in October, she said that she became aware of the videos in July and that their posting caused her distress, anxiety and trouble sleeping. Barrett came under scrutiny after attempting to sell the videos to the celebrity gossip site TMZ in January 2009. TMZ did not purchase the images, but employees of the Web site assisted in the investigation by providing information to Andrews' attorneys, authorities said. TMZ, like CNN, is a subsidiary of Time Warner Inc. CNN's Lynn Lamanivong contributed to this report.
highlights: Michael David Barrett, 49, was sentenced to prison Monday . He admitted surreptitiously taping ESPN reporter nude, posting videos online . Authorities say Erin Andrews was filmed through peephole in hotel rooms .
id: 787b88e6ec004b173cdbdbc6ca5060ceb973cb42
chatgpt: Michael David Barrett, a 49-year-old man, was sentenced to prison on Monday after admitting to surreptitiously taping ESPN reporter Erin Andrews while she was nude and posting the videos online. Andrews was filmed through a peephole in her hotel room, and the incident has left her traumatized and emotionally scarred. Barrett, who pleaded guilty to interstate stalking after he was caught on video sneaking into Andrews' hotel room to film her, was sentenced to 30 months in prison by a Tennessee court. His actions were described by the judge as "heinous and despicable." The court heard that Barrett had stalked Andrews for months before finally catching her on camera. He then uploaded the videos to the internet, where they were watched by millions of people. Andrews was forced to relive the events over and over again as the videos were shared across social media. Andrews, who is now a sportscaster for Fox Sports, has spoken publicly about how the incident has affected her life. She has been diagnosed with Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) and has been in therapy to cope with the trauma that she experienced. In a statement read out in court, Andrews said: "I have been living with the effects of this crime for the past eight years. Every time I check into a hotel room, I wonder if I'm being watched. Every time I step into a public place, I feel like someone is following me. This will never go away, and I will never feel safe again." Barrett's sentencing brings to an end a long and traumatic chapter in Andrews' life, but it also serves as a warning to others who might be tempted to engage in similar behavior. The judge in the case made it clear that crimes such as this will not be tolerated, and that those who commit them will face severe consequences. Andrews' courage in speaking out about her experience has helped to raise awareness of the issue of cyberstalking and the impact it can have on victims. Her case has also led to changes in the law to better protect individuals from this type of crime. In conclusion, the sentencing of Michael David Barrett has brought some closure to Erin Andrews, although she will never be able to forget the trauma she experienced. The case serves as a reminder of the damage that can be caused by cyberstalking and the importance of working to prevent it. Hopefully, the punishment handed down to Barrett will deter others from engaging in similar behavior in the future.