article: By . Chris Waugh . Hull City are in Belgium as they look to further their first foray into European competition against KSC Lokeren in the Europa League qualifier round. Steve Bruce's men will head into the game full of confidence following their 1-0 victory at QPR on Saturday. The Tigers are expected to name a much-changed side for this tie, however, as they look to balance the challenge of European football alongside Premier League survival. Bring it on: Hull travel to Belgium to face KSC Lokeren fresh from a 1-0 victory at QPR in the Premier League . Slovak side AS Trencin were dispatched 2-1 over two legs in the third qualifying round as Hull debuted in Europe was a 0-0 away draw and then a 2-1 victory the KC Stadium. Here is everything you need to know about Thursday's showdown at the Daknam Stadium. Lokeren vs Hull City (Daknam Stadium) Kick-off: Thursday 7.30pm . Odds (subject to change) Lokeren 17/10 . Draw 12/5 . Hull City 6/4 . Referee: Matej Jug (Svn) Hull team news . The Tigers will be without winger Robert Snodgrass (knee) who could be out for up to six months. The Scot dislocated his knee and will be a big miss for Steve Bruce's men. Goalkeeper Allan McGregor could be rested, allowing Steve Harper to deputise, but Curtis Davies is expected to play. Alex Bruce (back), meanwhile, is unlikely to start for Hull. Liam Rosenior will be assessed before the game to determined his fitness. Jake Livermore, Nikica Jelavic and Tom Ince are likely to drop to the bench after playing key roles in Saturday's victory over QPR. Possible Hull XI: Harper, McShane, Davies, Figueroa, Rosenior, Quinn, Meyler, Brady, Boyd, Sagbo, Aluko. Changes: Hull City manager Steve Bruce is likely to make a raft of changes for the trip to Belgium . Key match stats (supplied by Opta) Sone Aluko scored Hull’s winner in the previous round against Trencin. Lokeren’s last appearance in the Europa League qualifying phase came in 2012/13, being knocked out on away goals by Viktoria Plzen in the playoff. They did win the home leg 2-1. Hull have won just one of their last seven away games across all competitions, though this did come against QPR on Saturday. Absent: Hull will be without winger Robert Snodgrass, who is out for six months after dislocating his knee cap . Lokeren have lost their four previous European games against English sides, losing twice to Newcastle United in 2001 in the Intertoto Cup and Manchester City in 2003 in the UEFA Cup. In the last 10 European games between English and Belgian sides, the Belgian side has been victorious just once (Zulte Waregem v Wigan in 2013), with five English wins and four draws. In fact, English sides have lost just one of their last 14 games on Belgian soil in European competition (W8 D5).
highlights: Hull travel to Belgium to face Lokeren in Europa League qualifying round . Steve Bruce intends to make lots of changes to the side who beat QPR 1-0 . But he cannot change the whole 11 as he only has a 21-man squad . Robert Snodgrass will not feature at the Daknam Stadium for Hull . The midfielder has been ruled out for six months after dislocating his knee .
id: 59dc11a10fa6ab51e0316fc3b7080f035341046f
chatgpt: Hull City will travel to Belgium to face Lokeren in the Europa League qualifying round on Thursday. The English side are looking to build on their recent 1-0 victory over Queens Park Rangers in the Premier League. Manager Steve Bruce has confirmed that he intends to make a number of changes to his starting lineup for the game against Lokeren. However, with only a 21-man squad available to him, he will not be able to make wholesale changes to his team. Bruce will be without the services of midfielder Robert Snodgrass for the match. Snodgrass suffered a knee injury during Hull's pre-season tour of Austria and has been ruled out of action for six months after dislocating his knee. Despite the absence of Snodgrass, Hull will still look to put in a strong performance against Lokeren. The Belgian side may not be well-known to English fans, but they have a decent record in European competition in recent years. Hull will be hoping to take a lead back to the KC Stadium for the second leg of the tie. The Europa League is a new experience for the club, and Bruce will be keen to make a good impression on the continent. One player who could be in line for a start against Lokeren is striker Yannick Sagbo. The Ivorian forward has struggled for goals since joining Hull last summer, but he could be given a chance to shine against the Belgian side. Sagbo is not the only player hoping to make an impact for Hull in Europe. The likes of Tom Huddlestone, Abel Hernandez and Sone Aluko will also be looking to make an impression in the Europa League. Hull's recent victory over QPR will give them confidence heading into the game against Lokeren. They may be without Snodgrass, but Bruce has a strong squad at his disposal and will be looking for his players to make a statement in Europe. The Europa League may be a distraction from Hull's Premier League campaign, but it is a competition that the club and its fans will relish. If they can navigate their way through the qualifying rounds, Hull could enjoy a memorable adventure on the continent this season. All eyes will be on the Daknam Stadium on Thursday as Hull take on Lokeren in the Europa League. The English side will be looking to get their campaign off to a positive start, while the Belgian outfit will be looking to cause an upset in front of their home fans.