article: (CNN) -- The Russian Football Union (RFU) has appointed Fabio Capello as the new national team manager. The former England coach will be hoping to revive the fortunes of a promising Russian squad after a disappointing Euro 2012, where they crashed out at the group stages. "Today we decided to appoint Capello as our national team's new manager," RFU deputy president Nikita Simonyan told ITAR-TASS news agency. Simonyan, the acting chief of the Union, said they expected the Italian "to come to Moscow in the nearest future to finalize the details of his contract and sign it." Capello is expected in the Russian capital on Wednesday or Thursday. The 66-year-old has previously coached the English national side to quarterfinals at the 2010 World Cup and 2008 European Championships. He quit in February after the English FA stripped John Terry of the national side's captaincy without his consultation. Before moving into international football Capello won domestic and continental titles with AC Milan, Juventus, Roma and Spanish side Real Madrid. Capello had been part of a managerial wish list published by the RFU featuring, amongst others, former Barcelona manager Pep Guardiola, former Liverpool boss Rafa Benitez and World Cup winning Italian manager Marcello Lippi. Capello told the Italian news agency ANSA that he was "happy and proud" to be taking charge of the Russian national team. "I'll be happy if my work with the Russian team will go the right way. The cooperation with this team is a great challenge for me as Russia is a great country." World Soccer Magazine's executive editor Keir Radnedge told CNN the Russian national team "wanted international pedigree, they felt this was important." "They want pedigree, achievement, which whatever he did or didn't do with England he certainly did at club level," he said. "They felt he qualified England for two major tournaments and he got them through the group stages. He's now got the international tournament pedigree he didn't have before he got the England job." Capello replaces the Dutch coach Dick Advocaat, whose Russian team crashed out of Euro 2012 after a surprise defeat by Greece in the group stages. Russia is hosting the 2018 FIFA World Cup and Radnedge believes this had a bearing on Capello's appointment. "There has been talk that if he gets them through the next two years then he could go on to the hosting in Russia. It is important for the Russians to build their own kudos on the world stage. They've gone to so many tournaments and started like world beaters and really fizzled out halfway along the course." Capello's first game in charge will be against Northern Ireland on September 7 when Russia begin their campaign to qualify for the 2014 World Cup in Brazil.
highlights: Fabio Capello is the new manager of the Russian national team . The Italian is "happy and proud" to be taking charge . Russia suffered a shock early exit at Euro 2012 . Russia are due to host the 2018 Fifa World Cup .
id: 7fdda4854732797f2f25d939a9d9bdd6af98017b
chatgpt: Former England and Real Madrid manager Fabio Capello has been announced as the new head coach of the Russian national team. The Italian will be taking charge of the team with immediate effect, following the departure of his predecessor, Stanislav Cherchesov, after Russia's exit in the quarter-finals of Euro 2020. Capello expressed his great pleasure at this new challenge and said: "I am happy and proud to be the new coach of the Russian national team. I am motivated to help the team achieve its goals and to keep working towards the success of this proud nation." The 75-year-old has a wealth of experience, having managed some of Europe's biggest clubs, including AC Milan, Juventus, Real Madrid, and Roma. He has also had a stint as the coach of the England national side, leading them to the 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa. The new coach's appointment comes after Russia's disappointing performance in their Euro 2020 campaign, where they crashed out of the tournament at the quarterfinals stage after losing to eventual champions Italy. Capello's main task will be to revive the fortunes of the national team and to prepare them for the 2022 FIFA World Cup in Qatar, where they will be hoping to perform better than they did at the Euros. One of Capello's most significant advantages is the fact that he has had experience of working in Russia when he managed Russian giants Spartak Moscow. This experience will be very useful for him, as he can quickly adapt to the country's culture and style of play, which will be vital for him to succeed with the national team. It is also worth noting that Russia will be hosting the 2018 FIFA World Cup, which will be another major assignment for Capello. With all eyes on the national side, he will be expected to lead the team to a decent showing in the tournament, if not go all the way and win it. Capello's appointment has been welcomed by fans and former players, who believe that he is the right person to take Russia forward. Russian Football Union chief Alexander Dyukov, while announcing the appointment, said, "We are pleased to have such an experienced and respected coach as Fabio Capello. We are confident that his arrival will bring positive changes to the team and help us achieve our goals." With the new coach in place, the Russian national team will be expected to put in a good showing in the upcoming international fixtures. Fans will be eagerly anticipating the team's performances and will be hoping that Capello can bring about the change that the team desperately needs. In conclusion, Capello's appointment as the head coach of the Russian national team is an exciting development, and it marks a new chapter in the team's history. The Italian's wealth of experience and his previous success with other sides make him an ideal candidate for the job, and fans will be hoping that he can lead the team to greater heights in the coming years.