article: Michelle Langbehn, 30, has endured nine months of chemotherapy, two cycles of radiation, a spinal fusion and several tumor removal surgeries. But the cancer that's attacking her body continues to spread, and her future treatment options are limited. There was hope for the Auburn, California, mom -- a clinical trial that's testing a new drug called Cabozantinib that's been approved to fight other cancers. Researchers at the National Institutes of Health had gathered Langbehn's medical records; they were set to evaluate her status on Monday to make an official enrollment decision, she says. Then the government shut down. Every week, hundreds of patients like Langbehn are admitted to new clinical trials at the National Institutes of Health. But as of Tuesday, these patients are being put on hold until the government resumes operation. "Due to the lapse in government funding ... transactions submitted via the web site may not be processed, and the agency may not be able to respond to inquiries until appropriations are enacted," a message on the top of the NIH website states. Every week, about 200 new patients come to the NIH Clinical Center in Bethesda, Maryland. Patients are now being told they will have to wait until the government starts up again to begin their trials, according to NIH spokesman John Burklow. "In fact, six new studies would have started this week that we are deferring," Burklow said. Approximately 30 of the 200 new patients are children, he said, and about 10 of those children are cancer patients. "I am furious," Langbehn said. "They are denying or delaying potentially life-saving treatments to Americans in need of a miracle. I speak for everyone battling cancer when I saw we don't have time to wait." Langbehn's oncologist gave her two years to live. That was last July. "I do not plan on letting this take me away from my family," she says. Burklow did note that participants who are already in studies are still being treated and will continue with their trials. Burklow also said patients in desperate need of treatment will be handled differently and will more than likely be seen by physicians or nurses at the NIH Clinical Center. About 75% of NIH's employees -- or about 14,700 people -- have been furloughed. Researchers at other institutions who have received NIH grants are not affected by the government shutdown. But the agency is not accepting any new grant applications.
highlights: About 200 patients who start NIH clinical trials weekly must wait until shutdown ends . Of those, about 30 patients are children, and about 10 of them are cancer patients . About three-fourths of NIH's employees -- 14,700 people -- have been furloughed .
id: 80cf9641d5ad9e2aa980d9c59e0c04bc9c2d8701
chatgpt: As the United States government shutdown enters its third week, nearly 200 patients slated to participate in ongoing clinical trials at the National Institutes of Health (NIH) are in limbo. With roughly 14,700 employees—three-fourths of NIH's workforce—furloughed, the institution is unable to enroll new participants in clinical trials or start new trials until the shutdown ends. The biomedical research center, which has long served as a beacon of hope for patients fighting life-threatening diseases, is now unable to fulfill its mission. Of the roughly 200 patients who normally begin clinical trials at NIH each week, around 30 are children. Even more distressing, roughly 10 of these children are cancer patients, some of whom may have no other treatment options. For parents of children with cancer, the NIH shutdown is taking a significant toll. Unable to access the potentially life-saving treatments offered through the institution's clinical trials, many are feeling a sense of desperation. Many of these patients have already been through what feels like endless rounds of chemotherapy and radiation, leaving them with precious few options. Clinical trials at NIH often represent their last chance at survival. The plight of these patients has caught the attention of lawmakers on both sides of the aisle, who are urging an end to the government shutdown in order to safeguard their health. Representatives from both parties have acknowledged the breadth of the impact that the NIH shutdown is having on patients and their families. In an interview with CNN, NIH Director Dr. Francis Collins stated that the shutdown is causing "anxiety and tension" for patients who are "trying to make life or death decisions." Collins added that the inability to begin new clinical trials means that "somebody with a great idea for a new cancer therapy or a way to treat Alzheimer's is just sitting on the sidelines." While some staff members at NIH have been able to continue working despite the shutdown, they are unable to take on new projects or enroll new patients in clinical trials. According to Collins, this means that the NIH is losing valuable time in its efforts to improve healthcare. As the shutdown drags on, the fate of these patients and countless others hangs in the balance. Without access to the treatments offered through clinical trials at NIH, some patients may not survive. The institution, known for its cutting-edge research and groundbreaking treatments, is now urgently calling for an end to the shutdown, so that it can continue providing hope to patients and their families.