article: Former Virginia Sen. Jim Webb became the first person from either major party to officially launch a presidential exploratory committee to consider running for president in 2016. Webb announced the exploratory committee Wednesday in a 14-minute online video in which he touts his military background and explains his motivations for considering a White House bid. Webb, a Democrat, would seek the Democratic nomination for President, likely facing off against former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, who is widely expected to announce her candidacy in the coming months. "We desperately need to fix our country and to reinforce the values that have sustained us for more than two centuries, many of which have fallen by the wayside in the nasty debates of the last several years," Webb explains in the video. Webb, a Marine Corps veteran who fought in Vietnam, served one term as a Democratic senator from Virginia, but also served in Republican President Ronald Reagan's administration as assistant secretary of defense for reserve affairs before becoming Secretary of the Navy. Webb stresses in his announcement that he is "not a career politician" though he has "proudly spent several periods in government." Webb spends much of the video discussing his and his family's military background. His father served 26 years in the Air Force and he, his brother and his son all joined the Marine Corps. "I fought on one of the Vietnam War's harshest battlefields," Webb says in the video. Webb also taps into the public's frustration with "divisive, paralyzed nature of our government" and hits on popular Democratic themes like poverty and income inequality, signaling that the Democratic Party needs to head in a new direction to help the poor. "The Democratic Party used to be the place where people like these could come not for a handout but for an honest handshake, good full-time jobs, quality education, health care they can afford, and the vital, overriding belief that we're all in this together and the system is not rigged," Webb says. "We can get there again." Launching an exploratory committee is the first step candidates take before formally announcing their candidacy for president and allows them to begin raising funds for an eventual campaign. Webb also seems mindful that he would be an underdog heading into Democratic primaries -- especially if Clinton decides to run -- but notes that he won his Senate seat in Virginia despite having "no money and no staff" when he announced his candidacy and being "more than 30 points behind in the polls."
highlights: Webb announced he is forming an exploratory committee in a 14-minute video . Webb would likely face off against Hillary Clinton for the Democratic nomination . Webb touts his military service and insists he is "not a career politician" in the video . Launching an exploratory committee allows the candidates to begin fundraising .
id: b74bfef5e37441015c069a738adcc697840af9bb
chatgpt: In what could be a serious challenge to presumed front-runner Hillary Clinton, former Senator Jim Webb announced on Thursday that he is forming an exploratory committee in preparation for a potential run for the Democratic presidential nomination in 2016. The announcement was made in a 14-minute video, in which Webb emphasized his military credentials and briskly dismissed Clinton's qualifications. "I bring to the table a different kind of experience," Webb said. "I have a record of service that provides a unique perspective." Webb's announcement comes amid mounting dissatisfaction among some Democrats with Clinton's presumptive candidacy. The former secretary of state has been widely criticized for her handling of the 2012 Benghazi attacks and for her controversial use of a private email server while serving in the State Department. Webb, a Vietnam veteran who served as Navy secretary under President Ronald Reagan, has already begun touting his military experience and his status as a political outsider. "I'm not a career politician, I'm an independent voice," he said in his announcement video. "I didn't go to the Senate to be a politician. I went there to solve problems." Launching an exploratory committee will allow Webb to begin fundraising and assembling a campaign team, providing him with the resources he'll need to mount a credible challenge to Clinton. But he faces an uphill battle in a crowded field that includes other candidates such as Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders and former Maryland Governor Martin O'Malley. Despite the obstacles, Webb is likely to be a formidable opponent. He has a long history of public service and has made a name for himself as a maverick who is unafraid to buck party orthodoxy. He has also been a vocal critic of American interventionism and has called for a more restrained foreign policy. In his announcement video, Webb hinted at what his campaign platform might look like, emphasizing the need to tackle income inequality and the "threat of another economic meltdown." He also vowed to provide "dignity" to working-class Americans and to support universal access to health care. Whether Webb can successfully tap into the anti-Clinton sentiment that is currently roiling the Democratic base remains to be seen. But his candidacy is sure to shake up the race and inject some much-needed energy and competition into what was shaping up to be a one-sided primary campaign. With his experience and proven track record, Webb is poised to be a serious contender for the Democratic nomination.