article: Policing minister Mike Penning said drug driving was a 'deadly menace' Drugged-up drivers face a major police crack down after ministers signed off the first mobile-testing kit for use by officers. The device known as Drugwipe is the first portable tester that can detect the presence of cannabis and cocaine - two of the most common substances used by drug drivers - by analysing a small quantity of saliva. Results are indicated by the appearance of lines on the device - similar to a pregnancy test - within eight minutes. Policing Minister Mike Penning, who announced the device's approval at a road policing conference, said: ‘Drug drivers are a deadly menace and must be stopped. ‘It has long been my ambition as Roads Safety Minister and now as Minister for Policing to take further action on drug driving. ‘Those who get behind the wheel while under the influence of drugs not only put their own lives at risk, but also those of innocent pedestrians, motorists and their passengers.’ Following a positive reading, the police will take the individual to the police station for a blood sample, which will be used in any subsequent prosecution. It is estimated as many as 200 people a year are killed by drivers impaired by drugs. Drugwipe will be used to enforce the existing offence of driving whilst impaired as well as a new drug driving offence set to come into force in March. The penalty under the new offence will be 12 months disqualification, a fine up to £5,000 and up to six months in prison or both. The new law sets limits for eight illegal drugs - cannabis, cocaine, ecstasy and ketamine, heroin, lysergic acid diethylamide, methylamphetamine and MDMA - at very low levels. The police will be able to test drivers for drug use in the same way they can catch boozed-up motorists with police issue breathalysers . AA president Edmund King said: ‘We have known for a long time that drug-driving kills around 200 people every year on UK roads. ‘To tackle this needless waste of life, the police need to be able to test drivers accurately for drugs and we need tough legislation in place to prosecute those who are found to be drug-driving. ‘The approval of drug-testing devices is certainly a move to be welcomed. 'Any driver who has taken the risk of drug-driving in the past should take this as their final warning that drug-drivers will not be tolerated on our roads.’
highlights: Cannabis and cocaine are among the top narcotics used by drug drivers . New 'Drugwipe' device can detect the drugs through a driver's saliva . Results are indicated by  lines on the device within eight minutes .
id: 6571d55b180190b53d39b6493947aecf5261e4d6
chatgpt: Drug driving has become a major concern for road safety authorities as the use of illegal narcotics while driving can impair a driver's ability to recognise and respond to potential danger. While alcohol remains the most commonly known substance that drivers can be tested for, cannabis and cocaine are demonstrating an increase in drug drivers.  Fortunately, a new device known as the "Drugwipe" aims to tackle the problem by detecting the presence of illicit drugs in saliva. It has been designed to be easy to use, with the results of the test appearing on the device within eight minutes of taking the sample. While previous drug testing had relied on police officers mishandling the tests or forging results, Drugwipe's new technology is sure to provide an accurate outcome. The device makes use of advanced chemical analysis to detect the presence of both THC, the active chemical compound in cannabis, and cocaine in a driver's sample. "This new approach offers immediate results and will make a massive contribution towards reducing the number of drug drivers on our roads," said a representative from the Police Science Institute in Germany, which developed the device. Drugwipe is also highly portable and user-friendly, and it can efficiently detect the presence of drugs in the saliva. It can easily fit in a police officer's pocket, making it an ideal tool for use during routine traffic stops or other roadside checks. The working procedure of Drugwipe is simple; the device is wiped across the inside of the driver's oral cavity, which then creates a chemical reaction that can detect the presence of THC and cocaine. The results are indicated by lines on the device with each line representing a different drug. Drugwipe is also highly reliable, with an accuracy of up to 97.8%, according to studies by the World Health Organisation, making it an effective solution to help police officers reduce the number of drug drivers on the road.  Given the adverse effects of driving under the influence, the new device has captured the attention of law-enforcement authorities around the world. The product has already been established in many countries, including the UK, Australia, and New Zealand. The technology has already been implemented by the UK police in various roadside screening procedures, with large-scale rollouts being conducted major cities to help combat drug driving. Indeed, drug driving is a serious issue on our roads with many lives lost due to the recklessness of drug drivers. With the introduction of Drugwipe, there is a new hope that its accuracy, reliability, and simplistic design could help in fighting this issue, keeping all road users on our roads safe.