article: Perris, California (CNN) -- No one has ever intentionally taken a nose dive off the roof of the world before. In the 61 years since Edmund Hillary and sherpa Tenzing Norgay reached the top of Mount Everest, most of the 5,000-plus people have descended from the summit the same way they came up: on foot. A few have paraglided down. Joby Ogwyn has other plans. Everest men: On top of the world in 1963 . The ultra-daredevil plans to plunge off the world's tallest mountain in May while wearing a custom wing-suit equipped with cameras to share the jump with a TV audience. "I'm very scared. I think it's the fear of death or destruction that kind of keeps you above that," he told CNN on Wednesday at skydiving practice. "But I'm not afraid to die. I'm not afraid to live my life on my own terms. And this is my dream and I am willing to risk everything to make it happen." It's not like the 39-year-old Ogwyn is unfamiliar with the 29,035-foot tall mountain. He was 24 the first time he reached the summit, which at the time made him the youngest American to do so. He's scaled the mountain from a base-camp in just 9Â½ hours. And three years ago, he did a test jump from an airplane. Mount Everest: By the numbers . The star of the National Geographic television show "Adventure Wanted" learned the effect the thin air at that height would have on his summit jump. "I thought I would fall out of the sky a little bit," he said. "In fact what I did was fly faster and further than I could have in that thicker air (at lower altitudes)." When he flies in May, he expects to reach speeds of 150 mph during the 10,000-foot dive to base camp. Wingsuit flier dies after cliff crash horror . "I never saw myself as a very gifted athlete," said Ogwyn, who was raised in Louisiana. "I do have a very high threshold for pain and suffering at very high altitudes." He said it's important to win the mental battle. What's in your head and heart are more important than what's in your arms or legs, he said. The Discovery Channel, which televised Nik Wallenda's tight rope walk over the Grand Canyon last year and Felix Baumgartner's jump from the edge of space in 2012, has said it will show Ogwyn's jump live, though no firm date has been set. Ogwyn said he will reach the summit then change into his suit and put on his helmet. He'll take three or four steps. "And I will be out of there." Police to be stationed at Everest base camp following mountain 'brawl' last year . Climbers recount deadly traffic jam on Everest . CNN's Steve Almasy contributed to this report.
highlights: Like many, Joby Ogwyn has scaled Mount Everest then hiked back down . But now he wants to leap from the top in a special suit and fly to a base camp . Louisiana native says he has a high threshold for pain . He expects to reach speeds of 150 mph during the 10,000-foot flight down .
id: f3981c0cad1c30a4a869dcee68b5c5d045b3a8ef
chatgpt: Daring is not a word that comes close to describing American thrill-seeker Joby Ogwyn. The 44-year-old has climbed Mount Everest and hiked back down, a feat accomplished by only a small percentage of the world’s population. But now, Ogwyn is upping the ante. He has set his sights on leaping from the top of the world’s highest mountain and flying down to a base camp using a specially designed suit. Even more impressive is that Ogwyn plans to do this without the help of oxygen or an initial parachute jump. Instead, he will run and then jump off the side of the cliff. The daredevil’s background is rooted in extreme sports, an experience that has prepared him for his latest adventure. The Louisiana native has been working on his project for over two years, and he has a high threshold for pain. The suit, which Ogwyn will wear, was designed to help him survive the sub-zero temperature that he will experience during the descent. In addition, the suit is meant to ensure that he lands safely at the base camp.  Ogwyn previously participated in the 2014 Discovery Channel’s “Everest Jump Live,” which at the time was a first-ever live broadcast from the mountain’s peak. Despite his previous success on the mountain, Ogwyn acknowledges that this latest stunt carries more substantial risks.  "I've been dealing with the fact that I'm going to die for so long that it's not really something I think about. It’s not really a possibility. It's just a question of figuring out the way to do it," Ogwyn said. Preparing for the stunt requires great skill and attention to detail. Safety is a top priority for Ogwyn’s team. They have been working with a team of experts, including world-renowned skydiving coach Jon DeVore, to design the suit that will help Ogwyn survive the treacherous jump. DeVore has previously collaborated with Ogwyn on a number of extreme sports projects. The suit that Ogwyn will wear is made up of five layers, each of which has a specific function. The first layer, made from nomex and kevlar, provides insulation to the body. The second layer, made of neoprene, prevents water from entering the suit. Meanwhile, the third layer is an oxygen mask that will help Ogwyn breathe during the ascent. The fourth layer, made of leather, has a special textile to protect Ogwyn from friction during the jump. Finally, the fifth layer, made of nylon, will help him to slow down during the landing.  If all goes well, Ogwyn’s flight could reach speeds of 150 mph during the almost 10,000-foot descent, thanks to his aerodynamic suit. However, with these speeds come great risks. Even the tiniest of objects, like a rock or ice, could potentially cause significant damage or even be fatal to Ogwyn.  Despite the risks, Ogwyn remains determined to make the jump from Everest. He has put his previous experience and the latest technology to use, and there is every indication that he will succeed in his mission. "I've done everything I can to prepare myself – physically, mentally, and emotionally – for the jump, and now it’s just a matter of executing what we've planned. All goes well, and we'll pull it off," he said. Ogwyn’s leap from the summit of Mount Everest is a testament to human courage and perseverance. Regardless of the outcome, his story is sure to inspire future generations of risk-takers and adventurers.