article: So, will Lewis Hamilton be Happy after Sunday’s Formula One season finale in Abu Dhabi? The Briton, who must finish second to guarantee the title, was, despite the semi-smiles and waves to the crowd, somewhat downbeat after Nico Rosberg stormed to pole in qualifying. Hamilton was unable to match the supremacy of his Mercedes team-mate, but will take some comfort from the fact he starts directly alongside his rival for tomorrow’s race. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Join Lewis Hamilton on a lap of Abu Dhabi's Yas Marina circuit . Lewis Hamilton catches up with Pharrell Williams after Saturday's qualifying session in Abu Dhabi . Hamilton shares a joke with American singers Pharrell and Tyrese Gibson, who was sporting a  bandanna . The American singer is pictured with former Spice Girl Geri Halliwell in the Red Bull garage during qualifying . Pharrell Williams was the centre of attention when he arrived in the Abu Dhabi paddock on Saturday . American hit-maker Pharrell Williams, responsible for the pop anthem Happy, caught up with Hamilton after the qualifying session under the lights in Abu Dhabi. Hamilton has hinted at a career in music after he hangs up his racing gloves, but it is Pharrell who will take centre stage later on Saturday when he headlines tonight’s after-race concert on Yas Island. Pharrell, seen garage hopping during Saturday's qualifying session and pictured speaking to former Spice Girl Geri Halliwell, is the artist  also responsible for the hit ‘Lucky’. It's an adjective which could be used to describe Rosberg if he claims the championship this weekend. Hamilton will start behind pole-sitter Nico Rosberg for Sunday's title-deciding Abu Dhabi Grand Prix . Prince Harry shares a joke with Geri Halliwell in the Red Bull garage in Abu Dhabi . Hamilton failed to put together his best lap and will start second with Valtteri Bottas breathing down his neck . The German has won five fewer races than Hamilton this year, but would pinch the title if he wins on Sunday and Hamilton finishes outside the top two. 'It was a great day again today, it all worked out well,' said Rosberg. 'I put a good lap together in the end, but it's only one very small step. It's about the championship, not about the pole. 'I was hoping for a Williams to be between us, it didn't happen, but hopefully that can be the case tomorrow. 'My mindset now is I need to get the job done, to continue with the form I showed at the last race in Brazil. In any case I'm sure it will be a great race.'
highlights: Hamilton will start behind pole-sitter Nico Rosberg at the Abu Dhabi GP . Rosberg was almost four tenths quicker than team-mate Hamilton . Hamilton will win the championship if he finishes second on Sunday . He spoke to American hit-maker Pharrell Williams after qualifying .
id: 78eb38af2aba469813b7553e7e66980b160e9bf5
chatgpt: Abu Dhabi, UAE - Nico Rosberg secured pole position for the highly anticipated season finale at the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix on Saturday. Championship leader and Mercedes teammate Lewis Hamilton will start behind him, almost four tenths of a second slower. Despite missing out on pole position, Hamilton only needs to finish in second place to clinch his third world championship, regardless of where Rosberg finishes. Hamilton looked confident during practice sessions leading up to the qualifying round, where he posted the fastest lap on Friday. However, Rosberg found his stride at the crucial moment and proved to be a difficult opponent to beat. Hamilton did his best to catch up, but he was unable to match Rosberg's pace, ultimately falling short by a considerable margin. Speaking after the race, Hamilton expressed his disappointment in failing to secure pole position but was confident that he still had plenty to fight for on Sunday. "It's not the result that I wanted, but I have another opportunity to win this championship," Hamilton said. "I'm here to win and that's what I'm going to try to do." Hamilton's determination was evident in his post-qualifying preparations. After speaking with the press, he spent some time with famous American hit-maker Pharrell Williams, who is in the city for a gig. The two spent some time together discussing music and sports, with Hamilton eager to take his mind off the race and unwind. If Hamilton is to win the championship, he must overcome the high pressure of the Abu Dhabi race, which promises to be one of the most competitive and important in recent history. Hamilton's teammate, Rosberg, is just 12 points behind him in the championship standings, and will surely have an eye on the prize himself. One mistake from Hamilton and Rosberg could take advantage and steal the title from right under his nose. Despite the pressure and attention that both drivers will face on Sunday, they will have plenty of support from their teams and the thousands of fans expected to attend the race. Formula One in Abu Dhabi has been one of the highlights of the season, with a stunning track, star-studded crowds, and world-class drivers battling it out on the circuit. The 2016 championship decider promises to be one for the history books, and Hamilton and Rosberg will be looking to leave their mark on the sport. With the championship title in reach, Hamilton has everything to play for on Sunday. Despite starting behind Rosberg on the grid, he is confident that he has what it takes to clinch the championship and take his place in the pantheon of the greatest drivers in Formula One history. Only time will tell who will come out on top in Abu Dhabi, but one thing is for sure: it's going to be an action-packed and thrilling showdown between two of the very best drivers in the world.