article: Football Association chairman Greg Dyke says Chelsea's criticism of the governing body's judgement in handing Nemanja Matic a two-match ban will not result in a change in the rules. Chelsea said they were 'appalled' by the FA's decision to ban Matic for pushing Burnley's Ashley Barnes while taking no action against the Clarets player for his challenge on the Serbian midfielder. Referee Martin Atkinson said he saw Barnes' horror tackle - even though he did not give a foul - meaning the FA could not retrospectively act, drawing fierce criticism from the Barclays Premier League leaders and their manager Jose Mourinho. Greg Dyke has dismissed Jose Mourinho and Chelsea's criticisms of the FA over Nemanja Matic's ban . This studs-up tackle from Ashley Barnes infuriated Matic and Mourinho has backed up his player . Blues boss Mourinho claimed the FA 'lose credibility' by making such decisions, but Dyke brushed off Mourinho's barb, saying: 'I don't get involved in the politics that goes on in the game. Managers say all sorts of things either through disappointment or to get tactical advantage. 'I don't take it too seriously. If you think you've got something wrong, you should do something about it, but I don't think you should get involved in the week-to-week politics of football. 'We have seen it before and I have no doubt we will see it again. They followed the rules. Did the referee see the incident? He says yes. He decided not to take action. That's his decision. Therefore we had no part under our existing rules of getting involved with that because the referee had seen it and decided not to take action. Dyke says the furore over the Matic-Barnes incident alone will not lead to the FA changing their rules . Mourinho appeared on Goals on Sunday to discuss what he has described as a 'campaign' against Chelsea . Matic's furious reaction earned him a three-match ban that was later reduced to two games by the FA . 'Are we going to re-look at the rules? Not on the basis of one. Over time? Maybe.' Mourinho, who has complained about a perceived 'campaign' against Chelsea this season, said on Friday ahead of the Capital One Cup final against Tottenham: 'Strong credibility - this is something English football cannot lose. You lose credibility when a player like Matic is suspended, and another player can play this weekend. 'I don't think you can have any doubt that all around the world people open their mouths with surprise at how this can be possible.' Mourinho spoke out again on Friday about how he felt the English game was losing credibility .
highlights: Greg Dyke says FA will not change their rules on retrospective action . Martin Atkinson said he saw Ashley Barnes tackle on Nemanja Matic . Jose Mourinho claimed the FA was 'losing credibility' with its decision . But Dyke dismissed the criticism as disappointment or for tactical means .
id: a8dc68e2a4e6de71daf620d8f138cc58224cc04d
chatgpt: The English Football Association (FA) has come under fire from Jose Mourinho following its recent decision to ban Chelsea midfielder Nemanja Matic for his reaction to a foul during the Blues' 1-1 draw with Burnley. Chelsea's manager claimed that the FA was 'losing credibility' with its decision while also arguing that the officials got it wrong. Matic was red-carded by referee Martin Atkinson after reacting to a tackle from Ashley Barnes, who was not punished. Mourinho and Chelsea, along with a number of pundits, felt that Barnes' challenge on Matic was dangerous and deserved retrospective punishment. However, FA Chairman Greg Dyke has dismissed the criticism that has been aimed at the organization, claiming that the rules on retrospective action are clearly set out and will not be changed anytime soon, "The rules are simple," he said. "The FA only revisits incidents where an official has not been able to see them. In this case, Martin Atkinson confirmed that he saw the incident and it did not warrant disciplinary action, therefore, the FA had no grounds to step in". Dyke went on to suggest that Mourinho's comments were made out of disappointment or for tactical reasons, rather than a genuine concern for the game. "The FA is committed to upholding the integrity of the game," he said. "We ensure that all incidents are reviewed and dealt with in a consistent manner. The rules are the same for all teams and the FA process is fair and transparent." Many fans and pundits have criticized the FA's decision, arguing that it sends out the wrong message about dangerous tackles and could lead to players being singled out unfairly. Some have also suggested that the FA should review the rules around retrospective action in light of the incident involving Matic. However, it appears that the FA is standing firm on its position, and it is unlikely that the rules will be changed anytime soon. Mourinho and Chelsea will have to accept the decision and move on, as the Premier League title race heats up. The incident has once again highlighted the contentious issue of retrospective action in football and whether the rules need to be reviewed to ensure consistency and fairness. With the pressure on referees and officials increasing every season, it seems that this is a debate that will continue to rage on for the foreseeable future.