article: (CNN) -- While a 5-year-old victim of an alleged rape recovers in a New Delhi hospital, India's prime minister admits that his country has "vast improvements to make" when it comes to "the safety, security and status of women in our society," and protesters are taking to the streets of the Indian capital. The little girl is stable, conscious and alert, her doctor, D.K. Sharma, said Sunday. The girl's neighbor, who allegedly raped her, was arrested in Bihar state in eastern India, then brought to New Delhi in police custody, city police spokesman Rajan Bhagat said. The suspect is expected in court Monday and will not be eligible for bail, Bhagat said. Indian police say the suspect abducted the 5-year-old last Sunday, locked her in his house and brutally raped her repeatedly before she was found semiconscious Wednesday on the ground floor of her building. Opinion: India can learn respect for women . Doctors said they had to remove foreign objects, including candle pieces and a small bottle, from the girl's genitals. The assault came just four months after a 23-year-old physiotherapy student was gang raped in a moving bus, triggering seething protests in India. She later died at a Singapore hospital. Criticized for what was seen as a slow response to the savage December attack, Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh was quick to issue a statement this time, calling the act "shameful." Sunday, in a follow-up statement, Singh said, "The gruesome assault on a little girl a few days back reminds us once again of the need to work collectively to root out this sort of depravity from our society." Protests have swept through New Delhi since Friday. Many demonstrators are members of a political party of a leading anti-corruption activist, Arvind Kejriwal. Outside the prime minister's residence Sunday, nonviolent demonstrators conducted a sit-in. Video from CNN affiliate CNN-IBN showed police removing the protesters. As the nation's media ran footage of a police officer slapping a female protester outside a hospital Sunday, Singh ordered strict action against the officer and anyone else who roughed up demonstrators. The offending officer was suspended, Bhagat said. 3 girls, allegedly raped, found dead in India well . 5 men confess to gang-raping Swiss tourist in India . CNN's Harmeet Shah Singh contributed from New Delhi and Aliza Kassim from Atlanta.
highlights: Indian prime minister says India needs "vast improvements" on women's safety . The alleged rape of a 5-year-old girl has sparked demonstrations all weekend in India . The girl is recovering and is in stable condition, doctors say . This is the latest high-profile alleged rape in India, after a gang rape on a bus in December .
id: 1b8a95e26b13469f9a8774dcc461c3ad6f015c36
chatgpt: Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has called for "vast improvements" to be made to the safety of women in India after yet another alleged rape incident in the country. A 5-year-old girl was reportedly raped, sparking protests across India throughout the weekend. Thankfully, doctors have reported that the girl is now in stable condition and is on the road to recovery. This latest high-profile alleged rape has brought back memories of a similar attack that happened back in December 2012. A 23-year-old medical student was brutally gang-raped on a bus in Delhi and later passed away due to the severity of her injuries. The incident sparked mass protests across India and brought the issue of women's safety to the forefront of national discussion. Modi, who took office in 2014, has been vocal about tackling the issue of women's safety in India. In a speech back in 2015, he said, "we cannot accept the fact that women are not safe in India. We need to change this. We need to bring about a revolution in our thinking and in our actions towards women." Despite Modi's promises to improve women's safety, however, the problem persists, with rape and sexual assault being reported on a regular basis. A report by the National Crime Records Bureau from 2019 found that there were over 32,000 cases of rape reported that year alone. Protests have been taking place across India in response to the recent incident, with many calling for more to be done to protect women and for stricter punishments for those found guilty of sexual assault. The case has also gained international attention, with many around the world expressing their support for the young victim and calling for an end to violence against women. As of now, it remains to be seen whether Modi and the Indian government will be able to make the necessary changes to ensure that women are safe in the country. However, with mounting pressure from both within India and abroad, there is hope that real change can be made to put an end to sexual violence against women in the country once and for all.