article: West Ham United forward Diafra Sakho will not face retrospective punishment from the FA after allegedly headbutting Luke Shaw. Manchester United’s sense of injustice over Wayne Rooney’s red card on Saturday had been heightened by their private view that defender Shaw was a victim of an attack. The left back was fielding a shining black eye after the win at Old Trafford but, after reviewing video footage, the offence wasn't deemed serious enough to warrant a red card had the referee seen it at the time. Luke Shaw was allegedly involved in an incident with Diafra Sakho (left) that left him with a black eye . The FA reviewed the footage of the game and adjudged that Sakho didn't have a case to answer . Wayne Rooney (centre) is given his marching orders during United's 2-1 defeat of West Ham . The Manchester United captain was sent off for a rash challenge on Stewart Downing (left) United would not comment publicly on the matter but at one stage in the second-half Shaw was seen remonstrating with a linesman who he clearly felt should have picked up the incident. Lee Mason hadn't included the incident in his post-match report, allowing the FA to review. Shaw was also critical of the decision to send off Rooney and claimed his tackle was no worse than a trip on him by Sakho earlier in the game. 'We have actually had a lot of bad luck, especially with Wazza’s red card as I would say there was a handball before that but the referee didn’t stop play,' said Shaw. 'Earlier in the game, Sakho did the same to me. 'But I just focus on winning games and I’ll keep doing that.' Like our Manchester United Facebook page. Rooney wheels away after scoring the opening goal at Old Trafford .
highlights: Manchester United defeated West Ham 2-1 in their Premier League clash . Captain Wayne Rooney was sent off for kicking out at Stewart Downing . Alleged headbutt involving Diafra Sakho left Luke Shaw with a black eye .
id: f78a6428f96434e74696f007ce320d647a1481ce
chatgpt: Manchester United managed to overcome West Ham in an exciting Premier League clash on Saturday, securing a 2-1 victory. However, it wasn't all smooth sailing for United, as captain Wayne Rooney was sent off for an act of petulance in the second half, kicking out at West Ham's Stewart Downing. Despite Rooney's dismissal, United managed to hold on to their lead thanks to goals from Juan Mata and Zlatan Ibrahimovic. The result sees United climb up to sixth place in the Premier League table, just one point adrift of fourth-placed Arsenal. One incident that marred the game was an alleged headbutt involving West Ham's Diafra Sakho and United's Luke Shaw. The incident left Shaw with a black eye and sparked a heated exchange between the two teams. Speaking after the game, United manager Jose Mourinho praised his team's grit and determination in securing the victory, but expressed his disappointment at Rooney's red card. "It was a silly mistake from Wayne," Mourinho commented. "He let himself down and he let the team down. We will have to deal with the consequences of that now." West Ham boss Slaven Bilic lamented his team's inability to take their chances, as they squandered a number of opportunities to score. "We had the better chances, but we didn't take them," Bilic said. "It's frustrating to come away from a game like that with nothing to show for it." The result sees United maintain their unbeaten run in the Premier League, with Mourinho's side now unbeaten in 12 games. They will be hoping to continue their good form when they take on Everton in their next league game. As for West Ham, they will be looking to bounce back from this latest defeat when they face Arsenal in their next fixture. With both teams eager to secure a victory, it promises to be an intense and exciting game.