article: (CNN) -- He's the man who rolled into a bedroom in Abbottabad, Pakistan, raised his gun and shot Osama bin Laden three times in the forehead. Nearly two years later, the SEAL Team Six member is a secret celebrity with nothing to show for the deed; no job, no pension, no recognition outside a small circle of colleagues. Journalist Phil Bronstein profiled the man in the March issue of Esquire, calling him only the Shooter -- a husband, father and SEAL Team Six member who says he happened to pull the trigger on the notorious terrorist. It's a detailed account of how the raid unfolded, and what comes after for those involved. The headline splashed across the cover reads, "The man who killed Osama bin Laden ... is screwed." In a statement the Navy responded: "We have no information to corroborate these new assertions. We take seriously the safety and security of our people, as well as our responsibility to assist sailors making a transition to civilian life. Without more information about this particular case, it would be difficult to determine the degree to which our transition programs succeeded." "They spent, in the case of the shooter, 16 years doing exactly what they're trained to do, which is going out on these missions, deployment after deployment, killing people on a regular basis, " said Bronstein, executive chairman of the Center for Investigative Reporting. "They finally get to the point where they don't want to do that anymore." Bronstein reported that the man left SEAL Team Six in September. His family's health care coverage ceased. Because he retired before the 20-year mark, he gets no pension. The Shooter is judicious about the details of his story and hasn't been involved in dramatic books, movies or video games that will make millions for some. It's out of loyalty to his work and concern about his family's safety, Bronstein said. The shooter worries what could happen if his name went public, like Matt Bissonnette, the SEAL whose identity was revealed after he published the book "No Easy Day" using a pseudonym. CNN can't verify the account in Esquire, or the one in Bissonnette's book. Bronstein reported that the Shooter was offered some witness protection, but no such program exists yet. Home life is a struggle, too. The Shooter and his wife are separated, Bronstein wrote, although they live in the same house -- "on very friendly, even loving terms" -- to save money. He has done consulting work, Bronstein told CNN's Wolf Blitzer, but it's not clear how long it will last. "They suddenly find themselves trying to translate into a civilian world that they're not used, and they haven't been used to for decades," Bronstein said. "I think he has nightmares about how he's going to support his family, and how he's going to feed his family." Watch The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer weekdays at 4pm to 6pm ET and Saturdays at 6pm ET. For the latest from The Situation Room click here.
highlights: Navy SEAL who shot Osama bin Laden has no military pension or health care, report says . Journalist Phil Bronstein profiles man he calls the Shooter in the March issue of Esquire . Bronstein: "He has nightmares about how he's going to support his family"
id: 7c874ef169961d067a7b69d26cff75f8db6bc33b
chatgpt: A Navy SEAL who was credited with shooting terrorist mastermind Osama bin Laden during the 2011 raid in Pakistan has reportedly found himself without military pension or health care. According to a story published on Tuesday by the Center for Investigative Reporting (CIR), the unnamed SEAL, now out of the military, has no pension or health benefits, and is struggling to support his family. Journalist Phil Bronstein met the man in the March issue of Esquire, calling him the "Shooter". In that piece, the SEAL said the lack of a pension could be a death sentence, and that he had nightmares about how he would take care of his family if he died. "He's taken some bad shots, suffered some wounds. He's had some operations," Bronstein said. "But a lot of the health care he gets is scheduled to run out in a few months." The CIR reports that SEALs who serve 20 years receive a pension worth 50% of their base pay and healthcare for life. Those who leave the service before the 20-year mark receive nothing. Those who are medically discharged due to injuries they sustained in service may receive benefits, but not all do. The SEAL in question left the military after 16 years of service, which rendered him ineligible for the pension and benefits package. The CIR report said that the SEAL had a difficult time transitioning to civilian life, given his unique military background and lack of formal education. "That means no pension, no health care, and no protection for himself or his family," the report noted. The report quoted the SEAL as saying that he initially began to support himself and his family by speaking at events or otherwise capitalizing on his reputation as the man who killed bin Laden. However, the SEAL said that that was only a temporary solution. "If I don’t make a decision soon, it will be too late," he reportedly told Bronstein. The lack of support offered to former SEALs is concerning, given how often those in the service put their lives in danger, said Bronstein. He urged politicians to offer more support and protection to veterans. "I’m sending my story out there, not to get publicity for myself, but to change policy," Bronstein said. "Whatever happens to him, he is still a hero. … And I’d like this country to remember that."