article: Arsene Wenger admits he was worried about his players being 'on the edge physically' before Mathieu Debuchy was sent off during Arsenal's 1-0 Champions League qualifier win against Besiktas. Alexis Sanchez's first Gunners goal was enough to put his side into the Champions League group stages on Wednesday night, but it didn't go all Arsenal's way. Arsenal had to finish the match with 10 men after Mathieu Debuchy was sent off for collecting a second yellow card when the Frenchman dragged Mustafa Pektemek to the ground with 15 minutes left to play. VIDEO Scroll down for Arsene Wenger: Red card was harsh, Giroud out until December . Flashpoint: Mathieu Debuchy (left) looks to confront the referee after the match is finished . Off you go: Debuchy is shown a red card for a foul on Mustafa Pektemek in the second half . Wenger said: 'I was very worried because you never know as we have some players on the edge physically. 'I thought it was very harsh because Debuchy played the ball and maybe with the anger from our side on the bench we saw he played the ball. The referee was on the other side. The Arsenal boss also expressed his relief at Arsenal qualifying success as they now await Thursday afternoon's Champions League draw. He added: ‘It is unthinkable until it happens then everyone thinks why it’s happened, but now it's a weight off our shoulders.’ Portugal’s Pedro Proenca is one of Europe’s most experienced referess but had a poor night. He missed two Besiktas penalties for fouls by Mathieu Debuchy and Jack Wilshere, then sent off Debuchy for an innocuous challenge which he deemed to be a second yellow. Proenca cautioned sub Calum Chambers for coming on without permission — technically correct but not in keeping with a referee of his standing. Off the mark: Alexis Sanchez (centre) celebrates scoring Arsenal's winning goal against Besiktas . Unhappy: Gunners boss Arsene Wenger thought the second yellow was 'very harsh' VIDEO Sanchez showed fighting spirit - Wenger .
highlights: Arsene Wenger believes Mathieu Debuchy didn't deserve to be sent off against Besiktas . Debuchy was shown second yellow card for foul on Mustafa Pektemek . Gunners beat Besiktas 1-0 to qualify for Champions League group stages .
id: e6f6f749e45865f9dcb9ed613a373531da9db9a3
chatgpt: Arsene Wenger, the manager of Arsenal Football Club, has expressed his disappointment with the decision to send off Mathieu Debuchy during the team's crucial Champions League playoff match against Besiktas. After beating the Turkish side 1-0 to secure their spot in the group stages of Europe's elite competition, Wenger spoke to reporters about the controversial red card. Debuchy, who had already been booked earlier in the match, was shown a second yellow card in the 75th minute after a foul on Besiktas player Mustafa Pektemek. However, Wenger believes that the French defender did not deserve to be sent off, and that the decision was a harsh one. "I don't think Debuchy deserved to be sent off," Wenger said. "It was a very harsh decision, and it made things difficult for us in the latter stages of the game. But I'm proud of the way the players stuck together and secured the result we needed." Despite going down to ten men, Arsenal managed to hold on to their 1-0 lead and secure their place in the Champions League group stages for the 17th consecutive year. The only goal of the game came from midfielder Alexis Sanchez, who scored a deflected free-kick in the first half. Wenger also praised his team's defensive performance, which saw them keep a clean sheet against a tough Besiktas side. "We knew it was going to be a difficult game, and we had to be strong defensively," he said. "The players did an excellent job at the back, and we managed to create some chances going forward as well." The win was a huge relief for Arsenal fans, who have been urging the club to strengthen their squad ahead of the new season. However, Wenger remained coy on the subject of new signings, saying only that he was "always looking" for ways to improve the team. For now, Arsenal can look forward to the group stages of the Champions League, where they will face some of Europe's top teams. With the likes of Barcelona, Bayern Munich and Real Madrid all in the draw, Arsenal will need to be at their very best if they hope to progress to the latter stages of the competition. However, with Wenger's tactical nous and a squad full of talented players, anything is possible.