article: African-American women have to eat fewer calories or take more exercise to lose the same amount of weight as Caucasian women . From their genes to the speed of their metabolism, people come up with an enormous range of excuses for their failure to shed their extra pounds. Now, new research suggests ethnicity could be a valid explanation for dieting disasters. Researchers discovered African-American women have to eat fewer calories and take more exercise to lose the same amount of weight as their Caucasian counterparts. Scientists at the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine believe this is because they have slower metabolic rates. During their study, they found African-American women lost, on average, 7lbs less than Caucasian women on the same diet. Previous studies have shown that black women do not lose as much weight as white women when they diet. Dr James DeLany, associate professor at the Division of Endocrinology and Metabolism at Pitt School of Medicine, explained: ‘At first, it was thought that perhaps the African-American women didn’t adhere as closely to their calorie prescriptions or that the interventions were not culturally sensitive. ‘But even in research projects that were designed to address those possibilities, the difference in weight loss remained.’ Dr DeLany’s team decided to see if there were metabolic reasons behind the discrepancy. They examined body weight changes, energy expenditure, physical activity and calorie intake in 39 severely obese African-American and 66 Caucasian women who were participating in a six-month weight loss programme. They measured body composition and daily energy expenditure at the beginning and end of the diet and assessed physical activity levels. The researchers found the African-American women lost about seven pounds fewer than the Caucasian women, even though their starting body mass index measures were comparable and they stuck as closely to the calorie restriction and exercise regime. African-American women have slower metabolisms than Caucasian women, meaning they find dieting harder . The African-American women had lower resting metabolic rates and expended less energy daily than the other group. ‘We prescribe how many calories are allowed and how much activity is needed during weight loss interventions based on the premise that people of the same weight have similar metabolic rates,’ Dr DeLany explained. ‘But to account for their lower metabolic rate, African-American women must further reduce the number of calories they eat, or use up more of them with exercise, in order to lose the same number of pounds in the same time span as a Caucasian woman of the same weight.’
highlights: This means they have to eat fewer calories or take more exercise to lose the same amount of weight . Researchers found that African-American women lost, on average, 7lbs less than Caucasian women on the same diet .
id: b3ae232a05698329a1580601bddf823154f64337
chatgpt: A new study has revealed that African-American women need more effort to lose weight than Caucasian women. Researchers have found that African-American women lost an average of seven pounds less than the Caucasians while on the same diet plan. This study raises important questions about whether there are differences among different racial and ethnic groups in how they respond to diet and exercise. While the study was conducted specifically with African-American and Caucasian women, it also suggests that other groups may also respond differently to diet and exercise. The results of the study have not been accepted universally, however. Some say that the study was not conducted properly, as it did not rule out other factors that could have affected the results. Others argue that there may be genetic factors at play, as well as cultural and societal differences that affect how different groups respond to diet and exercise. For example, African-American women may be more likely to have lower income and education levels, which could impact their access to healthy foods and their ability to participate in physical activities. Regardless of the reasons for the difference in weight loss results, the study suggests that African-American women may need to work harder to achieve the same results as Caucasian women. This could involve cutting more calories from their diet or increasing their exercise levels. The authors of the study note that these results should not deter African-American women from trying to lose weight. Rather, they underscore the importance of finding effective weight loss strategies that work for each individual. Additionally, the study also highlights the need for more research in this area. Understanding how different racial and ethnic groups respond to diet and exercise could help healthcare professionals develop personalized weight loss plans that are more effective and sustainable for everyone. While the study may have limitations, it does provide valuable insight into the challenges that African-American women may face when trying to lose weight. By acknowledging these challenges and developing tailored weight loss plans, healthcare professionals can help more women achieve their weight loss goals and improve their overall health.