article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . A photographer whose unforgettable image of a crowd of people watching in horror as the World Trade Center burned is trying to locate his subjects. Patrick Witty was on the scene in Manhattan’s Financial District 12 years ago and the image he caught has since been published dozens of times worldwide. Since starting his quest on September 11 last year, Witty has identified two of the people in his iconic photo, but he’s nowhere near finished. Engaging: Twelve years later, Patrick Witty, the man who snapped this iconic photo of horrified onlookers in Lower Manhattan on September 11, 2001, wants to meet his subjects . ‘I want to know them all,’ Witty wrote on Time.com’s Lightbox blog. The photographer is now the international photo editor for Time magazine. On September 11, 2001, he was a freelance photographer living in Manhattan’s Lower East Side. ‘I heard screaming on the roof of my building, and went up and saw the World Trade Center on fire,’ Witty told Yahoo News. ‘When the second plane hit, I grabbed my camera gear and went down there.’ Witty stayed and took photos of the ash-covered aftermath until the police kicked him out. Found: Benjamin Tabile is pictured here with unidentified family. He is one of the two subjects of Witty's photo who've come forward since the photographer began searching for names to put with the faces . What they saw: Witty's subjects were looking up just as the South Tower began to collapse . But it is just one of his pictures that has become a part of the nation’s collective consciousness, a photo he calls ‘a cross-section of New Yorkers, united in terror, standing at Park Row and Beekman Street in lower Manhattan.’ Last year, Witty posted his photo on Facebook and Twitter in the hopes of contacting each and every person he captured on film that day. ‘After it was shared more than 10,000 times,’ he said. ‘I now know two of them.’ One of those people is Benjamin Tabile. Witty was contacted by Tabile’s son Edward after he posted his photo on September 11 last year. Tabile is the man at the center of the photograph wearing glasses. He looks more shocked than the others, and with good reason. He was on his way to the World Trade Center that day for a job interview, but was running late. ‘As I walked out of the subway, I saw the building on fire and didn’t know why,’ he told Time. ‘I was in complete shock. I would have been in that building while the planes hit.’ Witty believes there are other stories like that contained in his photo and he wants to hear them. He urges anyone who recognizes someone in the photo to reach him at patrick_witty@timemagazine.com. He’s also on Twitter @patrickwitty.
highlights: Patrick Witty's photo of people staring up as the South Tower began to crumble has been republished dozens of times worldwide . He's now met two of his subjects, including Benjamin Tabile, but he's posted his image on social media to meet more of them .
id: 62d7b19daff52b74f4c8e160c4bc7397d9625ed7
chatgpt: Patrick Witty's iconic photo of people staring up as the South Tower began to crumble on 9/11 has been republished dozens of times worldwide. The haunting image captures the collective shock and horror experienced by those on the ground as they witnessed the unprecedented and devastating attack on the World Trade Center. Now, nearly two decades later, Witty has met two of his subjects, including Benjamin Tabile, who can be seen in the photograph staring up at the collapsing tower with a look of disbelief on his face. Tabile, who worked as a computer technician at the time, recalls the chaotic scene and the deafening sound of the tower's collapse.  "It was something that you see in the movies but you never actually think it's going to happen in real life," Tabile says. "It was the day that changed America forever." Witty, a former photo editor for TIME magazine, posted the image on social media in the hopes of connecting with more of his subjects. "I wanted to find these people not to exploit them, but to honor them," Witty says. "To me, they represent the best of humanity - people who were willing to risk their lives to help others." The response to Witty's post was overwhelming, with dozens of people reaching out to him and sharing their stories of that fateful day. Many of them were first responders, who rushed towards the World Trade Center to help in any way they could. "I've spoken to firefighters who were there that day, who found themselves in my photograph," Witty says. "For them, it's a way to remember their fallen comrades and to honor their sacrifice." The photograph has become a symbol of resilience and strength in the face of tragedy, and Witty believes that it still has the power to bring people together. "9/11 was a defining moment in our history," Witty says. "But it was also a moment where people came together, where strangers helped each other, where we saw the best of humanity. I think that's what this photograph represents." As the 20th anniversary of 9/11 approaches, Witty plans to continue his search for more of his subjects, and to share their stories with the world. "I hope that this photograph can remind us of the humanity that existed on that day, and of the courage and resilience that we're capable of showing in the face of unimaginable tragedy," Witty says. "We must never forget."