article: She used the offensive word during an ITV2 interview after being voted off I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out Of Here! By . Ben Spencer . PUBLISHED: . 20:57 EST, 29 November 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 04:21 EST, 30 November 2012 . A TV chef was embroiled in a race row last night for referring to boxer David Haye as a ‘monkey’. Rosemary Shrager, 61, used the offensive word in an ITV2 interview after she was voted off I’m A Celebrity…Get Me Out Of Here! She said: ‘I have to just say this live on television – David is such a hunk!’ Bursting out laughing, she added: ‘I’m a middle-aged lady, and I saw him coming through the jungle, like this monkey! ‘But lovely, you know, he looked so fit, and I thought, this is terrific.’ Scroll down to watch for yourself . Massage: David Haye helped Rosemary Shrager relax during her time in the jungle . Laura Whitmore, who was interviewing her, looked flustered after Mrs Shrager’s outburst, fanning her face with her notes and saying: ‘This conversation is a bit … whoof, we’d better move on from this.’ Viewers took to internet forums and social networking sites to express their dismay. Chloeb said on Digital Spy: ‘I just had to rewind ... did Rosemary say seeing David was like seeing a monkey?’ Jambob replied: ‘Rosemary is just a bit oblivious, sure she isn’t aware of the offensive connotations.’ Lostindex added: ‘She said that too. Horrifying!!! Hope it gets picked up on.’ And Cassy990 said: ‘Awkward moment to say the least, clearly she didn’t engage her brain when she said that!’ Gaff: Shrager said the offensive word during an ITV2 interview after she was voted off the programme . Close: The pair got on during their stay in the jungle and Haye said Shrager was one of the camp mates most interested in boxing . Viewers also took to Twitter to express their shock. Daniel Maxwell added: ‘Wow. Rosemary Shrager just described seeing David Haye walking through the jungle like seeing a monkey!!! Can’t say that these days Rosie!’ But others dismissed the fuss, saying she had not said it out of racism. Scott Geller said: ‘I’m pretty certain it was harmless but I smell a storm-a-brewin’.’ Mrs Shrager, who survived for 12 days before her eviction, had an argument with fellow contestant and former Made In Chelsea star Hugo Taylor which appeared to turn viewers against her. Earlier this week the show’s producers were accused of cruelty for using seven-year-old Kiki, the daughter of actress and jungle competitor Charlie Brooks, as a prize during a game to win luxuries. Hundreds of viewers complained on discussion forums. VIDEO: A relaxed David explained the need for his naked showers on yesterday's show .
highlights: She used the offensive word during an ITV2 interview after being voted off I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out Of Here!
id: ea7ac6740c6178d8c188c913012725c51e443528
chatgpt: Reality TV star, Tessa Smith, has come under fire for using a highly offensive word during an ITV2 interview. The former I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out Of Here! contestant used the term to describe one of her fellow competitors, and the resulting backlash has been swift and severe. Smith was voted off the popular reality show in a surprise result, and in her post-eviction interview with ITV2, she let slip her true feelings about her time in camp. When asked about her experience with the other celebrities in camp, Smith used a racial slur to describe one of her fellow contestants. The comment received immediate backlash, with many viewers expressing their outrage on social media. It wasn't long before Smith's comments began to make headlines, and her fate as a contestant on the show was sealed. In response to the controversy, ITV2 released a statement condemning Smith's behavior. "We do not tolerate language of this nature and are taking immediate action to address the issue," the statement read. Smith has since issued a public apology for her comments, stating that she "sincerely regrets" using the offensive word. "I am deeply sorry for the hurt that my words have caused," she said in a statement. "I know that my actions have consequences, and I am willing to face those consequences." But the damage has already been done, and many are calling for Smith to face additional consequences beyond her dismissal from the reality show. Some have called for her entire career to be cancelled, while others have proposed sensitivity training or other forms of education to help Smith better understand the gravity of her words. The controversy is just the latest in a series of incidents involving racial insensitivity in the entertainment industry. Many are calling for greater accountability and responsibility among celebrities and media outlets when it comes to addressing issues of prejudice and discrimination. In the wake of the incident, ITV2 has pledged to take steps to promote greater awareness and understanding of diversity and inclusion. "We are committed to promoting a culture of respect and understanding on all of our shows," the statement read. As for Smith, the fallout from her comments continues to escalate. Her future as a celebrity remains uncertain, and many are watching closely to see how she will respond to the growing backlash. For now, it seems clear that the specter of racial insensitivity will continue to haunt the entertainment industry, and that those who choose to use hurtful and discriminatory language will be held accountable for their actions.