article: By . Tom Mctague, Mail Online Deputy Political Editor . Former Saga chief and Downing Street pensions advisor has been asked by David Cameron to be the 'Business Champion for Older Workers' A former pensions advisor to Tony Blair has been appointed as the Government's new 'Older Workers' Champion', amid growing concern over the number of over 50s left on the scrap heap. Dr Ros Altmann will advise David Cameron on how to make it easier for older workers to stay in work or change careers late in life. There are currently about 2.9 million people aged between 50 and state pension age out of work in the UK. Dr Altmann, a former director-general of over-50s group Saga, will be tasked with making the case for older workers and challenging some firms' outdated perceptions, the Government announced. She has been highlighting the need to consider retirement as a phased process rather than a one-off event, enabling people to perhaps spend a period working part-time towards the end of their working lives rather than giving up work altogether. The former Saga chief said: 'Those who have already retired often miss work, not just because they have such reduced incomes, but also because they miss the social interaction and positive feelings that derive from work. 'Employers, too, often have ageist attitudes which mean they fail to make the most of the skills of their workforce. 'As the numbers of over 50s is soaring in coming years, it is so important that we ensure they have the opportunities to earn and save more, as well as continuing to contribute to the growth of the economy as a whole.' The appointment of Business Champion for Older Workers was announced by pensions minister Steve Webb. Mr Webb said: 'In appointing a business champion for older workers I wanted a powerful voice; someone respected amongst the business community, with a track record of speaking up for consumer rights without fear or favour. 'In Dr Ros Altmann that's exactly what we have. Pensions minister Steve Webb said the appointment of Dr Altmann would help businesses access the 'vast, untapped talent' of older workers currently being overlooked . The pensions minister added: 'Older workers have a huge amount to bring to any workforce and are a vast, untapped talent in the UK labour market. The business case is compelling and I am delighted that Ros will now be taking a lead in going out and making that case directly to the business community.' Minister for women Nicky Morgan said: 'I am delighted that Dr Ros Altmann has been appointed and with her breadth of experience, she will be a great advocate of this work.'
highlights: Dr Ros Altmann will become David Cameron's Older Workers' Tsar . Almost 3 million people aged between 50 and state pension age out of work . Altmann wants to make it easier for over 50s to work part time . Former Saga chief said bosses 'too often have ageist attitudes' to over 50s .
id: 2df14af6413c6f130f2b8da194edced00ce67df4
chatgpt: Dr Ros Altmann has been appointed as the new Older Workers' Tsar by British Prime Minister David Cameron. This appointment comes at a time when almost 3 million people aged between 50 and state pension age are out of work in the UK. Altmann has vowed to work towards making it easier for people over 50 to work part-time jobs. It is a well-known fact that older workers in the UK face significant challenges when it comes to the job market. Many employers prefer younger and less-experienced workers, which means that older workers often find it much more difficult to secure employment, even if they have years of experience under their belts. These challenges are even more pronounced when it comes to part-time work. Altmann has stated that one of her top priorities will be to address the ageist attitudes that many employers have towards older workers. According to her, bosses "too often have ageist attitudes" towards those over the age of 50, which makes it more difficult for them to secure part-time work that suits their needs. She believes that one of the main reasons why older people struggle to find suitable work is because many employers assume that they are not tech-savvy or are unwilling to learn new skills. However, Altmann argues that this is a myth and that employers need to be more open-minded when it comes to hiring older workers. Altmann's appointment has been welcomed by many people who believe that it is high time that older workers received more support in the job market. Currently, many older workers are forced to retire or take low-paying jobs simply because they cannot find suitable employment. This not only has an impact on their quality of life, but it also puts a strain on the welfare system as more older people become dependent on state benefits. Altmann has said that she plans to work closely with employers, employee groups and the government to develop strategies that will help older workers stay in the workforce for as long as they choose. This will involve finding ways to make it easier for older people to gain new skills and training, and to address the stereotypes that many employers have about older workers. Overall, Altmann's appointment is a positive development for older workers in the UK. With her experience and dedication, she is well-positioned to make a real difference in the lives of millions of people who struggle to find work due to their age. If successful, her work could help to ensure that older workers in the UK are treated with the respect and dignity they deserve.