article: (CNN) -- Another controversial immigration bill is on the horizon in the South, a regional battleground that has seen a number of states pass reforms on illegal immigration. Mississippi's Republican-dominated House of Representatives voted 70-47 Thursday to pass the "Support Our Law Enforcement and Safe Neighborhood Act." The bill now goes to the Senate for approval, where it is also expected to pass. Both the House and Senate are controlled by Republicans, who won majorities last year for the first time in 140 years. Gov. Phil Bryant, a Republican who supports the measure, said he believes too little has been done on immigration policies and a crackdown is urgently needed. "Perhaps it's boat-rocking time in Mississippi," said Bryant, surrounded by fellow supporters of HB 488 at the state Capitol, where he passionately advocated for immigration reform. The Mississippi bill includes measures like requiring police to check the immigration status of people who are arrested. It would also prohibit any "business transactions," including renewing a driver's license and getting a business license. "Illegal immigration eliminates a lot of jobs for people who want to provide for their families. Passing this bill will open up more jobs and lower unemployment for the state," said Rodney Hunt, chairman of the Mississippi Federation for Immigration Reform and Enforcement, a proponent of immigration reform. Neighboring Alabama has one of the strictest immigration reform laws in the country. The U.S. Court of Appeals for the 11th Circuit, based in Atlanta, temporarily blocked the enforcement of two provisions of the Alabama law: one voiding contracts signed by those in the United States illegally and another prohibiting illegal immigrants from having transactions with the state for services, including licenses. The Southern Poverty Law Center said it has told Mississippi it will sue the state if the bill passes. "I would suggest that just because the state can pass that doesn't mean it's a good idea," said Mary Bower, legal director for the SPLC. Said the governor's spokesman, Mick Bullock: "Governor Bryant will not be deterred." A number of Southern states, including Lousiana, Tennessee, South Carolina and Georgia, passed similar immigration laws at the start of the year in the wake of a controversial law passed in Arizona in 2010. The Arizona law became the focus of national media and legal attention. Among other provisions, it would require that local police, during the enforcement of other laws, check the immigration status of anyone they suspected of being undocumented. The U.S. Supreme Court plans to consider a challenge to Arizona's law in April.
highlights: The state's House of Representatives passed the bill Thursday . It now goes to the Senate for approval . The Southern Poverty Law Center opposes the measure . It follows a wave of similar measures across the South .
id: 9c831b641780e584cf55ba3291e238b25ccf5df8
chatgpt: The state's House of Representatives passed a controversial bill yesterday, sparking debate and criticism from various groups. The bill, aimed at protecting historical monuments and statues, would make it illegal to remove or alter any monument that has been on public grounds for more than 40 years. Supporters of the bill argue that it promotes preservation of history and culture, while opponents argue that it prioritizes the feelings of a select few over the rights and experiences of marginalized communities. The bill now moves on to the Senate for approval, and it is unclear which way the vote will go. The Southern Poverty Law Center, a nonprofit organization that advocates for civil rights and fights against hate and bigotry, opposes the measure. In a statement released yesterday, the SPLC argued that the bill would "preserve monuments to the Confederacy and white supremacy, perpetuating the harmful myth of the Lost Cause and disregarding the experiences and perspectives of millions of Americans." This bill follows a wave of similar measures across the South, where many cities and states have been grappling with the issue of Confederate monuments and their place in public spaces. Last year, several cities removed statues and plaques honoring Confederate soldiers, sparking both protests and celebrations. Supporters of the bill argue that monuments honoring Confederate soldiers and leaders are an important part of the state's history and heritage, and that removing them erases or distorts important cultural and political moments. They also argue that removing monuments based on contemporary political views amounts to a form of censorship, as the context of the monuments should be considered in their preservation. Opponents of the bill argue that these monuments glorify white supremacy and racism, and that their presence on public grounds is a form of intimidation and oppression. They argue that these monuments were erected during times of segregation and violence against Black Americans, and that preserving them perpetuates a legacy of hate and violence. This issue has become increasingly divisive, with tensions heightened by recent racial justice protests and a national reckoning with systemic racism. Some argue that preserving Confederate monuments in public spaces is equivalent to erecting statues of Hitler or other symbols of oppression. The fate of this bill remains uncertain, as it heads to the Senate for further discussion and possible amendments. Whatever the outcome, it is clear that the debate over historical monuments and their place in contemporary society is far from over.