article: (CNN) -- Six children ages 1 to 7 have been hospitalized for severe gastrointestinal illnesses after swimming this month in an Alabama indoor water park, a state health official said Friday. The children got sick after visiting the Opelika SportsPlex and Aquatic Center between June 12-18, said Dr. Mary McIntyre, medical officer of the Bureau of Communicable Disease at the Alabama Department of Public Health. The indoor splash park was closed Friday but the park's other facilities remained open, a park official said. Environmental officials will test chemical levels before the splash park will re-open, according to McIntyre. "We are continuing to work with the medical community to identify the extent of the problem," she said. Five of the children have been transferred from East Alabama Medical Center in Opelika to the Children's Hospital of Alabama in Birmingham, where they were being treated with antibiotics, the official said. In a statement, the department of public health urged parents whose children who may have visited the park to contact the health department if they suffer symptoms of nausea, vomiting or severe diarrhea. Seven day-care centers took children to the Opelika SportsPlex and Aquatic Center for a day camp during the time frame officials have identified as when the water may have been contaminated, the health department said. "We're recommending any children who did attend the splash park, until we can determine the full extent of the infection, not to swim in inflatable pools," McIntyre said. She added that such swimming could risk exposing other children to the bacteria. Illnesses linked to pools are commonly caused by germs spread through contact with contaminated water, the department said in a news release. E. coli infections are caused by bacteria that can be found in foods and stool. Children often become infected after being exposed to others who are not toilet-trained. "It's not uncommon for recreational water illnesses to occur, particularly in the summer, because a lot of people are in the pools," McIntyre said. "Children have a tendency to swallow water which is probably why we're seeing it in a younger group." The health department warns people not to swim if they have diarrhea; to avoid swallowing pool or lake water; and to shower with soap before swimming so that germs and bacteria do not end up in pool water.
highlights: The 6 sickened Alabama children all visited Opelika SportsPlex and Aquatic Center between June 12-18 . The center's splash park has closed temporarily . Bacteria can spread in pools from children swimming in dirty diapers, health officials say .
id: dae46f75d74192a8a08993ccd2df1c5767ef5316
chatgpt: Six children from Alabama have fallen ill after visiting the Opelika SportsPlex and Aquatic Center between June 12 and 18. Health officials have attributed the illness to bacteria found in dirty diapers that may have been spread in the pool. The splash park at the center has since been closed temporarily to prevent further spread of the bacteria. According to the health officials from the Alabama Department of Public Health, a fecal incident can easily contaminate an entire pool or water park, causing various illnesses such as stomach cramps, diarrhea, and vomiting. Children who are not yet toilet trained, or those who are not properly diapered, are more susceptible to spreading the bacteria in public pools and water parks. The young victims were reportedly diagnosed with a gastrointestinal illness caused by a bacterial infection. The exact type of bacteria has not yet been identified, but health officials speculate that it was likely passed on by one of the children who had visited the pool. The Opelika SportsPlex and Aquatic Center, which is a popular destination for families across the region, has assured its patrons that it is taking all necessary steps to sanitize the pool and ensure the safety of its visitors. The center’s staff members have been trained to monitor water quality and report any signs of contamination. They also have strict protocols in place for cleaning and disinfecting the facility. In addition to the temporary closure of the splash park, the center has also increased its sanitation measures, including the use of more chlorine to disinfect the water. Health officials recommend that individuals who have visited the center between June 12 and 18 and are experiencing any gastrointestinal symptoms should seek medical attention and report their illness. Swimming is a popular summer pastime, especially in areas with high temperatures, but health officials want to remind the public to practice good hygiene while swimming. This includes proper diapering for children who are not toilet trained and showering before entering the pool. Anyone who is sick with a gastrointestinal illness should also avoid swimming until they are fully recovered. As the Opelika SportsPlex and Aquatic Center works to resolve this issue, health officials urge anyone visiting public pools and water parks to be vigilant about hygiene and to follow instructions provided by staff members. With a collective effort, the risk of future outbreaks can be reduced, allowing families to safely enjoy their summer activities.