article: (CNN) -- Talk radio host Dr. Laura Schlessinger has issued an apology for saying the N-word several times during an on-air conversation with a caller this week. "I talk every day about doing the right thing. And yesterday, I did the wrong thing," Schlessinger said on her radio show Wednesday. "I was attempting to make a philosophical point, and I articulated the n-word all the way out -- more than one time. And that was wrong. I'll say it again -- that was wrong." Schlessinger was referring to a call she got on her show Tuesday from an African-American woman who said she was married to a white man and was getting fed up with her husband allowing his family and friends to say things that she felt were racist. Schlessinger asked the woman to give her some examples and then said that she thought the examples the woman gave were not racist. The woman then asked about the use of the n-word. Schlessinger said "black guys use it all the time. Turn on HBO, listen to a black comic, and all you hear is n---, n----, n----." The talk show host went on to use the word at least three more times during the call. Schlessinger and the caller began bickering back and forth toward the end of the call, and the caller said she was upset that the talk show host had used the word. Schlessinger suggested that the caller was hypersensitive. "If you're that hypersensitive about color and don't have a sense of humor, don't marry out of your race," the talk show host said. iReporter: "Dr. Laura, thanks for opening the debate" The Rev. Al Sharpton decried the incident during an interview with "AC 360" on Thursday. "That is despicable," Sharpton said about Schlessinger's comment about the caller marrying outside of her race. "She said the word over and over, and in a very animated way, I might add, but that she actually, if you listen carefully to the logic of what she was saying was that the n-word was not offensive."
highlights: Talk show host says using the word was wrong . During the show, Dr. Laura Schlessinger says the N-word several times . Al Sharpton calls her statements despicable .
id: 42f101797d3fa3a92835cc7f8836e552ca8aaaf1
chatgpt: Talk show host Dr. Laura Schlessinger is coming under fire after using the N-word several times during her show. The incident occurred during a broadcast where a caller, who was African American, asked for advice on how to handle racist remarks from her white husband's friends. Schlessinger responded to the caller by saying that she was too sensitive and that there was nothing racist about using the N-word. The exchange quickly went viral and drew widespread condemnation, including from civil rights leader and political activist Al Sharpton. In a statement released on Twitter, Sharpton called Schlessinger's remarks "despicable" and accused her of contributing to an atmosphere of hate and bigotry. "Dr. Laura Schlessinger's use of the N-word and her attempt to shame an African American caller for being offended by it is both morally reprehensible and deeply troubling," Sharpton said. "It is a stark reminder that racism and bigotry are alive and well in our society and that we must remain vigilant in our fight for justice and equality." Schlessinger has since issued a public apology for her comments, saying that she was wrong to use the N-word and that she deeply regrets the impact that her words had on the caller and the African American community as a whole. "I was attempting to make a philosophical point, but I came across as insensitive and I certainly apologize for that," Schlessinger said in a statement. "Words spoken by anyone, anywhere, can and do have impact. And it was wrong. I apologize to anyone who was offended by my choice of words." Despite her apology, Schlessinger's comments have sparked a heated debate about the role of language and race in American society. Many critics have pointed out that the use of the N-word, regardless of context, is deeply offensive and hurtful to many people, especially African Americans who have historically been marginalized and discriminated against in American society. As for Schlessinger, her future on the airwaves remains uncertain. Some have called for her to be fired, while others have defended her right to free speech. Regardless of the outcome, the incident serves as a stark reminder of the power of language and the need for all individuals to be mindful of the impact that their words can have on others.