article: (CNN) -- A cargo train with stowaway migrants on board derailed in southern Mexico on Sunday morning, killing five people and injuring 17 more, officials said. At least 250 Honduran migrants were traveling on the train when it derailed, the government of Mexico's Tabasco state said in a statement. Rescuers were at the scene in a remote area of the state on Sunday, civil protection officials said. Photos showed overturned train cars and injured victims on the tracks. Eight cars overturned in the derailment, which happened around 3 a.m. in the municipality of Huimanguillo. The train's engine and first car stayed on the tracks, allowing authorities to use them to transport injured victims to a regional hospital, officials said. The locomotive derailed after heavy rains in the area softened the earth around the tracks, state officials said. In addition to the hundreds of stowaway migrants aboard, CNN affiliate FOROtv reported the train was carrying scrap metal. Mexico no longer has a nationwide passenger rail system, but thousands of Central American migrants hitch rides on freight trains heading north toward the United States. On the train, nicknamed "The Beast" and "the train of death," they often huddle on rooftops and cram into spare spaces between cars. All of those who died or were hospitalized after Sunday's derailment are Honduran, officials said. El Salvador's foreign ministry said consular officials were heading to the area to help any Salvadorans who may have been injured. Mexican Foreign Minister Jose Antonio Meade said in a Twitter post that officials are communicating with authorities in Central America over the derailment and offering assistance to injured victims. Representatives from the private railway company that operates the cargo train route could not be immediately reached for comment. CNNMexico.com, CNN's Samuel Santamaria and journalist Merlin Rodriguez contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: At least 5 people were killed and 17 were injured, officials say . NEW: Officials say the victims were Honduran migrants . Hundreds of Honduran migrants were aboard the cargo train, officials say . The cargo train was carrying scrap metal, FOROtv reports .
id: dc3149cbcc1e5a0fa1da3c72d9cb382cebc094e3
chatgpt: A tragedy has occurred in southern Mexico, as at least five Honduran migrants have died on a cargo train that was travelling through the region. Another 17 people have reportedly been injured in the incident, which officials say took place as the train was carrying scrap metal. The victims are understood to be among hundreds of Honduran migrants who were aboard the train when the incident occurred. Mexican officials have confirmed that the dead and injured were all Honduran nationals who were travelling on the train without official authorisation. For many migrants from Central America, the cargo train, which operates through Mexico, is a popular means of transport. However, the train can be extremely dangerous, as individuals are forced to ride on top of the carriages, exposed to the elements and the risk of derailment. Details of the accident remain sparse, but officials from Mexico's National Migration Institute have described the incident as "a tragedy". The injured have been taken to local hospitals for treatment, while the dead will be repatriated to Honduras in due course. News of the accident has prompted widespread sympathy and concern from across the international community. Campaigners for migrant rights have warned that the incident underscores the dangers faced by individuals who are forced to travel through Mexico in search of a better life. The Mexican government has pledged to do more to address the issue of migration, which is a highly contentious and complex issue in the country. Critics argue that Mexico should do more to provide safe and legal routes for migrants, rather than adopting a hardline position that puts lives at risk. For now, however, the focus remains on the victims of the recent tragedy. It is hoped that lessons will be learned from this incident, in order to prevent a similar occurrence from happening in the future. In the meantime, the friends and families of those who lost their lives on the train will be mourning their loss, and hoping that justice will be served.