article: By . Jessica Jerreat . Missing: Police are still looking for Amy Arrington, who is accused of faking her own drowning . A North Carolina woman believed to have drowned in the ocean on Saturday has been accused of faking her own death to avoid a court appearance. Emergency services had been searching off North Myrtle Beach for Amy Arrington since the weekend after her husband, Paul, reported her missing. But on Wednesday police said they believed Arrington had faked her death to avoid a Monday court hearing on charges of identity theft and fraud. Arrington, 42, has still not been found, but police on Wednesday said they do not believe she drowned. Her husband is now facing charges of filing a false police report. According . to a police report seen by CBS46, Paul Arrington made a missing person . report at a lifeguard station on the beach at about 5pm. He claimed . that his wife had told him she was going to the water, and that he . watched her walk in waist deep, the report states. About 20 minutes later, the husband claimed, he realized he could no longer see his wife and reported her missing. A land and sea search was launched for his wife, but it was called off late on Tuesday. City . spokesman Pat Dowling told The State police believe the couple . conspired to fake Arrington's disappearance so she could avoid her court . hearing. Search: Lifeguards at Myrtle Beach patrol the coastline in the search for Arrington, who was reported missing . Rescue effort: Police and lifeguards, above, took part in the search, which was called off late Tuesday . 'It has been determined that she and her . husband, Paul David Arrington, conspired for her to disappear to avoid . having to show up in court in North Carolina to answer to charges filed . against her in that state,' police said. Authorities have not said where they believe Arrington may be, but an arrest warrant has been issued for her.
highlights: Paul Arrington told lifeguards he last saw his wife walking into ocean . Amy Arrington was due to face charges of identity theft and fraud . Arrest warrant issued for 42-year-old, who has not yet been found .
id: 40434fbb600fc45c494120ffcba737f1f2836721
chatgpt: An extensive search is underway off the coast of Carolina Beach, North Carolina, and nearby regions, for 42-year-old Amy Arrington, who reportedly went missing while swimming in the ocean on Sunday. According to local officials, the search began after her husband, Paul Arrington, reported to lifeguards that he last saw his wife walking into the ocean. Paul, who was known to local police, stated that Amy had several outstanding charges related to identity theft and fraud, and had recently received an arrest warrant. Following the report, the local authorities were alerted and immediately launched an air search along with rescue teams, including drones, boats, and helicopters to locate Amy. The search continued overnight and the next day but yielded no results. In addition, the US Coast Guard has been called in to aid in the search efforts along with the Carolina Beach Police Department and other local agencies. According to Carolina Beach Fire Chief, Alan Griffin, the ocean conditions were challenging, and search efforts were being concentrated in the areas that were accessible by land, but the weather was not favorable for an intensive search by boat or helicopter. The search has also been hampered by rough seas and high waves, which made it difficult for divers to navigate. As the search continues for the missing woman, authorities have urged anyone with information on her whereabouts to come forward. Meanwhile, her family and friends have expressed their concern and fear, hoping for her safe return. Moreover, local authorities revealed that Amy Arrington had a prior record of arrests, including drug offenses, and had previously spent time in jail. Her husband is also a convicted felon. As the investigation unfolds, officials are also monitoring the possibility that Amy Arrington may have fled or is in hiding to avoid arrest, but have not ruled out the possibility of foul play. In the meantime, the search for Amy Arrington continues, as officials remain hopeful that they will be able to locate her soon and bring her back safely to her loved ones. Anyone with information on her whereabouts is urged to contact the Carolina Beach Police Department immediately.