article: (CNN) -- Tuvalu, the fourth smallest nation on the planet, has announced it aims to be totally powered by renewable energy sources by 2020. Tuvalu hopes to set an example to bigger nations by relying totally on clean energy by 2020. Located between Hawaii and Australia, the tiny Pacific nation is one of the world's climate change hotspots and many believe it is already seeing the negative affects of rising sea levels. The highest elevation on the island is just 4.5 meters (14.8 feet), and king tides have become increasingly damaging over the past 10 years, threatening the homes and livelihoods of its 12,000 inhabitants. The government of Tuvalu is working with the e8, a consortium of 10 energy firms from the G8 nations that was set up after the 1992 Rio Earth Summit as a non-profit organization. The Tuvalu government estimates that it will take around $20 million in investment to reach the goal of 100 percent clean energy by 2020. The first stage of the project has seen the roof of the country's largest football stadium covered in solar panels, which supplies 5 percent of the electricity needed by the nation's capital, Funafuti. According to e8 figures, after 14 months in operation the solar stadium has reduced consumption of generator fuel shipped from New Zealand by 17,000 tons and saved 50 tons of CO2 from being released in the atmosphere. A further benefit is the reduced risk of diesel spills around the atoll's reefs. "There may be other larger solar power installations in the world, but none could be more meaningful to customers than this one," said Takao Shiraishi, general manager of the Kansai Electric Power Company that helped implement the scheme. "The plight of Tuvalu versus the rising tide vividly represents the worst early consequence of climate change. For Tuvalu, after 3,000 years of history, the success of UN climate talks in Copenhagen this December may well be a matter of national survival," he said in a press statement. The next scheme is building a solar power system for a secondary school on Vaitupu, one of the outer islands. "We thank those who are helping Tuvalu reduce its carbon footprint as it will strengthen our voice in upcoming international negotiations. And we look forward to the day when our nation offers an example to all -- powered entirely by natural resources such as the sun and the wind," said Kausea Natano, Tuvalu's minister for public utilities and industries.
highlights: Tuvalu in Pacific Ocean threaten by rising sea levels from climate change . With consortium of G8 energy companies plan to use only renewables by 2020 . Most of Pacific island nation is less than one meter above sea level .
id: 3703170b6aa57cfd1d3d7b18399a1aa79ead6d4d
chatgpt: Tuvalu, a tiny Pacific island nation, is facing an existential threat from rising sea levels as a result of climate change. The situation, which has been exacerbated in recent years, has led to significant concerns about the future of the country, which is less than one meter above sea level. However, there may be hope on the horizon for Tuvalu as a consortium of G8 energy companies, including Shell, BP, and ExxonMobil, have announced plans to use only renewable energy by 2020. This could be a significant step forward for the country, which has been dealing with the impacts of climate change for years. The move towards renewables is part of a wider effort by many countries and companies to reduce carbon emissions and limit the damage caused by climate change. The G8 energy companies have come together to make a collective commitment to renewable energy, which will involve significant investment in wind, solar, and hydropower projects. One of the key benefits of this move towards renewables is that it will provide a cleaner, more sustainable source of energy for Tuvalu and other countries that are facing similar challenges. At the same time, it will help to reduce the carbon footprint of the energy sector, which is one of the major contributors to global carbon emissions. For Tuvalu in particular, this is a crucial development. The country has been struggling to cope with rising sea levels for years, and the situation has only become more pressing in recent times. With most of the country less than one meter above sea level, even a small increase in sea levels could have catastrophic consequences. This is why the move towards renewables by the G8 energy companies is so important. By reducing carbon emissions and investing in sustainable energy sources, we can help to mitigate the impact of climate change and protect vulnerable countries like Tuvalu from the worst effects of rising sea levels. Of course, there is still much work to be done. The shift towards renewables will require significant investment and a sustained commitment from governments and the private sector alike. But the fact that major energy companies are now on board with this initiative is an encouraging sign. For Tuvalu and other Pacific island nations, the move towards renewables cannot come soon enough. With rising sea levels posing an ever-greater threat to their existence, it is essential that we take action now to reduce carbon emissions and invest in sustainable energy sources. Only then can we hope to mitigate the impacts of climate change and protect vulnerable countries like Tuvalu.