article: By . Richard Spillett . Tony Blair's son Nicky, pictured in 2006, has set himself up as a football agent and could make thousands from the Brazil World Cup . The son of former Prime Minister Tony Blair looks set to make thousands off the back of the World Cup after signing up top players to his football agency business. Nicky Blair, 28, starting representing footballers after leaving Oxford University and reportedly made a massive sum from brokering the transfer of Mexican Hector Herrera last year. The players he represents - including fellow Mexican rising star Marco Fabian - could now make the agent even more cash if they perform well at the World Cup in Brazil. Fabian, 24, impressed when he was brought on during his nation's 1-0 win over Cameroon yesterday, increasing speculation he could be about to move to a top European club. It is thought Nicky Blair could earn around 10% of any fee given to the player as well as a cut of his future earnings, adding to his growing empire. Nicky, helped by his university friend Gabriel Moraes, set up agency Magnitude after teaching in an inner city school following university. It is thought they have signed up a number of young South American players with a view to cashing in if the youngsters make it big in Europe. Herrera, 24, was one of his first successes when he moved from Mexican outfit Pachuca to Portuguese team FC Porto for £6.7million last year. Fabian's estimated £10million value means he could make Nicky even more money, with Premiership teams reportedly interested. The Mirror reported today that Nicky's firm also has a number of Brazilian stars on its books, including Marlon Barbosa of club side Fluminese and Leandro Alves of Botafoga. Nicky has reportedly already cashed in on the sale of Hector Herrera (left) to Portuguese club FC Porto and could now be set to earn even more if rising Mexican star Marco Fabian (right) seals a move to Europe . It is thought mother Cherie is supportive of the venture and has allowed her son to use a desk at her business in central London. The money would put Nicky on his way to emulating his father's growing fortune, which is estimated at £80million. Meanwhile, Mr Blair's eldest son, Euan, is expected to follow his father into politics and has been tipped to run for election in Bootle, Merseyside. Younger sister Kathryn has gone into law, also like her parents, and worked for the same inn of court her parents Tony and Cherie joined in the 1970s. Mr Blair's 14-year-old youngest son Leo, who was the first child born to a serving Prime Minister in over 150 years in 2000, is meanwhile said to be 'musically gifted' Nicky, far right, pictured with father Tony Blair, brother Euan (far left), sister Kathryn (centre), brother Leo (bottom centre) and mother Cherie, leaving Downing Street for the final time in 2007 .
highlights: Ex-PM's son Nicky Blair signed up Mexican footballers to his agency . He has reportedly already cashed in on transfer deal for Hector Herrera . The agent could now make more from £10million-rated Marco Fabian . Fabian's career boosted when brought on in World Cup game yesterday .
id: 4794ab8f1cfe13b704d59e4668c23c6227644b36
chatgpt: The son of former British Prime Minister Tony Blair, Nicky Blair, has made a foray into the world of sports as a football agent. Reportedly, he has managed to sign up some of the top football talents in Mexico, including Hector Herrera and Marco Fabian. Herrera has already secured a transfer deal, which has resulted in Blair making a significant amount of money. Now, with Fabian's career set to skyrocket after his impressive performance in the World Cup game yesterday, Blair could potentially make even more. Fabian, who currently plays for Eintracht Frankfurt in the Bundesliga, has been valued at £10 million by his club. It is speculated that Blair could be the one to broker a deal between Eintracht Frankfurt and any interested parties, potentially resulting in a substantial sum of money for both Fabian and Blair. Blair's agency, Magnitude Sports, was established in 2016 and has been making serious waves in the world of sports. With Nicky Blair at the helm, the agency has already managed to secure some high-profile clients, including Mexico's national team. This sudden move into sports is not surprising, given the Blair family's love for football. Tony Blair himself was an avid football fan, as evidenced by his frequent appearances at Arsenal games during his tenure as Prime Minister. With the help of Nicky Blair's connections, Magnitude Sports is likely to continue to gain prominence in the world of football. It remains to be seen how successful Blair will be in managing the careers of these young football talents, but early indications suggest that he may have a knack for identifying and developing potential stars. For Fabian, this could be the start of a new chapter in his career. His impressive performance in the World Cup game yesterday has already generated significant interest among football fans and analysts alike, and it will be interesting to see where his career goes next. As for Nicky Blair and Magnitude Sports, they will undoubtedly continue to seek out new talent and help them reach their full potential on the football pitch. With his family's political connections and a keen eye for talent, Nicky Blair is well-placed to make a name for himself as one of the top football agents in the world.