article: Las Vegas (CNN) -- Sony says it's not quite game over for the PlayStation 3. Contrary to reports, Sony does not plan to announce a new home video-game console at a trade show in June, said Kazuo Hirai, the company's deputy president. "We're not making announcements at E3," Hirai told a roomful of reporters at the 2012 International Consumer Electronics Show here Tuesday when asked about plans to announce the PlayStation 4. E3 is the annual convention in Los Angeles where game companies typically make their biggest announcements. The five-year-old PlayStation 3 will have a 10-year life cycle, Hirai said. Sony could still release a new system sometime in the next five years, of course. Sony continued to sell the PlayStation 2 system and games years after the PlayStation 3 debuted in stores. For Sony's next console, the company will not deploy a streaming delivery system like OnLive, or fully cut out disc retailers like Best Buy and GameStop, Hirai said. While Sony has increased the number of games and other media available for download or streaming through its networks, most people cannot be expected to frequently download several gigabytes worth of data, which can be a time-consuming process, he said. Sony Computer Entertainment president Andrew House said earlier that Sony is not planning to discuss a new console, the website ComputerAndVideogames.com reported on Monday. He also said that physical media, like Blu-ray discs, are currently the optimal way to deliver full games. Sony released a new hand-held game system, the PlayStation Vita, in Japan last month. It plans to start selling the Wi-Fi and AT&T 3G versions of that system in the United States on February 22. Like Microsoft has done with the Xbox 360 through Kinect, Sony is trying to extend the life of the PlayStation 3 through new accessories, like the Move controller wand, and initiatives like 3-D games. There are dozens of 3-D games now available, Hirai noted. "We are definitely, from a Sony perspective, very committed to 3-D," Hirai said. "It's going to take a little while." Sony CEO Howard Stringer, who also attended the gathering on Tuesday, compared the uptake of 3-D gaming and video to that of color television. "3-D is waiting to happen," he said. "It's an inevitability. So be patient."
highlights: Sony's deputy president says the PlayStation 4 will not be announced at E3 . E3 is a giant trade show for the video game industry . Sony is focused on deploying and supporting its PlayStation Vita hand-held .
id: a9e6a9db3880f34299e01ab5e9e3e066196176ca
chatgpt: In a surprising move, Sony's deputy president has announced that the highly anticipated PlayStation 4 will not be announced at this year's Electronic Entertainment Expo (E3). The E3 trade show is a massive event for the video game industry, where companies typically showcase their latest and greatest products. However, Sony seems to have different plans this year. According to the deputy president, Sony is currently focusing on deploying and supporting its PlayStation Vita handheld device. The Vita was first released in 2011 and has struggled to gain a foothold in the highly competitive handheld gaming market. Sony is hoping to turn things around by investing in new software and providing better support for the device. This decision not to announce the PlayStation 4 at E3 has sent shockwaves through the gaming community. Many fans were hoping to see the next-generation console in action and were eagerly anticipating any news or updates about its release. However, it seems that Sony is content to bide its time and invest in other areas of its gaming business. Sony has not yet given any indication as to when the PlayStation 4 will be officially announced, but many industry experts predict that it could be as soon as later this year. With the next generation of consoles from Microsoft and Nintendo already on the market, Sony is under pressure to deliver a console that can compete with the likes of the Xbox One and the Nintendo Switch. Despite this setback, Sony fans can take comfort in the fact that the company is investing in other areas of its gaming business. The PlayStation Vita has always had the potential to be a great handheld device, but it has so far failed to live up to expectations. With Sony's renewed focus on the device, it's possible that we could see some exciting new games and features added to the Vita in the coming months. In conclusion, it seems that Sony has made a strategic decision to hold off on announcing the PlayStation 4 at this year's E3 trade show. While this may disappoint some fans, it's clear that the company is committed to investing in other areas of its gaming business, such as the PlayStation Vita. Whether or not this decision pays off remains to be seen, but one thing is sure – the gaming industry is in for an interesting ride in the coming months.