article: Most Americans believe the search for missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 should continue, but roughly half the country thinks the arduous search is being conducted in the wrong place, according to a new national poll. The CNN/ORC International poll comes nearly two months after the March 8 disappearance of the plane carrying 239 people. The Beijing-bound flight took off from Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. Nearly eight in 10 respondents, or 79%, think there are no survivors. After failing to find any wreckage or debris on the ocean surface, authorities last week announced the suspension of aerial searches to focus efforts instead on 60,000 square kilometers of the ocean floor, a process that could take six to eight months. For eight weeks, an international coalition has been searching for the plane, focusing its effort in the southern Indian Ocean, where it is believed to have gone down. Slightly more than half of all Americans -- or 52% -- believe that the general public will eventually find out what occurred, but 46% say that the fate of the missing airliner will always remain a mystery. Hope transcends frustration in quest to bring families closure . As to the possible causes of the plane's disappearance, Americans have a open mind, with some sort of action on the part of the plane's pilots or crew the most likely possibility. Some two-thirds of respondents say it is very likely (26%) or somewhat likely (40%) that the disappearance was due to actions taken by the pilots or crew members. Terrorists were likely involved in the disappearance, according to 57% of the respondents. Separately, when asked whether mechanical failure or an accident was behind the disappearance, 52% said that was likely versus 46% who answered not likely. Fewer Americans -- about 42% -- think hijackers may have been involved, while 9% believe that space aliens or beings from another dimension were involved. Nearly seven in 10, or 69%, say that the search should continue -- the only question is where. About half of respondents, or 51%, say the plane (or its wreckage) is located in the Indian Ocean in the general area where the search is taking place, but 46% say the plane is somewhere else, far from the search site. Only 26% of Americans say that the Malaysian government has done a good job managing the search and providing information to the general public. The survey, which is based on interviews with 1,008 adult Americans conducted by telephone from May 2 through May 4, has an overall sampling error of plus or minus 3.5 percentage points.
highlights: Nearly 80% of respondents think there are no survivors in Flight 370 disappearance . Most Americans believe the search should continue, but half think search is in the wrong place . More than half of Americans believe the public will find out what occurred . CNN/ORC International poll based on interviews with 1,008 adults from May 2 through May 4 .
id: 1a19d96b92ae9bf75c9782b93229b293f6ac5436
chatgpt: A recent poll conducted by CNN and ORC International has found that nearly 80% of respondents believe that there are no survivors in the mysterious disappearance of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370. The poll was conducted through interviews with 1,008 adults between May 2 and May 4. Despite the widespread belief that there are no survivors, the majority of Americans believe that the search for the aircraft should continue. However, half of the respondents felt that the search was currently being conducted in the wrong place. This indicates a lack of confidence in the current search efforts to locate the missing plane. Interestingly, more than half of the respondents also believed that the public would eventually find out what occurred in the disappearance of Flight 370. This suggests that the public is not content with the slow pace of the investigation and wants more transparency from authorities. The disappearance of Flight 370 has been a mystery that has captivated the world since the plane vanished on March 8, 2014. Despite extensive search efforts, no trace of the aircraft has been found apart from a few pieces of debris washed ashore. The lack of progress in the search has frustrated families of the victims and left an air of uncertainty surrounding the incident. The CNN/ORC International poll sheds light on the views and opinions of the American public regarding the search for Flight 370. The overwhelming belief that there are no survivors implies that many have come to the sobering realization that the passengers and crew onboard the plane are no longer alive. However, the fact that the majority of Americans feel that the search should continue indicates that the public is unwilling to give up on the investigation. Nevertheless, the fact that half of the respondents believe that the search is being conducted in the wrong place suggests that there are doubts about the competence of the authorities involved in the search. More than anything, the poll reveals the frustration and impatience of the public regarding the lack of progress in the search for Flight 370. The fact that more than half of the respondents believe that the public will eventually know what happened suggests that they believe that this information is being withheld intentionally or due to incompetence. The disappearance of Flight 370 remains one of the greatest aviation mysteries of all time. The CNN/ORC International poll indicates that the public is unwilling to let the mystery remain unsolved and wants answers. Whether the authorities involved in the search can provide those answers remains to be seen.