article: (CNN) -- A Christian woman in Sudan reportedly has until Thursday to either recant her faith or face a possible sentence of death. Meriam Yehya Ibrahim, 27, was convicted by a Khartoum court this week of apostasy, or the renunciation of faith, Amnesty International said Wednesday, a day before the expected ruling. The court considers her to be Muslim. According to the rights group, she was also convicted of adultery because her marriage to a Christian man was considered void under Sharia law. "The fact that a woman could be sentenced to death for her religious choice, and to flogging for being married to a man of an allegedly different religion, is abhorrent and should never be even considered," Manar Idriss, Amnesty International's Sudan researcher, said in a statement. "'Adultery' and 'apostasy' are acts which should not be considered crimes at all, let alone meet the international standard of 'most serious crimes' in relation to the death penalty. It is flagrant breach of international human rights law," the researcher said. Ibrahim is eight months pregnant and currently in custody with her 20-month-old son, according to Amnesty International, which considers her a prisoner of conscience. Christian Solidarity Worldwide, another rights group, described Ibrahim's case as follows: . She was born to a Sudanese Muslim father and an Ethiopian Orthodox mother. Her father left when she was 6 years old, and Ibrahim was raised by her mother as a Christian. However, because her father was Muslim, she was considered by the courts to be the same, which would mean her marriage to a non-Muslim man is void. In past cases involving pregnant or nursing women, the Sudanese government waited until the mother weaned her child before executing any sentence, said Christian Solidarity Worldwide spokeswoman Kiri Kankhwende. After-hours attempts Wednesday to contact the Justice Minister and Foreign Affairs Minister in Sudan were unsuccessful. Foreign embassies in Khartoum are urging the government there to reverse course. "We call upon the Government of Sudan to respect the right to freedom of religion, including one's right to change one's faith or beliefs, a right which is enshrined in international human rights law as well as in Sudan's own 2005 Interim Constitution," the embassies of the United States, United Kingdom, Canada and Netherlands said in a statement. "We further urge Sudanese legal authorities to approach Ms. Meriam's case with justice and compassion that is in keeping with the values of the Sudanese people," it read. Journalist Isma'il Kushkush contributed to this report.
highlights: Meriam Yehya Ibrahim, 27, was convicted of apostasy and adultery . She considers herself Christian, but a court contends that she is Muslim . She could be sentenced to death and to flogging . Foreign embassies in Khartoum are urging the government to reverse course .
id: 168bbc22194cd5f5ec9e517ea58b6bd9b3706045
chatgpt: Meriam Yehya Ibrahim, a 27-year-old Sudanese physician, has been convicted of apostasy and adultery by a court in Khartoum. She considers herself to be a Christian, but the court claims that she is a Muslim. The punishment for apostasy is death, while the penalty for adultery is flogging. As a result, Ibrahim could face both punishments. Foreign embassies in Khartoum have urged the Sudanese government to reverse the decision. The United States issued a statement calling for the government to respect Ibrahim’s right to religious freedom. Other countries such as Canada, the United Kingdom and Germany have also expressed concern over the verdict. Ibrahim’s case has gained international attention because of the possible death sentence for apostasy. The case has also highlighted the conflict between Sudan’s legal system and the country’s religious diversity. Sudan has a predominantly Muslim population, but there are also Christians and followers of traditional African religions. Ibrahim’s father was a Muslim, while her mother was Orthodox Christian. She was brought up as a Christian and married a Christian man. However, under Sudanese law, a child whose father is Muslim is considered to be Muslim. This means that Ibrahim, who claims to be a Christian, is being tried as a Muslim. The court’s verdict has been criticized by human rights groups. Amnesty International has called on the Sudanese government to repeal the law on apostasy, which it says violates international human rights law. The organization has also called for Ibrahim’s immediate release. Sudan’s penal code has been criticized for its harsh punishments for crimes that are not considered serious offenses in other countries. In addition to the possibility of a death sentence for apostasy, the penalty for homosexuality is also death by stoning. Ibrahim’s case has also drawn attention to the issue of women’s rights in Sudan. Women in the country are subject to strict dress codes and are often victims of discrimination and violence. The case has been seen as a test of the government’s commitment to improving women’s rights. The Sudanese government has not yet commented on the verdict, but it is clear that the case will continue to be closely monitored by the international community. The sentence will be a test of the country’s commitment to human rights and religious freedom.