article: With his comical facial expressions, you could not accuse Nigel Farage of being wooden in front of the camera - but that hasn't stopped him being compared to a tree. The UKIP leader is also clearly a man in touch with his wild side after fans and critics alike say he reminds them of a dog, turtle, meerkat and even a mouse. Bumbling buffoon Mr Bean, played by Rowan Atkinson, is also said to be a dead ringer for the politician, as is Sam the Eagle from the muppets. The craze for Nigel lookalikes started on Twitter after Jonathan Ross tweeted a picture of Farage and his dog  spitting image. Scroll down for video . A little bit barking: Luckily this Farage of forest is not an E-Yew tree. Nigel Farage has become known for his side-splitting poses . What a wag: This Nigel lookalike started a craze on Twitter when it was tweeted by TV's Jonathan Ross and was shared widely on social media . A bumbling buffoon in a tweed jacket and red tie - yes, it's Mr Bean. The character, played by actor Rowan Atkinson, turns ordinary situations into moments of excruciating embarrassment. A couple of muppets: That disapproving scowl is pure Sam the Eagle. Sam is an American eagle who first appeared on the Muppets in 1975 . Yes Mi' Lady: He's a dead ringer for Thunderbirds' Parker - no strings attached. Thunderbirds is a 1960s British science-fiction television series, created by Gerry and Sylvia Anderson . Would you buy a used car from this man? Nigel with Del Boy's pal Boycie. Played by John Challis, Boycie, was a popular character in  BBC sitcom Only Fools and Horses . New Statesman: Farage looks like a smug TV MP Alan B'Stard - in fact, that's almost what David Cameron called him. Mr Alan B'Stard was played by Rik Mayall . Shell-shocked: Pulling a face like Crush, the turtle from Finding Nemo. The 2003 movie was made by Disney and Pixar and featured the voice of Ellen DeGeneres . Don't count your chickens, Nigel: Even if you do look like cartoon rooster Foghorn Leghorn from Warner Bros the Looney Toons . Shut that door on Europe: As Generation Game's Larry Grayson might say: 'what a gay day for winning a by-election'. Grayson was a presenter and comedian in the 1970s and 80s . Taking the Mickey: But don't ever suggest a Eurostar trip to Disneyland Paris. Mickey Mouse was created by Walt Disney in 1928 . Don a smoking jacket and you're Compare the Meerkat's Aleksandr. Simples! Aleksandr and his family feature in adverts for comparethemarket.com . 'I wouldn't join Ukip if it would have me as a member' - Groucho Marx, the American comedian and film and television star. He was considered one of the best comedians of the modern era .
highlights: Fans and critics have compared the Ukip leader to a dog, turtle, chicken, meerkat and even a mouse . Others have said the politician reminds them of Parker from Thunderbirds, Groucho Marx and Boycie .
id: 39f8e02dbd5054afca4f46959c338d871eade985
chatgpt: UKIP leader, Gerard Batten, is once again the subject of ruthless comparisons from both his fans and critics. Over the years, Batten has been compared to a range of animals including dogs, turtles, chickens, meerkats and even mice. Others have gone beyond the animal kingdom and described him as being like Parker from Thunderbirds, as well as Groucho Marx and Boycie. The most recent comparison of Batten to a dog comes from his supporters who see him as being determined, loyal and tenacious. However, critics of the UKIP leader argue that his policies are often harmful, with many labelling him as xenophobic and even racist. Despite this, Batten's followers remain fiercely loyal, praising him for his persistence and determination to put Britain first. They claim that his policies might be controversial, but they reflect the views of many people in the country who are fed up of being told what to do by politicians who don't have their best interests at heart. One of the most controversial policies proposed by Batten is his call for a halt on all immigration, which many believe would have a catastrophic effect on the UK's economy. Critics argue that his comments are xenophobic and deeply insensitive to the needs of foreigners who have made the UK their home. However, Batten has defended his views, arguing that what he is proposing is necessary to protect the UK's culture and values. He claims that many people in the country are tired of being told what to do by politicians who don't care about them, and that he is simply giving voice to their frustrations and concerns. While many people have been quick to criticise Batten, there are those who have praised him for being brave enough to stand up for what he believes in. They argue that he has shown immense courage in the face of fierce criticism and that he is a man who is not afraid to speak his mind. Despite the controversy surrounding him, Batten remains a popular figure in the world of politics, with many seeing him as a breath of fresh air in a world of stale and uninspiring politicians. Whether or not his policies are ultimately adopted by the mainstream remains to be seen, but one thing is for sure – Batten will continue to divide opinion and prompt passionate debate in the years to come.