article: (CNN) -- Oilfield contractor Halliburton has agreed to pay Nigeria $35 million to settle bribery allegations that led to charges against former Vice President Dick Cheney and other executives, the company announced Tuesday. Cheney, who was Halliburton's CEO in the 1990s, and nine others were charged with conspiracy and "distribution of gratification to public officials" in a long-running case involving the company and its Kellogg, Brown and Root subsidiary. Nigerian officials accused the company of paying bribes to secure $6 billion worth of contracts for a liquefied natural gas project in the Niger Delta. "Pursuant to this agreement, all lawsuits and charges against KBR and Halliburton corporate entities and associated persons have been withdrawn," the company announced in a statement Tuesday evening. Nigerian officials agreed "not to bring any further criminal charges or civil claims against those entities or persons" in return, the company said. The $35 million includes $2.5 million to pay legal fees and other expenses for the Nigerian government, Halliburton said. There was no immediate comment from Nigerian officials to the news. Halliburton also agreed tp help Nigeria recover money from a Swiss bank account set up by a former agent for its Nigerian joint venture TSKJ, the company said. Nigerian officials said as much as $130 million had been stashed in Switzerland. The bribes are said to have amounted to $180 million between 1994 and 2004. The settlement announced Tuesday is far smaller than the $120 million a spokesman for Nigeria's Economic and Financial Crimes Commission cited as a possible fine last week. An attorney for Cheney, who left office in 2009, said there was no reason to suspect the former vice president was guilty of any wrongdoing. "The Department of Justice and the Securities and Exchange Commission investigated that joint venture extensively and found no suggestion of any impropriety by Dick Cheney in his role of CEO of Halliburton," Terrence O'Connell said. Halliburton pleaded guilty to foreign bribery charges in the United States last year and paid a $402 million criminal fine, the U.S. Justice Department said. KBR and Halliburton also paid $177 million to settle civil complaints related to the bribery, the Justice Department said. Many observers in Nigeria regarded the charges as a publicity stunt by the financial crimes commission ahead of national elections in April and as a symbolic effort to display resolve against government corruption. The agency has had limited success in getting successful prosecutions and hasn't charged any high-profile people since its top commissioner was removed from the body in 2007.
highlights: The allegations date back to the 1990s, when Cheney was Halliburton's CEO . The $35 million settlement includes Nigeria's legal fees and expenses . Halliburton was accused of paying up to $180 million in bribes .
id: e64849b99e613d0cae58bd0a5d12e5f2398cc6a8
chatgpt: Former US Vice President Dick Cheney's former employer, oil services giant Halliburton, has reached a $35 million settlement in a long-running corruption case. The charges date back to the 1990s, when Cheney served as the company's CEO. The settlement also includes payment of Nigeria's legal fees and expenses. The country's government had accused Halliburton of paying up to $180 million in bribes to Nigerian officials in the hope of winning contracts for a liquefied natural gas project.  Halliburton has been under investigation since 2009, when it admitted it had made payments to a third-party agent to assist with the project. The US Department of Justice has approached the matter through the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which prohibits companies from paying bribes to foreign officials. The case has not only had financial implications for the company, but has also cast a shadow on Cheney's political career in the public arena. Critics have long accused the former Vice President of using his position to push for US government contracts for the company during the Iraq War, in which Halliburton's subsidiary, KBR, was awarded billions of dollars in contracts for service provision.  Halliburton, headquartered in Houston, Texas, ranks as one of the largest oil services companies in the world, with operations in over 70 countries. It has come under scrutiny for its links to political figures and allegations of unethical behavior, such as overcharging the US military for services in Iraq. This settlement is not the first time Halliburton has had to face legal action. In 2010, it agreed to pay $559 million to settle claims steming from the Deepwater Horizon oil spill disaster in the Gulf of Mexico, which it played a role in as the cement contractor. Cheney's involvement with the firm has also been a point of controversy for many years, with critics accusing the former Vice President of using his political position to benefit his former employer. The settlement has ended years of legal battles for Halliburton over the bribery charges. It remains to be seen whether this will affect the company's future contracts, as competitors such as Schlumberger and Baker Hughes continue to solidify their positions in the industry. This case points to the issue of corruption in the international energy sector, and the need for greater transparency and corporate responsibility. As the world increasingly relies on fossil fuels to power its economies, companies such as Halliburton must take seriously their obligations to operate ethically and with integrity, and face the consequences if the fail to do so.