article: Twitter dug its heels in yesterday after French prosecutors demanded the details of users who have posted racist or anti-Semitic comments. In what could prove a significant test case for the micro-blogging site, lawyer Alexandre Neri argued that the company is only subject to US law and only a judge in America could force it to release the information. In October, Jewish student bodies asked . Twitter to remove a number of messages which appeared under the hashtag . #unbonjuif (#agoodjew), with some users posting examples such as: ‘#agoodjew is a . dead Jew.’ Offensive: A French court has ordered Twitter to hand over the identities of racist and anti-Semitic users after the hashtag #unbonjuif (#agoodjew) went viral in France last year . The hashtag became the third most popular in France, with . thousands attacking the religion. France has a number of strict laws aimed at combating hate crimes. [caption . The Union of Jewish Students of France . (UEJF) and three other similar groups took Twitter to a French court asking them to hand over the . names of all those responsible so they can be prosecuted. 'Because it does not take the necessary measures to identify where the tweets come from, Twitter is offering a platform to racism and anti-Semitism,' said Jonathan Hayoun, the president of the Union of French Jewish Students (UEJF), in a statement on Monday. But Mr Neri told the Tribunal de Grande Instance in Paris that Twitter . ‘data is collected and stored in the United States’ – namely in San . Francisco, where the site is based. ‘Should I submit myself to the law of a different country to where I work?' he asked. He added that the differences between French and US laws on freedom of speech have created a ‘huge void, a question mark’. Stephane Lilti, counsel for the Jewish groups, suggested Twitter had  a ‘commercial interest’ in protecting the anonymity of its users. ‘Twitter is playing a commercial game by raising a number of legal hurdles to not having to comply with its legal obligations,’ he told the court. Judge Anne-Marie Sauteraud will hand down a verdict on January 24. French ministers Fleur Pellerin and Najat Vallaud-Belkacem have said they will speak to Twitter executives about the controversy by phone this week. Last year Twitter shut down an account run by a German neo-Nazi group based in Hanover, following a request by German police. Facebook and YouTube complied with similar requests. A spokesman for Twitter said it always suspends accounts when they are illegal, or in breach of its rules, but would not hand over details of account holders unless ordered by a judge.
highlights: Jewish students take site to court over offensive posts . Huge rise in racist Tweets under hashtag #agoodjew . Lawyer says Twitter only subject to US law .
id: dc7d3cd03259cd2b690e3343e4cf9650de6ebb22
chatgpt: Jewish students have taken social media giant Twitter to court due to an influx in offensive posts and racist tweets using the hashtag #agoodjew. The students are filing lawsuits against the company for not acting fast enough to remove the posts, arguing that Twitter has a responsibility to remove content that violates their terms of service.  The hashtag #agoodjew, which began as a way for Jewish people to share positive and uplifting experiences, has been hijacked by anti-Semitic users who use it to post derogatory messages and memes. The abuse is not only deeply hurtful but can also incite hatred and violence towards Jewish communities.  Twitter, which is subject to US law, has been accused of ignoring repeated requests from Jewish organizations to remove the tweets. The company had previously argued that they cannot be held responsible for the actions of individual users, but the lawsuits filed by Jewish students claim that Twitter has not done enough to protect its users from hate speech.  Jewish community leaders have condemned the racist tweets and have called on Twitter to take stronger action against such hate speech on its platform. Rabbi Benny Zippel, president of the Rabbinical Council of Utah, said in a statement that "there is no place for hate and intolerance in our society. Twitter must step up and do more to protect its Jewish users from this kind of abuse." The rise in anti-Semitic tweets has not gone unnoticed, with lawmakers and human rights activists urging Twitter to take stronger measures against hate speech on its platform. Senator Chris Coons, a member of the Senate Judiciary Committee, wrote a letter to Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey requesting that the company provide detailed information on its efforts to combat hate speech and harassment. Twitter has already taken action by suspending the accounts of users who have posted racist tweets under the #agoodjew hashtag. However, the Jewish students who are taking the company to court argue that more needs to be done. They hope that their lawsuit will force Twitter to take a stronger stance against hate speech and to prioritize the safety and well-being of its users above all else.  This is not the first time that Twitter has come under fire for its handling of hate speech on its platform. In 2018, the company faced criticism for not removing anti-Semitic content posted by white nationalist groups. The lawsuit filed by Jewish students is a reminder of the urgent need to combat hate speech and to hold companies accountable for their actions or lack thereof.  In conclusion, Jewish students taking Twitter to court over offensive posts and the rise in racist tweets under the hashtag #agoodjew is a clear indication of the need for social media platforms to do more to protect their users from hate speech. The lawsuit may force Twitter to take stronger measures against hate speech on its platform, prioritizing the safety and well-being of its users above all else.