article: (CNN) -- Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa on Saturday defended his country's decision to grant WikiLeaks' founder Julian Assange asylum, slamming Great Britain's behavior toward Ecuador as "intolerable" and "unacceptable." Assange is currently holed up inside the Ecuadorian Embassy in London. Ecuador offered him asylum this week, but British authorities have said they are committed to extraditing him to Sweden, where Assange is wanted to face questioning over claims of rape and sexual molestation. The situation remains at a standoff. Assange demands U.S. end WikiLeaks 'witch hunt' "Who do they think they're dealing with?" Correa asked rhetorically of Great Britain during his weekly address. "They don't realize Latin America is free and sovereign. We won't tolerate interference, colonialism of any kind." The president said Ecuador had sought but did not receive guarantees that Assange would not be extradited to a third country. Assange, an Australian national, and his supporters claim a U.S. grand jury has been empaneled to consider charges against him. They fear if he is extradited to Sweden, he could be sent next to the United States. Assange was arrested in Britain in 2010 because Swedish authorities wanted to question him about the allegations. Two women accused him of sexually assaulting them during an August 2010 visit to Sweden in connection with a WikiLeaks release of internal U.S. military documents. Assange denies the allegations and argues they are in retribution for his organization's disclosure of American secrets. Publicly silent since last March, Assange is expected to speak at 2 p.m. Sunday -- two months to the day since he sought asylum -- according to WikiLeaks' official Twitter feed. Also Sunday, foreign ministers from member states of the Union of South American Nations will convene in Guayaquil, Ecuador, to discuss the asylum situation. Assange sought refuge at the embassy five days after the Supreme Court in Britain dismissed his bid to reopen his appeal of the decision to send him to Sweden, his last option in British courts. He is subject to arrest for breaking the terms of his bail, which required that he spend his nights at the home of a supporter outside London, police said the day after he entered the embassy. Assange and diplomatic asylum: A primer . Standoff at embassy, after Ecuador grants asylum . Opinion: Assange's stubborn grip hurt WikiLeaks . Why Assange needs Ecuador and why Ecuador needs Assange .
highlights: Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa says Great Britain's behavior is "unacceptable" "They don't realize Latin America is free and sovereign," he says . Julian Assange has been holed up inside the Ecuadorian Embassy in London since June . Ecuador granted asylum to Assange, but the U.K. does not recognize it .
id: e2d5d21e37d1253d489658154bfab4c51c6c2e3e
chatgpt: Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa has criticized Great Britain for its "unacceptable" behavior towards the Latin American region. Speaking in a live broadcast on state television, Correa said that Britain fails to acknowledge that Latin America is a "free and sovereign" region.  Correa's comments come after Julian Assange, the founder of WikiLeaks, sought asylum at the Ecuadorian Embassy in London in June. Ecuador subsequently granted Assange asylum, but the United Kingdom has refused to recognize it.  Assange, who is wanted for questioning in Sweden over alleged rape and sexual assault, has been living in the embassy for over three years. He fears that if he leaves the embassy, he will be extradited to the United States where he could face espionage charges over the publication of sensitive government documents on WikiLeaks. "The way Britain has behaved is unacceptable," said Correa. "They think they still have colonies in Latin America. They don't realize that Latin America is free and sovereign." Correa also criticized the United States for pressuring Ecuador to hand over Assange. "We gave Julian Assange asylum because we believe in human rights," Correa said. "We won't be intimidated by anyone." The standoff between Ecuador and the United Kingdom over Assange's asylum has put a strain on diplomatic relations between the two countries. The UK government has repeatedly insisted that it has a legal obligation to extradite Assange to Sweden, where he is wanted for questioning. However, Assange's supporters argue that his case is political and that he could face the death penalty or life imprisonment in the United States if he is extradited. They have called for the UK to respect Ecuador's sovereignty and grant safe passage to Assange. Meanwhile, Ecuador has received support from other Latin American nations, with several countries including Bolivia, Cuba, and Venezuela expressing solidarity with the Ecuadorian government over the Assange case. As the standoff continues, it remains to be seen whether the United Kingdom will change its stance on Assange's asylum, or if Ecuador will be forced to surrender him to the British authorities.