article: A boxing commentator and radio host has been suspended from his job with ESPN-LA Radio following a conversation he had on-air. Max Kellerman was on the Mason and Ireland show which leads into his afternoon drive program when the subject of Ray Rice's domestic abuse of his wife arose. Kellerman admitted on-air that he hit his girlfriend many years ago. On-air admission: Max Kellerman told listeners that he once hit his girlfriend during a discussion of Ray Rice . The New York Daily News reports that ESPN suspended Kellerman following the 'inappropriate' comment. ESPN issued a statement Friday afternoon neither confirming nor denying that Kellerman had been suspended. 'Max Kellerman will return to ESPN-LA Radio and SportsNation on Thursday,' it read. The startling admission occurred as Kellerman related a story about his then-girlfriend, now wife Erin Kellerman. Married father: Kellerman with his family on a shopping trip . Suspended: The ESPN boxing commentator and radio host has reportedly been suspended for the comments . Sensitive issue: Stephen A. Smith was roundly criticized by Max Kellerman's (right) SportsNation co-host Michelle Beadle (center) for his comments about domestic abuse . According the the Daily News, he said that the pair were at a college party and both had too much to drink. The situation escalated and his girlfriend hit him. He hit her back, he said, but the incident was a one-off and they have been happily married for 20 years. While Kellerman's admission of having hit a woman was upsetting, the reason for his suspension is for discussing Ray Rice's domestic abuse, which is extremely controversial after Stephen A. Smith's recent debacle. 'Egregious error': The subject of Ray Rice's (left) domestic abuse has also gotten ESPN's Stephen A. Smith suspended . Kellerman's suspension comes three days after Smith was suspended for comments he made while discussing the same case. Smith condemned domestic violence but advised women not to 'provoke' men to it. 'Let's make sure we don’t do anything to provoke wrong actions,' he said, presumably to his female viewers. '...I think that just talking about what guys shouldn’t do, we got to also make sure that you can do your part to do whatever you can do to make, to try to make sure it doesn’t happen.' He later issued a taped apology calling his comments the most 'egregious error' of his career.
highlights: Max Kellerman has been suspended from his ESPN positions . He told listeners on ESPN-LA radio that he once hit his now-wife when they were in college . The admission came during a discussion of Ray Rice's domestic abuse of his wife . ESPN's Stephen A. Smith has also been suspended for comments he made while discussing the same case .
id: 9f72102e5e5eb96a1aad1fbdef8a0042915d41d2
chatgpt: ESPN has made the decision to suspend Max Kellerman, co-host of ESPN's “First Take," and ESPN-LA radio host, for comments he made on-air. During a discussion about former NFL player Ray Rice's domestic abuse case, Kellerman admitted to hitting his now-wife during their college years. ESPN announced Kellerman's suspension on Tuesday. The statement reads, "Max Kellerman will return to ESPN LA Radio and SportsNation on Thursday, August 30. Max will not appear on First Take or other ESPN television or radio programs during this time." Kellerman's comments were made during an ESPN-LA radio show last week. He stated, "I've been there. I understand the psychology of it. When I was in college, I hit my girlfriend. I hit her, I felt bad about it, and I'm telling you I was raised by a good father – he taught me to never hit a woman. And yet, here I am in college, I hit my girlfriend, I felt bad about it, and I vowed never to repeat it." ESPN's Stephen A. Smith was also suspended in relation to comments made during the same discussion. Smith's suspension lasted one week, while Kellerman's suspension is indefinite. Both Kellerman and Smith were commenting on Rice's domestic abuse case. Rice was a former NFL player who was released by the Baltimore Ravens in 2014 after a video surfaced of him knocking out his then-fiancée in an elevator. In light of the Rice case, discussions on domestic violence have become more prevalent in the sports world. ESPN's decision to suspend Kellerman has been met with mixed reactions. Some have praised the network for taking a stance against domestic violence, while others have criticized the network for punishing Kellerman for being honest. Kellerman has since released a statement apologizing for his comments. He stated, "I apologize to anyone who was offended by my remarks. Domestic violence is a serious issue and should never be taken lightly. I regret any pain or discomfort that I may have caused." The issue of domestic violence is a serious one, and it is important to take it seriously. ESPN's decision to suspend Kellerman and Smith shows that the network is taking a stance against domestic violence and is committed to promoting a safe and respectful environment for all.