article: A building owner evicted a pastor and his worshipers from their church because of their fondness for handling venomous snakes while praying and dancing. Clyde Daugherty, who . built the LaFollette, Tennessee-based church in 1994, rented the building . to Andrew Hamblin for just $267 a month but eventually became fed up with all the serpents slithering about and occasionally injuring or killing congregants. 'Too many people were getting hurt and . dying, and that's a proven fact,' Mr Daugherty told 10News. 'He was focused too . much on the wrong things, like attention from the media and the TV show, . instead of the word of God.' Scroll down for video . Andrew Hamblin, the pastor of Tabernacle Church of God in LaFollette, Tennessee, was evicted from his church by the building's owner because of his snake-handling ways . Mr Daugherty said he had offered to sell the . church, trailers and surrounding property to Mr Hamblin for $66,000, but . the pastor declined and is now looking for a new building. Mr Hamblin's Pentecostal church practices a rare, century-old Christian . tradition of worshiping God with venomous snakes such as timber . rattlers, cottonmouths and copperheads, according to Urban Christian . News. The 22-year-old plays mandolin, loves zombie movies, receives food . stamps, has five children and was the star of a 16-episode National . Geographic reality series called Snake Salvation, which featured . Appalachia's serpent-handling churches. About 125 such churches exist in the U.S. Pastors use the snakes to show non-Christians that God protects them from harm, holding them aloft as they pray, sing and dance. The belief stems from a literal reading of Jesus' words in the Gospel of Mark: 'And these signs will accompany . those who believe: in my name they will cast out demons; they will speak . in new tongues; they will pick up serpents, and if they drink any . deadly thing, it will not hurt them; they will lay their hands on the . sick, and they will recover.' The name Andrew Hamblin was removed from a sign for the Tabernacle Church of God . Mr Hamblin, who said he has been bitten . by poisonous snake many times, made headlines last fall after . authorities seized more than 50 venomous serpents in his possession. A . grand jury ultimately didn't indict him after his court appearances drew . large crowds of supporters. Mr Hamblin's mentor, fellow reality TV star and snake-wielding pastor Jamie Coots, died in February after being bitten at his church in Middlesboro, Kentucky. His son Cody, 21, took over for him and was bitten by a snake last month. 'I . was with Jamie in Middlesboro, Kentucky, when he was bit,' Mr Daugherty said. 'Enough is enough. There will be no snakes at my services.' Fellow pastor and reality TV star Jamie Coots (pictured) died after being bit by a venomous snake at a Middlesboro, Kentucky, church in February .
highlights: Pastor Andrew Hamblin's Pentecostal church practices a rare, century-old tradition of worshiping God with venomous snakes to show how He protects Christians . Clyde Daugherty, the owner of the church building, said he evicted Mr Hamblin because he seemed more interested in media attention than the word of God and too many people were getting injured or dying from snake bites . Mr Hamblin and fellow serpent-handling pastor Jamie Coots who died in February were stars of National Geographic's reality TV series Snake Salvation .
id: d2b1b009c17305f800a8f317d3c50a1675194f69
chatgpt: The practice of handling venomous snakes during church worship services is a century-old tradition that is almost unheard of in the modern world. Pastor Andrew Hamblin's small Pentecostal church in Tennessee is one of the few places where this tradition is still practiced, despite the dangers it poses even to the most devout faithful. Unfortunately, Hamblin's church has been embroiled in controversy lately. The building's owner, Clyde Daugherty, has evicted Hamblin from the premises because he believes the pastor is more interested in getting media attention than preaching the word of God. Hamblin has also been criticized for the many injuries and deaths that have occurred as a result of snake handling. For his part, Hamblin claims that the practice of snake handling is a legitimate part of his faith. He believes that holding venomous snakes is a way to show that God protects his believers from harm. The pastor has been featured on National Geographic's reality TV series Snake Salvation alongside fellow serpent-handling pastor Jamie Coots, who tragically died earlier this year from a snake bite. As the controversy over Hamblin's church continues to play out, many are left wondering whether such a practice should be allowed to continue. Snake handling is illegal in many states, but Tennessee is one of the few states where it is still legal. Supporters of the practice argue that it is protected under the First Amendment's guarantee of religious freedom, while opponents say that it is simply too dangerous to continue. Despite the dangers, however, many of Hamblin's followers remain committed to the practice. They believe that handling venomous snakes is a true test of their faith, and that God will protect them from harm as they worship. For these believers, the risks are simply a small price to pay in exchange for the opportunity to express their devotion to their religion in a very tangible way. As the controversy over snake handling continues to rage, it is clear that this practice will continue to be a topic of debate for years to come. In the meantime, Hamblin and his followers are sure to continue practicing their faith in the way that they see fit, regardless of the risks involved. And despite the concerns of many, they are likely to continue to find comfort and meaning in the centuries-old tradition of handling venomous snakes during worship services.