article: A Melbourne council has been forced to admit that ratepayers  have been let down after forking out for $153,000 worth of golden ribbons and cardboard stars to line shopping strips in the lead-up to Christmas. This is the first year Bayside council has put up decorations across nine shopping strips in Melbourne's southeastern exclusive waterside suburbs - and judging from the reaction of residents - it has been an epic fail. The village streets are lined with golden ribbon wrapped around trees and cardboard golden stars placed on the side of rubbish bins and fences with the occasional pieces of tinsel. Bayside council has spent $153,000 worth of golden ribbons and cardboard stars to line the shopping strips . Ratepayers say the decorations were a big waste of their money . Residents express disbelief about the Christmas decorations on the council's Facebook page . Beaumaris resident Renata Frith said most people were complaining about the lack of creative effort. 'Its lovely to have festive spirit but there has been no positivity about it - it's more of an embarrassment really,' she told Daily Mail Australia. 'It's not really good use of money and it doesn't look that festive - it's just a ribbon around a tree.' A shop manager on Bay St in Brighton, who did not want to be named, told Daily Mail Australia that she expected more for a nice suburb. 'It's pretty pathetic - it's just gold paper wrapped around a tree - I think it's a pretty poor effort,' she said. 'We have a lot of clients coming in and saying it is a poor effort - it's not even Christmasy decorations - there's not much Christmas spirit here.' The decorations have been described as 'woeful', 'tragic', and 'embarrassing' by residents . The council admits to not meeting community's expectations with the first year of street decorations . Bayside Mayor Felicity Frederico has conceded that the council had needed lived up to the festive expectations of their ratepayers. 'In hindsight we probably tried to do too much with too little in our first year and spread ourselves too thin,' she said in a statement. 'We’re getting lots of feedback. We know we haven’t met community expectations in our first year.' 'We’ll review all that feedback in planning for next year to achieve a bigger impact.' Residents even took to the council's Facebook page to express their dissatisfaction over the decorations. One ratepayer described them as 'woeful', 'tragic' and 'very tacky'. Another said the decorations were disappointing and embarrassing. Cr Frederico added that the decorations were part of a package to create a festive vibe in the shopping centres and support local traders who struggle to compete with the likes of Southland at Christmas. 'We are also running a shop window display competition to encourage traders to decorate their shop windows and organising school and church groups to sing carols in our shopping strips,' she said. The council will review the feedback in planning for next year to achieve a 'bigger impact'
highlights: Bayside Council spent $153,000 on gold ribbons and stars across nine shopping strips in southeast Melbourne . Residents and shopkeepers express disgust over the lack of creative effort with the Christmas decorations in the exclusive waterside suburbs . Council admits to not meeting community's expectations . This is first time the council has decorated streets during festive period .
id: 474ea267429743dcdd9c862a0918dd82e412da7f
chatgpt: Residents and business owners in Melbourne's southeast suburbs are expressing their disappointment with the Christmas decorations erected by the Bayside Council. According to reports, the council spent $153,000 on gold ribbons and stars that were placed across nine shopping strips in the area. However, many residents feel that the decorations are lacklustre and do not capture the festive spirit of the holiday season. The council's decision to adorn the streets with gold ribbons and stars is the first time that they have ever decorated the streets during the festive period. While some residents applaud the council's effort to bring some holiday cheer to the exclusive waterside suburbs, many feel that the decorations are not up to par. "It's not that the decorations are bad, it's just that they're not very creative," said one resident of Bayside. "Gold ribbons and stars are nice, but they're not exactly exciting. I feel like the council could have done more to make the decorations more festive and interesting." Businesses in the area are also expressing their disappointment with the decorations. Many feel that the lack of effort put into the decorations is discouraging shoppers from visiting the area. "We rely heavily on foot traffic during the holiday season," said one shop owner. "But with these bland decorations, we're not seeing as many people come through our doors." The Bayside Council has acknowledged the community's disappointment with the decorations, admitting that they did not meet the expectations of the residents. "We understand that the decorations have not been well received by everyone in the community," said a spokesperson for the council. "We apologize for any disappointment and will make sure to take residents' feedback into consideration for future events." Despite the council's apology, many residents are calling for a change in the way that the council approaches holiday decorations in the future. Some are suggesting that the council should work with local artists and designers to create more unique and imaginative decorations that truly capture the spirit of the holiday season. As the holiday season continues, residents and business owners in Bayside are hopeful that the council will take their concerns into consideration and work to create more memorable and festive holiday decorations in the future. With the right approach, the council can help to bring a much-needed boost of holiday cheer to the exclusive suburbs of Melbourne's southeast.