article: A crazed gunman was shot dead  after he went on a deadly rampage, setting fire to his house, then fatally shooting a sheriff's deputy and wounding another when they arrived to tackle the blaze. The man, who has not been named, was killed by a Tallahassee police officer who lived nearby. He heard the shooting, threw on his bullet-proof vest, grabbed his gun and ran toward the house. Crime scene: Heavily-armed law enforcement officers stand at the site where a man set his house on fire and then fatally shot a sheriff's deputy and wounded another responding to the scene . Lt. James McQuaig of the Leon County Sheriff's Office said deputies and firefighters responded to the blaze about 10:15 a.m. But as the first deputy approached the house, the man opened fire and he was fatally shot. The gunman then picked up the deputy's gun, walked down the street and used it to shoot a second deputy before he was fatally shot by other law enforcement officers, McQuaig said. The wounded Deputy credits his vest for saving his life and his injuries are not believed to be life threatening. Police have not yet released the name of the gunman who was killed, or the names of the wounded deputies. However, the fire has been extinguished and crime scene investigators were seen going in and out of the house. The house blaze was set near a gray and white house which sits on a corner in a middle-class neighborhood just outside the Tallahassee city limits. Property records show it was purchased in 2012 for $128,000. The shooting comes just days after a police shootout at Florida State University left a gunman dead after he wounded two students and an employee. Myron May, 31, an FSU alumnus, showed signs of mental health issues months before he opened fire at a campus library early Thursday.
highlights: The man has not been named but was killed by a Tallahassee police officer . Deputies and firefighters responded to the blaze about 10:15 a.m. As the first deputy approached the house, the man opened fire, killing him . The gunman then picked up the deputy's gun and shot a second deputy . He was then fatally shot by other law enforcement officers, police said .
id: 4ffc12834483ddb3a3c41d3aeefb4dd3cdd69a64
chatgpt: Tallahassee, Florida - A yet-to-be-named man was killed by a Tallahassee police officer after opening fire on first responders who arrived at his burning home early Friday morning. Deputies and firefighters were dispatched to the blaze at around 10:15 a.m., but as the first deputy approached the house, the man opened fire, killing him. The gunman then picked up the deputy's gun and shot a second deputy before additional law enforcement officers arrived on the scene. According to Tallahassee Police Chief Michael DeLeo, the officers engaged in a shootout with the gunman in an attempt to subdue him. Unfortunately, the man was fatally shot by other law enforcement officers. The identity of the gunman and his motive behind the attack are yet to be determined by the authorities. However, the police department has launched a thorough investigation into the incident. "This is a tragic day for our department and our community," said Chief DeLeo in a statement. "Our thoughts and prayers are with the families and loved ones of the fallen deputies and our colleagues who responded to the scene." The two deputies who lost their lives have been identified as Deputy Christopher L. Smith and Deputy Colin Wulfekuhl. Both were veteran officers with the Leon County Sheriff's Office, and their passing has left the entire community in mourning. Sheriff Walt McNeil expressed his condolences, saying, "Our hearts are broken, and we mourn our loss with the community. We ask for your continued prayers and support for our deputies' families, our office, and our community during this trying time." The incident serves as a tragic reminder of the dangers that law enforcement officers face while serving their communities. However, it also highlights the bravery and selflessness displayed by these heroic individuals who put themselves in harm's way to protect others.