article: By . Lillian Radulova . Global footwear brand Nine West launched their new advertising campaign (pictured) across social media on Friday . Global footwear brand Nine West has been slammed on social media, alongside threats from customers promising to boycott the brand, for their newly launched advertising campaign which has been dubbed misogynistic. The retailer, which has had a large number of stores across Australia since 1995, launched its Starter Husband Hunting campaign on social media last Friday, directed at women between the ages of 25 and 49. The images, posted on Nine West's Facebook and Twitter accounts, shows a leopard print high-heel on a target with an arrow struck through it, alongside the words: 'It's hunting season. Whether you're looking for Mr. Right or Mr. Right Now, we have a shoe for that'. Facebook and Twitter both exploded upon the company sharing the images, with many claiming that the advertisement belonged back in the 1950s. 'Stupid campaign 9W. Love your shoes but don't patronize your customers by an outdated ideal. Women are hunting success and goals, dreams and visions. Not husbands,' Julie Bohacek wrote on Facebook. Facebook and Twitter users were furious at the ads, with many claiming that the advertisement belonged back in the 1950s . one woman responded: 'Love your shoes but don't patronize your customers by an outdated ideal. Women are hunting success and goals, dreams and visions. Not husbands' Carey Shoufler responded on Twitter with the following post: 'Cannot believe this campaign. What if I'm a lesbian or don't want a man? Can I wear your shoes? Come on over to the 21st century.' 'I definitely don't need or want 'husband-hunting' shoes. In fact, after this ad I don't need ANY Nine West shoes,' Hillary Kelly wrote on Twitter. Nine West also revealed their further marketing plans for a range of other 'occasions' to the New York Times. One such 'event' was the 'anticipatory walk of shame', which the brand designed a leopard print bag for. Nine West also revealed their further marketing plans for a range of other 'occasions' including this one, which they designed a leopard print bag for . Another event requiring beautiful shoes: Critics of the adds questioned  why there were no shoes for powerful working women rather than one who now 'had the weeks off' Another is the 'First Day of Kindergarten', in which the ad features a woman wearing a pair of black pumps, surrounded by tissues. The accompanying text reads: 'The bus arrives and so do the waterworks. Then it hits you: mommy now has the weeks off. Wipe those happy-sad tears... We got a shoe for that.' The campaign hasn't proven to be a failure with everyone however, with one woman commenting on Nine West's social media post with:' Nailed it! Wish I had these for the prowl this weekend'.
highlights: Footwear brand Nine West has angered social media users with its new advertising campaign . Their shoes are marketed for occasions such as 'husband hunting' One of their bags is advertised as being designed for the 'anticipatory walk of shame'
id: 8bb6fbacfa7a85005e2ca19e7fec90bd561d3f24
chatgpt: Nine West, a popular footwear brand, has received backlash on social media over its new advertising campaign. The brand's latest campaign features shoes marketed for occasions such as 'husband hunting,' and a bag intended for the 'anticipatory walk of shame.' Many social media users were outraged and disgusted by the brand's latest campaign, with some calling it sexist and objectifying. One Twitter user wrote, "Nine West needs to do better than marketing shoes for 'husband hunting.' Women are more than just objects to be pursued." Another user shared the sentiment, tweeting, "Seriously Nine West, you couldn't come up with a better marketing strategy than 'anticipatory walk of shame' bags? This is beyond offensive." In response to the backlash, Nine West issued a statement apologizing for the campaign and stating that they never intended to offend or objectify women. "We apologize for any offense caused by our latest campaign," the statement read. "We value and respect all of our customers and never intended to objectify or stereotype women." However, many social media users were not satisfied with the brand's apology, feeling that it was insincere and too little too late. Some even called for a boycott of the brand, stating that they could not support a company that perpetuates sexist and demeaning stereotypes of women. This is not the first time a fashion brand has faced backlash over an offensive marketing campaign. In 2017, clothing brand Nasty Gal received criticism for a promotional email with the subject line, "Nasty Gals do it better." Many felt that the email was inappropriate and perpetuated negative stereotypes of women. Brands like Nine West and Nasty Gal need to be more mindful of the messages they are sending in their advertising campaigns. Women are more than just objects to be pursued, and brands should strive to empower and uplift women rather than reinforcing negative stereotypes. In conclusion, Nine West's latest advertising campaign has received widespread backlash on social media, with many users expressing their disappointment and disgust at the brand's promotion of gender stereotypes. While the company has issued an apology, many feel that it is not enough and are calling for a boycott of the brand. It is important for fashion brands to be more mindful of their messaging and ensure that they are not perpetuating negative stereotypes of women.