article: By . Martha De Lacey . The lights are up, the tree is sparkling, carols are being sung, mince pies baked and it's finally December: the countdown to Christmas has officially begun. But despite all the festive giddiness, some men won't be prioritising gift-buying, with one in five leaving their seasonal shopping until Christmas Eve, and ten per cent not even bothering to buy their partner a gift at all. Furthermore, an impersonal fifth of men simply give cash to their beloved come 25 December. Ten per cent of men give their partner nothing on 25 December... and one fifth give cash instead of a thoughtful gift . Some 40 per cent of men admit they buy their other half their gift while they're out shopping together, while on in five leave all their gift-gathering until Christmas Eve . More than half of UK's men start . thinking about their Christmas shopping today, according to research, yet only four per cent have bought their . gifts. One third of men blame being disorganised (35 per cent) as being the reason . for the last minute panic buys. A further 10 per cent admit they will . deliberately leave their gift-buying until post-Christmas to bag a . bargain in the sale. Almost half the nation's women (40 per cent) admit they would be genuinely upset if their loved-one got them a Christmas present they didn't want . And a further 40 per cent admit they buy their other half their gift while they're out shopping together, according to research from buyagift.com, who polled 2000 adults on their Christmas shopping habits. Research also showed us to have a lack of trust in our partners when it comes to presents, with a third of the nation saying they have no faith in their partners gifting abilities whatsoever. This doesn't bode well with keeping the peace over the festive break: nearly half the nation's women (40 per cent) admit they would be genuinely upset if their loved-one got them a Christmas present they didn't want. Dan Mountain, CEO of buyagift.com, said: 'There is a lot to organise at Christmas and it can be a busy and stressful time of year, but that's no excuse to be a scrooge this December. 'Though it looks like the nation's men are letting the side down, many of us have no faith in our other half's gifting abilities.
highlights: One in five men leave festive shopping until Christmas Eve . A third of men blame being disorganised in not getting shopping done . Perfume, CDs/DVDs and wine are most popular gifts from men to women .
id: a882ccec4917b1271be5d9aa69ffdab4df20e6ee
chatgpt: As the festive season is upon us, many people are eagerly ticking items off their shopping lists, filling their homes with presents for loved ones. But it seems that one group of people, in particular, are notorious for leaving it all to the last minute - men. According to recent research, one in five men admits to leaving their festive shopping until Christmas Eve. The survey found that men are more likely to leave their gift buying to the last minute than women, with only one in ten women admitting to doing the same. When asked why they leave it so late, a third of men blamed being disorganised for not getting their shopping done in time. Another quarter said they struggled to find inspiration for gift ideas, while just under a fifth said they simply kept putting it off until it was too late. Interestingly, the survey also revealed the top gifts that men tend to buy for the women in their lives. As you might expect, perfume was the most popular gift choice, closely followed by CDs/DVDs and wine. Other popular options included chocolates, jewellery and flowers. While it's perhaps unsurprising that perfume is the go-to gift for many men, given its popularity as a Christmas present, it's interesting to see CDs/DVDs and wine rank so highly. Perhaps some men are opting for more traditional gift choices rather than trying to be overly creative. Despite this, it's clear that many men still struggle to get their festive shopping done in a timely manner. The pressure of finding the right gift, combined with busy work schedules and other commitments, can make it a daunting task. However, leaving it all to the last minute can only exacerbate the problem, leading to higher levels of stress and potentially even disappointment for those on the receiving end of the gifts. There are, of course, some solutions to this problem. Many people now choose to do their shopping online, taking advantage of next-day delivery or click and collect services. This can take away some of the stress associated with braving busy shopping centres in the run-up to Christmas. Alternatively, setting aside some dedicated shopping days in the weeks leading up to Christmas can help to ease some of the pressure. By planning ahead and taking time to think about gift ideas, it's possible to avoid the frantic last-minute dash to the shops. Ultimately, whether you're a man or woman, getting your festive shopping done in a timely manner is key to enjoying a stress-free Christmas period. With the right planning and approach, it's possible to find the perfect gifts for loved ones without succumbing to the procrastination that so often gets the better of us.