article: (CNN)Shortly after his tweet proclaiming "snipers aren't heroes" netted a barrage of criticism, documentary filmmaker Michael Moore tried to explain where that sentiment came from -- his war veteran father. The controversial tweet Sunday came as "American Sniper," the Oscar-nominated biopic of a former Navy SEAL and sharpshooter, won the weekend box office. "My uncle killed by sniper in WW2," Moore tweeted. "We were taught snipers were cowards. Will shoot u in the back. Snipers aren't heroes. And invaders r worse." The backlash soon followed. Former U.S. House Speaker and CNN contributor Newt Gingrich invited Moore to spend some time with terrorist cells overseas, then weigh in on the value of snipers. But Moore explained his tweet in a Facebook post: . "My dad was in the First Marine Division in the South Pacific in World War II. His brother, my uncle, Lawrence Moore, was an Army paratrooper and was killed by a Japanese sniper 70 years ago next month," Moore wrote. "My dad always said, 'Snipers are cowards. They don't believe in a fair fight. Like someone coming up from behind you and coldcocking you. Just isn't right. It's cowardly to shoot a person in the back. Only a coward will shoot someone who can't shoot back.'" The "Fahrenheit 9/11" and "Bowling for Columbine" director has long been a staunch advocate for stricter gun control laws in the United States, and his statements are known to court controversy. Opinion: Why I refuse to see 'American Sniper' But Moore stressed that his comments were not a jab at the movie "American Sniper," which earned $105 million in weekend ticket sales and nabbed six Academy Award nominations last week, including best picture. The box office take trumped previous records for a January opening. "I didn't say a word about 'American Sniper' in my tweets," Moore wrote on Facebook. "Here's what I think about American Sniper': Awesome performance from Bradley Cooper. One of the best of the year. Great editing. Costumes, hair, makeup superb!" Why 'American Sniper' is a smash hit . Actor Seth Rogen equated the war drama to a Nazi propaganda film shown in Quentin Tarantino's "Inglourious Basterds." Rogen later clarified his statement, tweeting, "I just said something 'kinda reminded' me of something else. I actually liked American Sniper. It just reminded me of the Tarantino scene." "American Sniper" is based on the best-selling memoir of the same name by Chris Kyle. Kyle served four tours in Iraq with the Navy SEALs and is lauded as "America's deadliest sniper." He was not without controversy of his own, including disputed claims in his book that he punched former Minnesota Gov. Jesse Ventura and killed two armed carjackers. Kyle was shot and killed by a former Marine in 2013. 'American Sniper:' Sarah Palin's attack on 'Hollywood Leftists'
highlights: Filmmaker Michael Moore says he was taught snipers were "cowards" He says his war veteran father told him that after his uncle was killed by a sniper . Moore's statements come the same weekend "American Sniper" broke box office records .
id: 1aa7155e0588b931b192f7231a7727f50a7e1868
chatgpt: Controversy has arisen surrounding the blockbuster film American Sniper, as filmmaker Michael Moore expressed strong opinions about snipers. In a recent tweet, Moore said that he was taught that snipers are "cowards," citing his war veteran father's explanation after his uncle was killed by a sniper. The tweet has sparked a heated debate about the role of snipers in modern warfare and the role of films in shaping public perception. Moore, an outspoken figure in American politics and documentary film, has been critical of the war in Iraq and the portrayal of military figures in recent films. In his tweet, he suggested that the glorification of snipers in American Sniper was misguided and that their role in war is often misunderstood by the public. The timing of his comments, on the same weekend that American Sniper broke box office records, further fueled the debate. The portrayal of snipers in American Sniper has been a contentious issue since the film's release. The story of Chris Kyle, a celebrated sniper in the US military, has been both praised and criticized for its depiction of modern warfare. Some argue that the film accurately represents the challenges and sacrifices of military service, while others claim that it glorifies violence and perpetuates harmful stereotypes about Muslim people. Moore's comments added another layer of complexity to this debate, as he highlighted an important point about the impact of personal experience on public perception. Many Americans have relatives or friends who have served in the military, and their experiences shape their views on war and conflict. In this case, Moore's father's statement about snipers was a knee-jerk reaction to a tragic event, but it has influenced his views on snipers ever since. The role of film in shaping public perception of war is also a significant issue. American Sniper has been praised by some as a powerful tribute to military service and criticized by others for its portrayal of violence and its political messaging. The impact of this film on public opinion about snipers and the war in Iraq could be significant, and the debate about its accuracy and honesty will likely continue. Regardless of one's opinion on snipers or American Sniper, it is clear that the film has touched a nerve in American society. The debates it has sparked about war, violence, and patriotism show the power of art to provoke discussion and thought. Whether or not its portrayal of snipers is accurate or fair, American Sniper has become a cultural touchstone and a symbol of American identity in a time of conflict and division.