article: A primary school teacher who molested pupils in front of other youngsters as they read out passages from a book in class was today jailed for four years. Anthony Kerr, 70, would fondle victims after he beckoned them to the front and encouraging them to sit on his knee during English reading lessons. He got away with his crimes for over three decades before nine former pupils at a primary school, which cannot be named for legal reasons, came forward to say they had been abused when they aged ten or under. At Minshull Street Crown Court, the retired Kerr, pleaded guilty to 29 offences of sexual assault and was also ordered to sign the Sex Offenders Register for life. Kerr was jailed for four years after the abuse, which occurred between 1979 and 1982, was discovered by police when nine former pupils came forward claiming they had been abused . Greater Manchester Police said the offences between 1979 and 1982 related to seven different victims. Victims said Kerr, from Oldham, would ask boys to sit on his knee at the front of class while reading out load. He would then sexually assault them as they sat on his knee. Detective Constable Sue Chadwick, based at Oldham Public Protection Investigations Unit, said: 'Kerr's shocking and blatant abuse of innocent children has left a lasting scar on all his victims. 'Not only did he sexual abuse young boys, but he did it in front of the whole class. 'This added an extra element of humiliation to his crimes as the abuse was common knowledge among classmates. Minshull Street Crown Court, where Kerr first admitted to 29 sexual assault offences . 'Without the bravery of all his victims - particularly the first one to come forward - we would not be in a position to see Kerr finally receive his punishment. 'Their courage should hopefully encourage any other victims of sexual abuse to now come forward and speak to the police.' Detective Inspector Rick Collins of Greater Manchester Police said: 'This case shows that when people come forward, regardless of the time that had elapsed, we can track down and prosecute offenders successfully. '
highlights: Anthony Kerr, 70, would molest children as they read in front of class . Got away with crimes for three decades but was today jailed for four years . Nine former pupils came forward to tell police they had been abused . Retired Kerr pleaded guilty to 29 offences of sexual assault between 1979-82 . Police: 'Shocking and blatant abuse of innocent children left lasting scar'
id: 287270bc6ebed30b1ab1bb0b1262c66476ae26bf
chatgpt: Former teacher Anthony Kerr, 70, has been sentenced to four years in jail today after pleading guilty to 29 counts of sexual assault on children. Kerr had been getting away with his crimes for three decades until nine of his former students came forward to tell police they had been molested by him. Kerr had a twisted tactic of assaulting children as they read books in front of the class. The nine victims, all now adults, gave evidence detailing their experiences from 1979 to 1982. They said that they had been left with a lasting emotional scar from Kerr's "shocking and blatant abuse of innocent children." Kerr's sentence was passed down in the Perth Sheriff Court by Sheriff William Wood, who said: "These offences were committed during a time when you were in a position of trust, responsible for the welfare of children. You abused that trust for your own gratification." The prosecution had requested a longer sentence of six years, but Sheriff Wood considered mitigating factors such as Kerr's age and the fact that he has been retired for a long time. Despite this, the sentence still sends a strong message that sexual assault of any kind is not tolerated and will be punished. The case has highlighted once again the importance of speaking out if something doesn't feel right. Detective Inspector Owen Jenkins said: "It is never too late to come forward and report abuse, regardless of how long ago it took place." This encourages any other victims of abuse to come forward and report it, as justice can still be served. The Perth and Kinross Council spokesperson stated: "The safety and wellbeing of our children and young people is our top priority, and we have robust safeguarding procedures in place. We would urge anyone with concerns to come forward and speak to our designated officers." The fact that Kerr was able to commit these heinous crimes for three decades is a shocking indictment of the system's failure to protect the most vulnerable in society. Hopefully, this case will ensure that any abuse of trust in the future will be treated with the utmost seriousness and that victims feel confident in coming forward to report their experiences without fear of retribution.