article: (CNN)If there's anything serving notice on the traditional bricks and mortar department store, then it's China's internet and e-commerce statistics. This year the number of internet users going online with a mobile device, such as a smartphone or a tablet, overtook those doing so on a personal computer for the first time. And not surprisingly, e-commerce is booming. "One in two online citizens in China are now buying online. And that penetration is going up," said Shen Haoyu, CEO of JD.com China's version of Amazon.com and e-commerce giant Alibaba.com's biggest competitor. Only a few short decades ago, China had practically no consumer culture, but today millions of consumers daily buy computers, clothing and even fresh seafood online. "In the future, e-commerce, the main battlefield will be on the mobile devices. By next year the overall smartphone users will exceed that of PC users. So you can see that mobile commerce is definitely the number one trend," said Yu Gang, CEO of Yihaodian, a Chinese online grocery business. While internet penetration can be problematic for developed markets where people are used to high street shopping, in China e-commerce entrepreneurs have little to worry about. With China's total number of internet users up 2.3 percent to 632 million in 2014, according to figures from the China Internet Network Information Center (CNNIC),  the country has the largest number of online users in the world. The data showed that 527 million people of this total went online via a mobile phone and that the number of online shoppers in the first half of 2014 surged by 42%. China is currently the largest smartphone market in the world, having overtaken the US in 2012. By 2018, it will account for more than 33% of the estimated 1.8 billion smartphones likely to be shipped that year, according figures from IDC. E-commerce in China is dominated by Alibaba but is closely followed by JD.com which is more than 17% owned by its arch-rival Tencent Holdings. The big movers in mobile services in China at the start of 2014 were music, video, gaming, and group-buying, all of which shot up by double-digit increments. The fastest growing services were travel booking, up 65.4%. Mobile payment, which increased 63.4%, and online banking, which showed a rise of 56.4% rise.
highlights: China is the fastest growing e-commerce geography in the world . Mobile device use for the first time overtook personal computer use in China . China's internet usage grew 2.3% in the first half of 2014 to 632 million users . E-commerce in China is dominated by Alibaba but is closely followed by JD.com .
id: 6aabea4315a9654cbe41a972994c6bae50f7a7de
chatgpt: China has cemented its position as the world's fastest growing e-commerce geography, according to reports emerging out of the country. This should come as no surprise, given that the country's internet usage grew by 2.3% for the first half of 2014 alone, taking the total number of users to 632 million individuals. Perhaps most impressively, though, is the fact that mobile device use in the country now overtook personal computer use for the first time. This suggests that China is a market that is moving fast and adapting to new technologies to ensure that its users can be as plugged in as possible to the latest developments. When it comes to e-commerce in particular, the Chinese market has been dominated by Alibaba for some time. However, JD.com is proving to be a strong rival to the business. This year, JD.com revealed during its second quarter earnings report that it now commands as much as 24.7% of the business-to-consumer e-commerce market in China. This is particularly impressive given Alibaba's strong established role in the market. It's also perhaps unsurprising given that JD.com has been working hard to establish itself as a strong player in the market. Earlier this year, the business announced that it would be opening a regional office in Paris. This would be the company's second such office, following one in the US, and would help it to establish a firmer grip on the European market. However, despite the strong competition in the market, there is no doubt that e-commerce in China is booming at the moment. With the country's rapid uptake of new technologies and the increased use of mobile devices, it's clear that Chinese consumers now expect more from the online shopping experience than they might have done in the past. As such, businesses like JD.com and Alibaba will need to continue evolving to stay ahead of the game. For now, though, their success is indicative of just how rapidly China is changing and adapting to the needs of its huge user base.