article: Created: . 06:06 EST, 12 August 2014 . A Japanese company claims to have reached the next level in developing the most genuine looking sex doll which comes complete with realistic feeling skin and authentic looking eyes. Orient Industry say their new range of dolls, made from high quality silicon, are so realistic there is very little to distinguish them from a real girlfriend at first glance. The dolls, which are non inflatable, are sold under the name 'Dutch Wives', a Japanese term for a sex doll, and adverts in the media boast that anyone who buys one will never want a real girlfriend again. Scroll down for video . One of Orient Industry's sex dolls, which they claim reach the next level in developing the perfect artificial girlfriend . The makers of the dolls say they are so life-like, there is very little to distinguish them from a real girlfriend at first glance . Adverts in Japanese media boast that anybody who buys one will never want a real girlfriend again . They sell for just over £4,000 each and early sales indicate they are proving to be a success. And the company behind the dolls are putting their success down to their realistic looking skin and eyes. They also come with a selection of clothing to prevent the new owner from having to suffer the embarrassment of visiting a lingerie store. Potential buyers can also customise the dolls, meaning they can chose the bust size, look and hair colour of their doll. The dolls also come with a selection of clothing, meaning the new owners don't have to suffer the embarrassment of visiting a lingerie store . The dolls are part of a high-tech industry in Japan, which is constantly looking at ways to make sex toys as realistic as possible . The latest models of the dolls also include movable joints so buyers can put them in a variety of positions . Company spokesman Osami Seto said: 'The two areas we identified as really needing improvement were the skin and the eyes. 'We feel we have finally got something that is arguably not distinguishable from the real thing.' The dolls are part of a high-tech industry in Japan, which is constantly looking at ways to make sex toys as realistic as possible. Latest models of the dolls include movable joints so buyers can place them in any position they wish.
highlights: Firm Oriental Industry claims the dolls are their most realistic to date . Come complete with realistic feeling skin and authentic looking eyes . Sold under the name 'Dutch Wives' and cost just over £4,000 each . Company say early sales indicate the dolls are a big success .
id: cb80d284942b9ea235021d46fee2a19c740ea260
chatgpt: Oriental Industry, a prominent manufacturer of adult dolls, has launched a new line of products that the company claims are their most realistic to date. The "Dutch Wives" series of dolls come complete with realistic feeling skin and authentic-looking eyes that are intended to provide an even more immersive experience for their customers. Weighing in at around 50 kilograms and measuring around 1.5 meters in length, these dolls are highly customizable with customers able to choose from various hair and eye colors, as well as different body types to suit their preferences. The company is offering its new range of dolls for just over £4,000 each, to customers who are looking for the ultimate experience in adult companionship. According to company representatives, early sales indicate that the new "Dutch Wives" series of dolls are a big success. Many customers have already expressed their satisfaction with the level of realism provided by the new models. Some of the more popular customization options include lifelike skin textures and designs that are highly detailed. Many have praised the latest model for its high levels of realism and immersion, which allow customers to indulge in a highly intimate experience that they cannot have otherwise. The company's latest line of dolls is bound to change the game in the adult toy industry, leading to an increase in demand and the potential for further innovation in the field. Despite the enthusiasm of some customers, some critics have voiced concerns over the ethical implications of such products. Some believe that the objects could be used to encourage harmful and addictive behavior, while others worry that the dolls may normalize and encourage the objectification of women. The company however has reassured customers that their dolls are made ethically, with factory workers provided a safe and suitable work environment. Overall, it is clear that Oriental Industry's new line of "Dutch Wives" is the most promising and realistic product in the adult toy industry. This innovation in artificial companionship is sure to revolutionize the industry by providing customers with the most realistic experience possible. With significant early sales success, the dolls are poised to become a staple in the market for those seeking human-like companionship.