article: Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers has denied that the club put pressure on England boss Roy Hodgson to rest Raheem Sterling for the Three Lions' Euro 2016 qualifier against Estonia on Sunday. Sterling started in the victory against San Marino the previous Thursday but was left out of the starting line-up on Sunday, although he came off the bench to win the free-kick from which Wayne Rooney scored the only goal. Rodgers insists that Sterling never said he did not want to play and that it was Hodgson's decision to leave the forward out of the starting XI. Raheem Sterling (right) was left out of the starting line-up as England played Estonia last Sunday . Roy Hodgson said that Sterling told him he was too tired to play in the Euro 2016 qualifier . Brendan Rodgers claims he did not tell England to rest the Liverpool star... calling reports 'rubbish' Of the players England used against Estonia, only Gary Cahill has played more minutes this season than Raheem Sterling... Gary Cahill 1164 minutes played . RAHEEM STERLING 1079 mins . Jack Wilshere 1064 mins . Jordan Henderson 1035 mins . Calum Chambers 995 mins . Joe Hart 990 mins . Leighton Baines 990 mins . Phil Jagielka 919 mins . Danny Welbeck 836 mins . Wayne Rooney 758 mins . Fabian Delph 741 mins . 'I'm fed up reading about this club v country, claims we intervened and put pressure on Roy Hodgson,' Rodgers told The Independent. 'I've read we sent a dossier to the FA on Raheem Sterling and Daniel Sturridge and I'm having showdown talks with Roy Hodgson on Sunday and all sorts of rubbish. 'The decision not to play him was a managerial decision. 'I haven't said a single word but have to say I have never seen such rubbish written over the past few days.' Rodgers feels Sterling is not being fairly treated and does not believe the criticism will end any time soon. 'At no point did Raheem Sterling say he didn't want to play for England,' he added. 'The boy is being hung out to dry and I dare say the criticism will continue for a few more weeks to come because of this.' Sterling replaces Liverpool team-mate Jordan Henderson in the 64th minute for England against Estonia . Sterling responded to criticism via Instagram (above) with the message: 'Be yourself don't please anyone' Rodgers believes Sterling is being 'hung out to dry' and could face more criticism in the coming weeks . VIDEO Sterling rest row rumbles on .
highlights: Raheem Sterling was left on the bench as England beat Estonia . Roy Hodgson said player told him he was too tired to start . Brendan Rodgers denies he put any pressure on Hodgson . Liverpool boss says it was Hodgson's decision to rest him . Believes Sterling is being 'hung out to dry' and will face more criticism .
id: 4ee0166a1cafcc36dcf5f7f786d338d1a22424bd
chatgpt: England defeated Estonia 2-0 in their Euro 2016 qualifying match on Friday, but the surprise news of the day was Raheem Sterling being left on the bench. England manager Roy Hodgson revealed after the game that Sterling had told him he was too tired to start. Sterling, who has been in sensational form for Liverpool this season, was expected to start the match. Hodgson's decision came after Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers denied any pressure on the England manager to field his in-form winger. "I spoke to Roy earlier in the week about Raheem and my feelings were that he should have played," Rodgers said. "But it's Roy's decision, he's got lots of players to choose from and he felt that Raheem needed a rest." Rodgers believes that the criticism Sterling has faced in the media recently has led to Hodgson's decision to rest him. "He's a 19-year-old boy who is being hung out to dry a bit," Rodgers said. "He's been fantastic for me since he came into Liverpool, playing against some of the top teams in Europe and now in the Premier League. So to say he's tired, he's played a lot of games, his level of performance has been a lot, and he'll need that rest." Sterling has been the subject of much criticism in the media recently, with some reports suggesting that he is refusing to sign a new contract with Liverpool. Rodgers has defended his player, saying that he is simply focused on playing football. "He's a young player who is developing all the time," Rodgers said. "His focus is on playing for Liverpool and playing for England. I think the situation with his contract is well documented, but that's private, and the most important thing is that he continues to perform on the pitch." Sterling's absence did not seem to hinder England, as they comfortably beat Estonia 2-0. Goals from captain Wayne Rooney and Arsenal's Danny Welbeck secured the win for the Three Lions. Hodgson was pleased with the result and praised his team for their performance. "We played well tonight," he said. "We controlled the game and didn't give Estonia many chances. Our two goals were well taken and I'm pleased with the performance overall." Despite the victory, the decision to rest Sterling will continue to be a topic of discussion. With England set to play Lithuania on Monday, Hodgson may decide to bring the Liverpool winger back into the starting lineup. Hodgson will also be without the injured Daniel Sturridge for the Lithuania match.