article: By . MailOnline Reporter . Angel Sanches, 17, has been arrested on suspicion of strangling cousin Katherina Gonzalez, five, to death and hanging her body in a closet . A 17-year-old illegal immigrant who is accused of  strangling his five-year-old cousin to death before leaving her body hanging in a closet has admitted raping her. Angel Sanches-Zenteno was arrested earlier this month after Katherina Gonzalez's body was found inside a vacant apartment in Lake Highlands, Dallas. Sanches-Zenteno told police he was with the girl, but said another man who he identified only as 'Carlos' was responsible for her death. According to police Sanches-Zenteno told them his cousin followed him into the building after he was taken hostage 'Carlos'. Sanches-Zenteno claimed 'Carlos' forced him into the building at gunpoint before shutting him in the closet. He had initially told police that he 'did not rape' Katherina, according to police documents, reports Dallas News. He told another investigator that he did sexually assault the girl for 'less than a minute,' but did so because the other man was holding him at gunpoint and told him to. Police took DNA samples from Sanches-Zenteno and sent them away to a lab for analysis. The lab matched his DNA to some found in the girl’s underwear, reports the news website. Gonzalez' body was found in an abandoned property in this block of apartments (pictured). Sanches claims he was taken hostage by a man named 'Carlos' before his cousin followed him in and he escaped . A police officer takes photos at the building where the body of Katherina Gonzalez was found . But witness Freddie Washington says he saw Sanches-Zenteno lure Gonzalez into the abandoned housing block, telling the girl 'Come on, come on,' before the pair disappeared inside. Mr Washington told WFAA 8: 'I think he waited for me to leave around the corner and then took her into the vacant apartment.' Tributes are left to the little girl who was found dead September 2 following a search for her after she was reported missing by her family . According to reports, Gonzalez was staying with her uncle at the time of the attack because both of her parents were at work. Officers were called to reports that Gonzalez had gone missing, and after a thorough search found her body hanging in the closet. He has now been charged with aggravated sexual assault in addition to capital murder. Police said in an arrest warrant affidavit: 'At this time, the alleged second suspect has not yet been located.' Police said he is an undocumented immigrant who has lived in the U.S. for six months to a year.
highlights: Angel Sanches, 17, arrested after Katherina Gonzalez's body was found . Sanches denies killing, saying he was taken hostage by man named 'Carlos' But a witness says he saw Sanches luring the girl into empty apartments . Charged with aggravated sexual assault in addition to capital murder .
id: 819b9fdb9983d4f368bfaa5ea3abe11b4cf37570
chatgpt: Police have arrested Angel Sanches, 17, in connection with the brutal murder of Katherina Gonzalez. The body of 16-year-old Gonzalez was found in an empty apartment building in the downtown area of the city. Sanches denies killing Gonzalez, saying that he was taken hostage by a man named Carlos. However, a witness has come forward claiming to have seen Sanches luring Gonzalez into the empty apartments. The witness, who wishes to remain anonymous, told police that they saw Sanches talking to Gonzalez outside of a convenience store. The witness thought nothing of it until they saw the pair heading towards the empty apartments. They watched from a distance as Sanches led Gonzalez inside, and the witness immediately called the police. When law enforcement officers arrived, they entered the building and found Gonzalez's lifeless body in a pool of blood. She had been brutally assaulted and was pronounced dead on the scene. Sanches was arrested soon after, and he continues to deny any involvement in the murder. However, he has been charged with both aggravated sexual assault and capital murder. Sanches has a record of violent behavior, having been arrested in the past for assault and battery. It is unclear if Carlos exists, or if Sanches is using him as an excuse to avoid responsibility for Gonzalez's murder. Police are currently investigating the possibility of there being an accomplice involved. The Gonzalez family is devastated by the death of their daughter, who was known to be a vibrant and outgoing personality at her local high school. Her friends and teachers have expressed their shock and dismay at her untimely death, and the community is mourning the loss of a promising young person. As the investigation continues, police are urging anyone with information about Sanches or the murder of Katherina Gonzalez to come forward. They caution that he may be dangerous, and advise anyone who sees him to call 911 immediately. The family of Katherina Gonzalez is also urging anyone who may have information to step forward, in the hopes that justice will be served for their daughter's tragic death. In the meantime, the city is reeling from the news of the murder, and many are questioning what can be done to prevent another tragedy like this in the future. The police department has promised to do everything in their power to bring justice to the Gonzalez family and to ensure the safety of all citizens, but many in the community feel that more needs to be done to address the underlying causes of violence and crime in the area.