article: Partizan Belgrade head coach Marko Nikolic says his side have 'nothing to lose' against Tottenham when they kick off the Europa League group stage. Mauricio Pochettino's side begin their Group C campaign on Thursday with a tough-looking match in Serbia against the 25-time national champions. Partizan finished runners-up in the Serbian SuperLiga last term and began this season in the Champions League before being edged out on away goals in the third qualifying round by Ludogorets, who performed so impressively at Liverpool on Tuesday. Partizan Belgrade head coach Marko Nikolic says his side have nothing to fear against Tottenham . It has meant Crno-beli's attention has switched to the Europa League and head coach Nikolic says they approach the group stage opener with the pressure off given Spurs' star-studded line-up. 'Of course you have nothing to lose in this match,' the Partizan head coach said at the pre-match press conference. 'We managed to bring back a good competitive rhythm in the game with [Saturday's 4-2 league win against] Cukaricki and now we have the strongest possible opponents at the beginning of this competition, Tottenham. Partizan (right) lost on away goals to Ludogorets (left) in the Champions League third qualifying round . 'Partizan have partially fulfilled its goal by making the group stage, but I do not want to be mere participants. I want to try to compete at this level, to show how much power we have. 'We will not make big promises, but we will try to win this match as we do with every match.' Partizan, unbeaten in all 11 matches this season, will be without Andrija Zivkovic and Darko Brasanac on Thursday through injury, while Peter Skuletic is banned after being sent off against Neftci in the play-offs. Tottenham drew 2-2 at Sunderland on Saturday with  Christian Eriksen (centre) scoring their second .
highlights: Partizan Belgrade host Tottenham in their opening Europa League clash . Partizan lost on away goals to Ludogorets in the Champions League third qualifying round . Partizan coach Marko Nikolic believes his side have nothing to lose against Mauricio Pochettino's star-studdied Tottenham squadÂ .
id: 155e2ed5574ceed8f9c2459a3c2286abadcf60d3
chatgpt: Serbian team Partizan Belgrade will welcome Spurs at Stadion FK Partizan for their opening Europa League clash in what promises to be an electrifying encounter. The hosts come into this game off the back of a Champions League third qualifying round defeat to Ludogorets. Partizan lost on away goals to the Bulgarian team after a 1-1 aggregate draw. Despite the defeat, Partizan coach Marko Nikolic believes his side can take a lot of positives from their performance against Ludogorets. "Our players showed a lot of courage and determination in that game, and I'm sure that they will carry that spirit into the match against Tottenham," said Nikolic. "We know that Tottenham is a quality team, with some of the best players in the world. But we have nothing to lose and everything to gain." Partizan will be hoping to take advantage of Tottenham’s stuttering start to the season, with Mauricio Pochettino’s side winning just one of their last four Premier League games. Tottenham will also be without star striker Harry Kane, who is still recovering from a hamstring injury. Despite Kane’s absence, Nikolic still expects Tottenham to come out firing. "Tottenham is a world-class team with a lot of quality players. We know that they have a lot of firepower up front, and we will have to be very focused and disciplined if we are to get anything from this game." Tottenham will be hoping to put their recent struggles behind them and kick-start their season with a convincing win in Serbia. The squad will be boosted by the return of Dele Alli, who missed the 0-0 draw against Watford over the weekend. The Europa League is often seen as a secondary competition by Premier League clubs, but for Partizan, this is a chance to make a statement on the European stage. If they can upset Tottenham, Partizan will send shockwaves through the continent and gain a massive confidence boost ahead of the rest of the tournament.