article: By . Pedro Oliveira Jr. A 10-month-old girl has died in Kansas after her foster father forgot her for more than two hours inside a car outside their home in 95-degree weather. Neighbors . say the baby was the foster child of two men who had as . many as five children in the house. Seth Michael Jackson, 29, was arrested on an aggravated child endangerment charge and hauled to Sedgwick County Jail, the Wichita Eagle reported. Forgetful: Police say Seth Michael Jackson (right) and Payton Schroeder (left) only remembered the little girl was still outside because of something they saw on television. Jackson had left her there and Schroeder, who was not charged with a crime, thought she was already inside . Tragic: The little girl had been inside this Dodge Charger for more than two hours before the parents remembered her . Shocked: Neighbors hug in disbelief near the parked car where a 10-month-old Wichita girl died . The other . dad, Payton Schroeder, has not been charged. He was already home . when Jackson came in and assumed he'd brought the baby in, the paper reported. Lieutenant . Todd Ojile said Jackson picked up the 10-month-old from the babysitter . and took her home about 4pm on Thursday. He went inside with a . 5-year-old child but had 'somehow forgotten' the baby strapped inside . his gray Dodge Charger. Hours . later, Jackson saw something on television that made him 'remember the little girl was still in the car,' Ojile told reporters on . Friday. 'They immediately rushed outside and found the child deceased in the vehicle,' he added. Jackson and Schroeder called Wichita police about 7pm. First responders arrived minutes later and  pronounced dead at the scene. Arrested: Jackson was booked into Sedgwick County Jail early morning on Friday on suspicion of aggravated endangerment of a child . Distraught: The little girl's biological grandmother, Cindy Poe, says she just wants to hold her baby girl one last time . One of . the foster parents was 'hysterically crying' outside the house before they were both taken in by police for questioning. 'I just want see her, I just want to . hold her, you know, for the last time,' the girl's biological grandmother, Cindy Poe, told KWCH-TV. 'That's what I'm . trying to fight. They don't know if I can do that, I'm trying to fight . to hold her.' Two of the couple's other children, ages 5 and 7, were taken into protective custody. 'It’s very sad,' neighbor Sandy Jessogne told the Eagle. 'You wouldn’t expect it in your own yard. 'When I found out what happened I just couldn’t believe it.' Temperatures in Wichita were sizzling at more than 95 degrees on Thursday. After an hour, that kind of heat can make the inside of a car bake at nearly 130 degrees, The Weather Channel reported. Like an Oven: After just 60 minutes, temperatures inside a car left out in 90-degree heat can feel like more than 130 degrees .
highlights: Father Seth Michael Jackson, 29, arrested on suspicion of aggravated child endangerment and hauled to jail . He picked up the little girl from babysitter but left her strapped to car seat . Dad 'forgot' about child until something they saw on TV jolted their memory . Two other children taken into protective custody .
id: 040a1dda907294aa72de9c012726ca48c2041f9f
chatgpt: A father in Kansas City, Missouri was arrested on suspicion of aggravated child endangerment after leaving his young daughter alone in a car for several hours. Seth Michael Jackson, 29, picked up his daughter from a babysitter and then apparently forgot about her when he arrived home. Neighbors reported seeing Jackson's car parked outside his home for several hours before he eventually remembered his daughter was still in the back seat. According to the police report, Jackson only remembered his daughter when he saw something on TV that jolted his memory. When authorities arrived at the scene, they found the little girl strapped into her car seat and left unattended for several hours. She was taken to a nearby hospital for evaluation but appeared to be uninjured. Jackson was immediately taken into custody and hauled off to jail. Two other children who were also in the home at the time were taken into protective custody by the state. Neighbors and local residents expressed outrage at Jackson's actions. Many could not believe that a father could forget his own child for hours on end. "It's just unbelievable," said one neighbor who witnessed the incident. "How could you forget your own child? I just can't wrap my head around it." The incident has also raised questions about the safety of leaving young children unattended in vehicles. According to the National Safety Council, nearly 38 children each year die as a result of being left in hot cars. In response to such tragedies, some states have passed laws requiring that children under a certain age must be secured in a rear-facing car seat in the back seat of a vehicle. Other states have passed laws requiring that parents be notified if their child is left in a car for an extended period of time. In this case, it's unclear whether Jackson will face additional charges. However, his arrest has served as a reminder to all parents to be vigilant when it comes to the safety of their children. "It's a terrible thing that happened," said another neighbor. "But I hope it serves as a wake-up call to all parents out there to never forget about their own children." As for Jackson's daughter, she has been released from the hospital and is currently in the custody of the state. It's unclear who will be caring for her moving forward, but authorities have assured the public that they will do everything in their power to ensure her safety and well-being.