article: Motorists who throw rubbish from their cars could face prosecution as part of moves to make littering as 'socially unacceptable as drink driving'. Government ministers want to clamp down on drivers who throw rubbish from their vehicles in a bid to lower the multi-million pound cost of picking up roadside waste. It is also part of moves to make it simpler for councils to impose fines on people who litter on the roads. Motorists who throw rubbish from their cars could face prosecution as part of moves to make littering as 'socially unacceptable as drink driving . Ministers want to push for a 'cultural change' over littering in Britain as it was revealed about 30 million tons are dropped a year leaving the country with a £1billion clean-up bill. The Sunday Telegraph says it has seen Government documents which state: 'We support the view that littering should be as socially unacceptable as drink driving.' The newspaper says that other measures under consideration include organising a 'clean up Britain day' funded by the Government. They also include fresh guidelines outlining powers local councils have to control littering as well as requirements for cigarette companies to provide finds for picking up discarded butts. The Sunday Telegraph quotes the Communities Secretary Eric Pickles as saying: 'There is a lot more we can do to clean up our streets by working with community groups and young people to encourage social responsibility and restoring a sense of local pride. Ministers want to push for a 'cultural change' over littering in Britain as it was revealed about 30 million tons are dropped a year leaving the country with a £1billion clean-up bill . 'Councils should also be working with the tobacco industry to stop cigarette litter - if the industry wants to help, the shouldn't be turning away their support.' Outside London, enforcement officers are only permitted to fine motorists if they can prove exactly who threw litter from a vehicle, the newspaper reports. But it says powers passed earlier this year mean that if rubbish is seen being thrown from a car, van or lorry, the registered keeper can be fined. The Government is carrying out further studies as it looks to take its latest proposals forward.
highlights: Drivers could face prosecution for littering under new Government plans . It is part of proposals to make littering as 'unacceptable as drink driving' Ministers want to push for a 'cultural change' over littering in Britain . £1bn of taxpayers money spent every year clearing up 30m tons of rubbish .
id: 233426ce7d8b4ed2aab000d9445dbc2e6f83e64e
chatgpt: The UK government is set to introduce new measures which could result in drivers facing prosecution for littering. The move is part of a wider initiative to make littering as socially unacceptable as drink driving. According to government sources, the aim is to bring about a "cultural change" over how Britons treat rubbish. Ministers hope that by introducing tougher measures, they can reduce the £1bn taxpayers' money spent each year on clearing up the 30 million tonnes of rubbish generated in the UK annually. The new proposals would mean that motorists who throw litter out of their car could face a fine and points on their driving licence. The government's plans come as part of a wider crackdown on littering in the country. The move follows publication of a report by the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (DEFRA) which found that littering has a significant impact on the environment, as well as causing health risks and affecting local wildlife. Speaking about the plans, Environment Secretary, George Eustice, said: "Littering blights our neighbourhoods and our countryside, pollutes our rivers and seas and harms wildlife. We want to send a clear message that this antisocial behaviour will not be tolerated. By introducing tougher measures, we can reduce the amount of litter on our streets and in our countryside, which will have a positive impact on our environment." The move has been welcomed by environmental campaigners, who have long called for greater action to tackle the problem of littering in the UK. The Litter Campaigning Organisation, Keep Britain Tidy, said in a statement: "We know that littering is a major issue in the UK, and we welcome the government's intention to crack down on it. It's time to make littering as socially unacceptable as drink driving, and we believe that measures such as these will help to achieve that." However, the move has also been criticised by some who argue that the government's focus on littering could be seen as "heavy-handed". The RAC Foundation, a charity that works to improve motoring conditions in the UK, said that while littering was unacceptable, the focus should be on educating people about the issue rather than punishing them. Overall, the government's plans represent a significant shift in how littering is dealt with in the UK. With motorists facing the prospect of prosecution for littering, it is clear that the government is determined to take a tough stance on this issue, in a bid to bring about the cultural change that is needed to tackle the problem.