article: Nairobi, Kenya (CNN) -- Somali pirates freed a British hostage Wednesday, nearly seven months after she was taken captive in a raid at a Kenyan beach resort in which her husband was killed. Judith Tebbutt said in a statement she was hugely relieved to be free and overjoyed to be reunited with her son, Ollie. She said he had played a key role in securing her release. "This, however, is a time when my joy at being safe again is overwhelmed by my immense grief, shared by Ollie and the wider family, following David's passing in September last year," she said. "My family and I now need to grieve properly. "I hope that while I adjust to my freedom and the devastating loss of my husband, that I and my family will be allowed space, time and most of all privacy, to come to terms with the events of the last six months," her statement said. Tebbutt was flown out of Adado, Somalia, to the Kenyan capital, Nairobi. "The priority now is to get her to a place of safety," said a spokesman from the British Foreign and Commonwealth Office. Tebbutt's release came after lengthy negotiations between elders in Adado and local authorities, said Omar Mohammed Diirey, a regional administration official in central Somalia. He described Tebbutt as "very tired and pale but fine otherwise." Somali Information Minister H.E. Abdulkadir Hussein expressed relief at Tebbutt's release. "The Somali government will assist in any way it can in the capture and the arrest of the kidnappers who murdered her husband and kept her hostage since September 2011," he said, urging assistance from the international community in thwarting the extremism and piracy plaguing the Horn of Africa nation. Tebbutt was abducted from a safari lodge in the popular Kenyan tourist town of Lamu in September. Gunmen fatally shot her husband, David Tebbutt, when he resisted, according to Kenyan police. Judith Tebbutt was spirited away aboard a pirates' speedboat. Journalist Mohamed Amiin Adow contributed to this report.
highlights: Judith Tebbutt was abducted by Somali pirates last September . Her husband was killed in the raid at a Kenyan beach resort . She says she was hugely relieved to be free again .
id: a3f8cd79857952c00a15bb711497b4ae9912002e
chatgpt: After nearly seven months in captivity at the hands of Somali pirates, Judith Tebbutt has been released. Tebbutt, a British citizen, was abducted from a Kenyan beach resort last September. Her husband, David, was killed in the raid. Tebbutt was freed on March 21 and has since returned to the UK. She spoke to reporters outside her home, thanking those who had helped secure her release and expressing relief at being free again. "I'm hugely relieved to be home," Tebbutt said. "It's been an incredibly difficult time, but I'm just so grateful to be back with my family and friends." Tebbutt's release follows months of negotiations between Somali authorities, the British government and Tebbutt's family. It is unclear whether a ransom was paid for her release. Tebbutt was taken from the Kiwayu Safari Village, a popular beach resort near the border between Kenya and Somalia. Her husband was shot and killed during the raid. Tebbutt was held in various locations in Somalia during her captivity. British Prime Minister David Cameron welcomed Tebbutt's release, saying, "We are relieved and grateful that Judith Tebbutt is now safe and well, and back with her family where she belongs." The incident has highlighted the ongoing problem of piracy in the waters off the coast of Somalia. While pirate attacks have declined in recent years due to increased naval patrols and the use of private security forces on merchant vessels, piracy remains a threat in the region. Tebbutt's case was particularly high profile due to her nationality and the circumstances of her abduction. The British government and other international bodies have been criticised for not doing enough to combat piracy and support victims of piracy. Tebbutt's release has been welcomed by human rights groups and anti-piracy organisations. However, concerns remain about the ongoing threat of piracy in the region and the plight of those who remain in captivity.