article: (CNN) -- The Arab League, which held an emergency meeting in Cairo on Sunday about the ongoing unrest in Syria, is considering suspending the country from the organization. The Gulf Cooperation Council, made up of six Gulf Arab states, is spearheading the motion, which would need two-thirds of the assembly vote to pass. In his opening remarks, Syrian ambassador Yousef Ahmad blamed foreign influences for the unrest in his country. He cited the influence of Arabic-language news groups, which he said are targeting Syria. The Arab League meeting comes after more than seven months of protests against the government in Syria in which the United Nations says about 3,000 people have died. Also Sunday, Syrian security forces set up barricades and carried out raids, according to opposition sources. Eleven people were killed, said the Local Coordination Committees (LCC) of Syria -- eight in Homs, two in Idlib and one in Zabadani, a Damascus suburb. Security and military forces were conducting raids and arresting people, apparently at random, in the suburbs of Damascus -- where heavy gunfire was heard -- and in villages around Homs, according to two opposition groups. There were also general strikes in the city of Daraa, one of the centers of resistance to the government of President Bashar al-Assad, according to the LCC and the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. The latter group said security forces fired live bullets at thousands of mourners attending the funeral of activist Ziad al-Obeidi in Dair Elzor on Sunday, which turned into a demonstration demanding the overthrow of the regime. A group allied with the government, meanwhile, named a number of anti-government activists it said were being paid and organized by agents of the United States and Israel. "America is recruiting these weak-minded people to create sectarian fighting to help Israel and weaken Syria," said Elyas Helyani of the Syrian Human Rights Network. "We have evidence of all this and will publish it soon to let the entire world know the reality," he told CNN. CNN cannot independently confirm events in Syria, which restricts international journalists from accessing many parts of the country. The government says it has been making efforts to respond to citizens' grievances about the country's political system, and blames armed groups for stoking the violence. Al-Assad announced the formation of a committee Saturday to draft a new constitution within four months, the Syrian Arab News Agency reported. CNN's Hamdi Alkhshali and journalist Ian Lee contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: Syrian security forces kill 11, an opposition group says . The Arab League is considering suspending Syria from the body . The Syrian ambassador blames foreign influences for the unrest in his country . About 3,000 people have died in months of protests against the government .
id: 7258774323ff20e14f627dbee5ed122a6e108269
chatgpt: In the latest wave of violence in Syria, security forces have reportedly killed 11 people, according to an opposition group. The government's crackdown against pro-democracy protesters has led to the deaths of roughly 3,000 people over the course of several months.  The international community has been increasingly outraged by the situation in Syria. The Arab League is currently considering suspending Syria from the organization due to the government's continued use of violence against its own citizens.  The Syrian ambassador has vehemently denied any wrongdoing on behalf of the government and instead has blamed foreign influences for the unrest in the country. However, his claims have been met with skepticism by many, including other Arab nations that have grown increasingly critical of President Bashar al-Assad's regime.  The situation in Syria continues to escalate, with both sides refusing to back down. The government has deployed military forces in various cities throughout the country in an attempt to quell the protests, but the opposition continues to hold rallies and demonstrations.  The international community has been divided on the appropriate response to the Syrian government's actions. Some have called for more aggressive measures, such as military intervention, while others have advocated for a more hands-off approach. The Arab League's potential suspension of Syria is just one example of the growing pressure being put on the government to end the violence.  One major concern is the impact of the Syrian crisis on the wider Middle East region. With sectarian tensions already high in the area, the violent crackdown on pro-democracy protesters in Syria has the potential to further destabilize the region. Some fear that if the situation in Syria continues to deteriorate, it could lead to a larger conflict that engulfs neighboring countries.  Despite the challenges, there have been some small signs of progress. The Syrian government recently released several hundred political prisoners, a move that was praised by both the United Nations and the European Union. However, many feel that this is just a small gesture and that more needs to be done to address the root causes of the protests.  As the crisis in Syria drags on, the international community will continue to grapple with how best to handle the situation. With many lives at stake and the potential for even greater regional instability, it is clear that a resolution to the conflict must be found soon.