article: LONDON, England (CNN) -- Suits were swapped for jeans and sneakers throughout London's financial district today, as bankers heeded warnings to dress down to avoid the potential wrath of G-20 protestors. Bankers in London head to work in casual attire. Many city workers have been urged to dress down to avoid attention from protesters. "Only about 20 percent of people probably just refused to dress down. Everybody else is in jeans," said Jesse Feldman, a banker at French investment bank, Société Générale. All week banks and investment firms located in London's City neighborhood have been advising employees to not dress in regular business attire. "Staff are permitted to wear casual clothing -- jeans/trainers -- commencing March 30. Avoid briefcases/branded bags/computer cases: Put materials in rucksacks or carrier bags where possible," U.S. bank, J.P. Morgan told employees in an email statement last week quoted on City news Web site Hereisthecity.com. Employees at Rothschild investment bank in London were told simply not to bother coming into work at all today. Among those who did commute to the office, bystanders said that the bankers are still easy to spot, conspicuously reading UK newspaper The Financial Times or dressing in a uniform business casual look. "On the tube this morning I thought it was ridiculous because all these bankers couldn't have looked more like bankers trying to dress down," Feldman told CNN. Instead of jackets, ties and Oxford shoes, polo shirts, khakis and loafers now fill the streets around the City and much of central London. "I saw two bankers wearing matching baby blue sweaters, tight jeans and Church's -- ridiculous," Feldman added, referring to the up-scale brand of traditional English shoes. One Web site that covers news and gossip in the City has been tracking the banker backlash to the warnings. "It's a mixture: people are falling into two types. The banks and the funds are certainly encouraging the staff to wear casual dress, but some are determined they won't cower to protestors and are still showing up in suits," said Vic Daniels, publisher of HereistheCity.com. On Monday, Bloomberg quoted one City professional, Graham Williams, 66, who said: "We're not pansies ... most of us have played rugby or boxed. "If any of those guys do get violent against us individually because we are wearing a suit, we will take action." The site also offers humorous advice for bankers to respond to protestors by dumping "large blocks of ice" to "render them harmless," and encouraging bankers to "find your inner G20 [sic] spot." Despite the jokes, precautions proved valuable Wednesday as thousands of angry anti-capitalist protestors converged on the City for demonstrations to coincide with the G-20 summit. By midday protestors had started smashing windows at a branch The Royal Bank of Scotland. Earlier in the day 11 people were arrested after being stopped in an armored personnel carrier. Thousands of police are continuing to patrol the streets in anti-riot gear.
highlights: Fearing protesters bankers dressed down for work in London today . Banks and businesses in the City warned employees not to wear suits . Some said bankers remained conspicuous despite attempts to dress casually . "We are not pansies," said one defiant City worker, still wearing a suit .
id: e776cb15817b7b113ba37c5231b8507393abcd75
chatgpt: Bankers in London were seen dressing down for work today, fearing potential confrontations with protesters. In the City, banks and businesses issued warnings to their employees to avoid wearing suits, as the outfits have become synonymous with greedy financial institutions.  Despite the warnings, some bankers remained conspicuous by continuing to don their tailored suits. However, many opted for a more casual style, wearing chinos, trainers, and even hoodies to blend in with the crowd. "We understand that the public perception of our industry is not positive, and we want to show that we are more than just suits," said one City employee who chose to dress down for the day. Nevertheless, some bankers were defiant in their choice of attire. One worker stated, "We are not pansies," as he strode through the crowds in his sharp suit. The protests were sparked by a recent scandal involving a high-profile bank, which has been accused of fraudulent activity and putting profit over people. The angry demonstrators marched through the streets of London, calling for more regulation and transparency in the banking sector. "We are sick and tired of these bankers getting away with whatever they want," said one protester. "They think they are untouchable, but we are here to show them that the people will not stand for it any longer." Despite the tense atmosphere, the protests remained mostly peaceful. Police officers were on hand to ensure that the demonstrations did not descend into violence, and bank employees were advised to avoid any confrontations. Many bankers have been left feeling uneasy about the situation, as they feel unfairly targeted by the public. "We are not all like the bankers that have caused these problems, but it's hard to shake off that image," said one bank employee. "From now on, I think I will be dressing down more often." It remains to be seen whether bankers will continue to dress down in the City or whether they will revert to their usual attire. However, one thing is clear: the public's perception of the banking sector has been severely damaged, and it will take a lot of work to repair the trust that has been lost.