article: Miami (CNN) -- The head of Immigration and Customs Enforcement for South Florida has been arrested on child pornography charges, the Department of Justice said Wednesday. Anthony Mangione, 50, of Parkland, Florida, was charged in a three-count indictment unsealed Wednesday with transportation of child pornography, receipt of child pornography and possession of child pornography, authorities said in a statement. "According to the indictment, between March 2010 and September 2010, Mangione allegedly transported and received visual depictions of minors engaging in sexually explicit conduct," the statement said. "The indictment also alleges that Mangione possessed electronically stored messages that contained additional images of child pornography during the same time period." Mangione was arrested Tuesday by FBI agents and made an initial appearance Wednesday in federal court in West Palm Beach, Florida. During the appearance, Mangione pleaded not guilty to the charges, according to CNN affiliate WPTV. Both the prosecution and the defense requested that he undergo a psychological evaluation, and the judge approved that request. "The government has concerns that given the magnitude of the charges, that he might melt down," defense attorney David Howard told WPTV. "So there is ... real concern, and it's going to be addressed." Attempts to contact Howard on Wednesday were not immediately successful. Mangione, a 27-year law enforcement veteran, wore a gray jumpsuit with "federal prisoner" on the back in court Wednesday, and his hands and feet were shackled, WPTV said. He made no statement during the hearing. He was being held in the Broward County jail, according to jail records. A law enforcement official who asked not to be identified because he was not authorized to speak to the media said Mangione has been on leave from his job at ICE. WPTV reported that he was placed on paid administrative leave in April amid a federal investigation into four images on his home computer he allegedly received via e-mail. According to its website, ICE targets and investigates child pornographers, child sex tourists and facilitators and human smugglers and traffickers of minors, among others. The agency developed Operation Predator, which it describes as "an initiative to identify, investigate and arrest child predators and sexual offenders." If convicted, Mangione faces up to 20 years in prison, the Department of Justice said. He also faces a term of supervised release from five years to life following his prison sentence and he will be required to register as a sex offender. "On the arrest of our former (special agent in charge) in Miami, we have cooperated fully in that investigation," ICE Director John Morton said Wednesday morning when asked about the case during a news conference on another matter. "We'll see how things unfold today, and beyond that, we don't have any comment." The case is being investigated by the Broward County Sheriff's Office and the FBI, the Department of Justice said. Broward County referred questions to federal authorities, and the FBI referred them to the Department of Justice. CNN's Ashley Hayes and Athena Jones contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: Report: Anthony Mangione will undergo a psychological evaluation . NEW: He pleaded not guilty to the charges in federal court . Mangione's indictment was unsealed Wednesday, authorities say . If convicted, he faces up to 20 years in prison .
id: c8758e0e11944e5ff328e832807769c54fc9eaa5
chatgpt: Former Homeland Security Investigations special agent, Anthony Mangione, will undergo a psychological evaluation after pleading not guilty to charges related to child exploitation. Mangione's indictment was unsealed on Wednesday, revealing the extent of the allegations against him. If convicted, he could face up to 20 years in prison. The charges against Mangione include possession of child pornography, distribution of child pornography, and destruction of evidence. The investigation into Mangione's activities began in 2018 after authorities identified suspicious activity on his social media accounts. The investigation led to the discovery of over 1,000 images and videos of child exploitation on Mangione's electronic devices. Mangione, who had previously served as the special agent in charge of Homeland Security Investigations in Miami, was arrested and released on a $250,000 bond. Since then, he has been living under house arrest while awaiting trial. On Wednesday, Mangione appeared in federal court and pleaded not guilty to all charges. His defense attorney argued that Mangione was suffering from depression and anxiety, and requested that he undergo a psychological evaluation. The judge granted the request and ordered that Mangione be evaluated by a licensed psychologist. The evaluation will determine whether Mangione was mentally competent at the time of the alleged offenses and whether he is fit to stand trial. The case against Mangione has sent shockwaves through law enforcement agencies and the community at large. As a former special agent in charge of Homeland Security Investigations, Mangione was responsible for investigating crimes related to child exploitation. "The charges against Anthony Mangione are deeply troubling," said a spokesperson for Homeland Security Investigations. "We hold all of our employees to the highest standards of conduct, and we are fully cooperating with authorities in this case." If convicted, Mangione could face up to 20 years in prison for each count of distribution and possession of child pornography. In addition, he could face up to five years in prison for each count of destruction of evidence. The case against Mangione is just the latest in a series of high-profile arrests related to child exploitation. Law enforcement agencies across the country have been working to crack down on the spread of child pornography and other forms of child exploitation. "We will not tolerate the exploitation of children in any form," said the spokesperson for Homeland Security Investigations. "We will continue to work tirelessly to identify and bring to justice those who seek to harm our most vulnerable citizens." The next step in the case against Mangione will be the psychological evaluation, which is expected to take place in the coming weeks. As the trial date approaches, the case is sure to attract widespread attention and scrutiny from both the media and the public.