article: By . Jaymi Mccann . PUBLISHED: . 21:00 EST, 15 February 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 02:54 EST, 16 February 2013 . A hunt for dozens of Second World War Spitfires thought to have been buried in the Burmese jungle has proved fruitless. Last month, archaeologists spent nearly two weeks trying to unearth unused unassembled aircraft which they believed were packed into crates and buried by the RAF in 1945. But they failed to find any Spitfires at RAF Mingaladon, now Yangon International Airport. Archeologists spent two weeks hunting for the spitfire planes in the Burmese jungle . The aircraft were thought to have been delivered to Mangaladon Airport during World War II . Some 36 planes were thought to be lying undiscovered in Mingaladon - one of three potential locations in the country - with as many as 124 buried in total. But Wargaming Ltd, who were funding the project, today said they believe no Spitfires were delivered in crates and buried at RAF Mingaladon during 1945 and 1946. The company said that archival records showed that the RAF unit that handled shipments through Rangoon docks only received 37 aircraft in total from three transport ships between 1945 and 1946. None of the crates contained Spitfires and most appear to have been re-exported in the autumn of 1946, they said. Evidence also pointed to appalling weather conditions leaving a shortage of equipment, timber and labour at Mingaladon around the time meaning it would have been impossible for the RAF to bury aircraft 30ft deep in wooden crates even if it wanted to, according to Wargaming. Wing Commander Robert Stanford-Tuck, with Hawker Hurricanes for film Battle of Britain in 1968 . Tracy Spaight, Wargaming's director of . special projects, said: 'No-one would have been more delighted than our . team had we found Spitfires. 'We knew the risks going in, as our . team had spent many weeks in the archives and had not found any evidence . to support the claim of buried Spitfires. 'However, the team's assessment was that even if there were no crated Spitfires, parts of Spitfires or other aircraft might well have been found, since Mingaladon was a major airfield occupied by three different air force and hundreds of service people during World War Two. 'Had Spitfires been found we were equipped to recover them using the best available technical expertise. And we would have done the work to the same high ethical and archaeological standards which we brought to the rest of the project.'
highlights: Archeologists spent nearly two weeks trying to find 37 unused spitfires in the jungle . They were thought to have been delivered to Mingaladon, no Yangon international Airport . It now isn't clear if they were ever sent to the country .
id: d6a7f2cca8274b5ff5bf763d664c41fcd78566df
chatgpt: Archeologists have been working for nearly two weeks to unearth a hidden stash of 37 British Spitfires, which were believed to have been buried in jungle in Myanmar. The planes were thought to have been delivered to Mingaladon, near Yangon International Airport, but their exact location in the jungle remained unknown. According to local media sources, the search for the Spitfires began after a military excavation team arrived in the region with heavy drilling equipment. Despite their efforts, however, the team was unable to locate the buried planes. The Spitfires, which were manufactured in 1945, were intended to provide air support during the Second World War. It's unclear why the aircraft were never used, but some reports suggest that they were covered in wax and oil to protect them during transportation, and may have been too expensive to maintain during the post-war period. In the years following the war, rumors began to circulate about the buried planes, and a number of different theories emerged about their ultimate fate. Some speculated that they had been destroyed, while others claimed that they had been taken by the Chinese or Soviet military. Despite these rumors, however, evidence of the Spitfires' existence continued to emerge. In recent years, a team of British aviation enthusiasts conducted a survey of the area and found evidence of buried objects that appeared to be consistent with the shape and size of the planes. Thus, when the excavation team arrived in Myanmar in early February, hopes were high that the mythical Spitfires might finally be found.  However, after several days of searching, it became clear that the task was much more difficult than anticipated. Speaking to local media, one of the excavation team members said, "We have not found any planes yet, but we will continue to search until we are confident that they are not there." At this point, it is unclear whether the Spitfires were ever actually delivered to Myanmar, or whether they were simply lost or destroyed. Some have suggested that the rumors about hidden planes were simply a myth, while others believe that the aircraft could still be out there waiting to be discovered. For now, the search for the missing Spitfires will continue, with archaeologists and historians working together to uncover the truth about these enigmatic war machines. Whatever the outcome, it is clear that the legend of the buried Spitfires will continue to fascinate aviation enthusiasts and historians for years to come.