article: (CNN) -- A federal judge spent the night in an Atlanta jail after being charged with misdemeanor battery in an alleged domestic violence incident involving his wife. U.S. District Judge Mark Fuller, 55, of Montgomery, Alabama, was charged with battery physical harm-family violence after Atlanta police responded to the downtown Ritz-Carlton hotel shortly before 11 p.m. Saturday. "Officers spoke to the victim, who stated she was assaulted by her husband, Mark Fuller," an Atlanta Police Department release says. "Officers observed injuries to the victim. She was treated on scene by (paramedics) but refused to be transported to the hospital. Mr. Fuller was not injured." The judge arrived at the jail about 2:30 a.m. Sunday. Fuller appeared before Chief Magistrate Judge Stephanie Davis via video conference from the Fulton County Jail on Monday morning, said Fulton County Sheriff's Office spokeswoman Tracy Flanagan. Fuller's next court date is August 22 for a probable cause hearing, Flanagan said. There was no plea entered Monday because it was a bond hearing, public defender Melissa Nelson told CNN. Nelson didn't expect to obtain more information on the case, she said, because Fuller is hiring a private attorney, whose name wasn't immediately available. Davis granted Fuller a $5,000 signature bond and he walked out of the jail before noon, Flanagan said. Fuller was confirmed to the U.S. District Court for the Middle District of Alabama in 2002.
highlights: NEW: Fuller enters no plea at his Monday bond hearing . Police responded to Ritz-Carlton hotel, where Mark Fuller's wife said he assaulted her . Released on a signature bond, Fuller is expected back in court August 22 . Fuller was confirmed to the U.S. District Court for the Middle District of Alabama in 2002 .
id: 1ab17ae3f11e328cada28a6ba4b9ff04a981c9e0
chatgpt: Mark Fuller, a federal judge at the U.S. District Court for the Middle District of Alabama, appeared in court on Monday for a bond hearing. He was arrested over the weekend after his wife called the police to report an assault that took place at the Ritz-Carlton hotel. Fuller did not enter a plea during the hearing. According to his wife's account, Fuller hit her and dragged her around the hotel room. She called the police after he refused to let her leave the room. Fuller was apprehended by the police and charged with misdemeanor battery. Fuller was released on a signature bond, which means he did not have to pay any money to be released from jail. However, he is required to stay away from his wife and not have any contact with her. Fuller was confirmed to the U.S. District Court for the Middle District of Alabama in 2002. He has been involved in several high-profile cases during his tenure as a judge. Fuller is expected to appear back in court on August 22 for his arraignment. He has not yet decided if he will plead guilty or not guilty to the charges against him. This incident is not the first time that Fuller has faced controversy. In 2014, he was involved in a domestic violence incident and was ultimately forced to resign from a different case. Fuller's latest incident has caused concern among legal experts and members of the public.