article: DULUTH, Georgia (CNN) -- Neither the on-the-field fame nor the off-the-field notoriety of former Atlanta Falcons quarterback Michael Vick was enough to spark a bidding war for his suburban Atlanta mansion Tuesday. No one submitted the minimum $3.2 million bid for former Falcon Michael Vick's Atlanta-area mansion. The multimillion-dollar home in Duluth was on the auction block Tuesday, but just three real estate agents showed up -- and one of them, Lance Hempen of Funari Realty, was a listing agent who had no clients interested in the property. No one offered a bid, so the auction ended before it began. The auction required a minimum bid of $3.2 million, with a deposit of $160,000. Vick, 28, is serving a 23-month sentence after pleading guilty in August 2007 to a federal conspiracy charge of bankrolling a dogfighting operation at a home he owned in Virginia. He is expected to be released early, possibly in May, and to serve the final two months or so of his sentence under home confinement, most likely in Virginia. No dogfights occurred in Duluth, 40 miles northeast of Atlanta. The home, in the upscale Sugarloaf Country Club community, has been on the market for more than a year. It has eight bedrooms, 11 bathrooms, a four-car garage and a movie theater, among other deluxe features. Narender Reddy of Metro Brokers/GMAC Real Estate said his client offered $3.2 million for the home two months ago, but the auction organizers said they wanted to see whether someone would offer more. Reddy said his client withdrew the bid but remains interested. "Why would I let them use my offer as a benchmark?" Reddy asked. "I wanted to see who was going to bid and what were they going to offer." He will advise his client to offer less money now, Reddy said. Seema Jain of Virtual Properties Realty also was on hand. She said that she has interested buyers but that they didn't want to bid if there was no competition. The next step is to be determined by the bankruptcy judge in Virginia who ordered the sale. Reddy said the price is too high for today's economy. "It is the economy that is dictating the price of the houses, and I'm sure most of the people still think $3.2 million ... is higher than what the market can fetch," he said. Jain said no one seems turned off by Vick's reputation. "Nobody cares about who owns it. It's just the product and the location," she said. Reddy said the home is "well-built, has a lake view and an excellent floor plan." CNN's Amanda Moyer and Deb Krajnak contributed to this report.
highlights: No one submitted minimum $3.2 million bid for Michael Vick's mansion . Vick, former quarterback of the Atlanta Falcons, is in prison . He was convicted last year in connection with dogfighting operation . Mansion in Duluth, Georgia, has eight bedrooms, 11 bathrooms .
id: b8f7d41759dca62a512ba604969407e68e4a9ce1
chatgpt: Former NFL quarterback Michael Vick's luxurious mansion in Duluth, Georgia failed to garner any minimum bid of $3.2 million recently, as the property was left unsold. Unfortunately, the mansion's association with Vick's horrific dogfighting operation still taints it severely. Despite offering an impressive eight bedrooms, 11 bathrooms, a state-of-the-art theatre, swimming pool, and a six-car garage, the exclusive property's ties to Vick's illegal dogfighting ring make it a less than desirable purchase. Vick, who played for the Atlanta Falcons, was sentenced to 23 months in prison over a decade ago for his role in the brutal dogfighting operation that used his property as the main venue. It's no surprise that people are hesitant to invest in the property. According to WSBTV, the property remained unsold during the latest auction. The millionaire-quarterback originally purchased the property for $3.5 million back in 2005. The past years have not been kind to it though, as the property was appraised at $2.63 million, $870,000 less than the minimum bidding price. Despite being reduced by almost a million dollars, no one was interested, and it seems the dark legacy left by the dogfighting operation was too much to overlook. Since his release from prison, Vick has tried to clean up his image, and even worked with the Humane Society to push for animal welfare. He also publicly apologized for his actions. But despite this, the mansion still stands as a grim reminder of the atrocities that were committed there. Vick's involvement with dogfighting that jolted the country over a decade ago is still regularly brought up, and the association with the mansion is still too much for most individuals to overcome. At this point, it is unclear what the future holds for the mansion. It is undoubtedly a magnificent property, but it is saddled with a painful legacy of animal abuse that continues to cast a dark cloud over it. Perhaps, in time, the mansion will be seen in a different light, but for now, it is hard to forget the tragedies that took place there.