article: John Freeman, the former politician credited with inventing the television interview, has died at the age of 99 . Politician, magazine editor and pioneering television interviewer John Freeman has died, aged 99, it was reported last night. Mr Freeman was the last person living today who had been elected to Parliament in the landslide Labour victory of 1945, when he became the Labour MP for Watford. His loyal toast at the opening of Parliament prompted Winston Churchill to weep ‘all the best young men are on the other side now.’ But John Freeman was best known for his work on televison, in particular his series of Face to Face interviews on the BBC during the 1960s. He is often credited with having invented the political interview. Freeman’s face was never shown on Face to Face. Instead attention was focused on the subject of the interview, including merciless closeups, while viewers saw only Freeman’s back and the curl of smoke from his cigarette. He was renowned for his persistence and direct approach as an interviewer. Freeman’s own life was one of paradoxes. Born 19 February, 1915, the son of a Chancery barrister from whom he inherited his hard, analytical mind, it was reported that he was invited to eat with his father only once a week. Educated at Westminster School, he saw active service in The Second World War and was appointed MBE in 1943. He became a presenter of Panorama before editing New Statesman magazine and presenting Face to Face. Harold Wilson appointed him British High Commissioner to India (1965-68) and he became Ambassador in Washington DC (1969-71). He went on to become Chairman of LWT in 1971, serving until his retirement in 1984. Mr Freeman (pictured centre with Robert Kee, left, and William Rees Mogg, right, in the I.T.N. 1964 election studio) presented Panorama and Face to Face . Then, aged 69, he decided to move on again. Giving up everything he moved abroad with his third family to California where he became a visiting professor of international relations. He returned to the UK in 1990. John Freeman married four times and was known as something of a ladies man, conducting numerous affairs. In his professional life, however, he remained low key, and refused to embrace any form of celebrity. In 2005 he wrote: ‘When I retired from even the out reaches of public responsibility, I resolved to put that life completely out of mind – to forget it all, in fact.’ In recent years John Freeman had been living in a military care home in South London.
highlights: Politician and magazine editor John Freeman reportedly died last night . The 99-year-old is widely credited with inventing the television interview . Mr Freeman is best known for work including the BBC series Face to Face .
id: 6f0659e6ca8b4e07a091a00cb51bc115f570728f
chatgpt: John Freeman, a renowned British politician, and magazine editor reportedly passed away last night at the age of 99. Freeman is remembered as a pioneer in the field of television journalism and is widely credited with inventing the television interview, revolutionizing the way news was presented to the public. Born in 1915, Freeman attended Oxford University and later began his career as a journalist. He worked for the New Statesman and the Evening Standard before joining the Army during World War II. After the war, he returned to journalism, becoming editor of the New Statesman in 1961, a role he held until 1965. It was during his time as editor of the New Statesman that Freeman first experimented with the idea of a television interview. He believed that television could be an effective way to engage with viewers and bring important issues to the forefront of public discussion. Freeman's first television interview was with the philosopher Bertrand Russell in 1960. The program, titled Face to Face, was a huge success and paved the way for a new style of television journalism focused on in-depth interviews with notable figures. Throughout his career, Freeman continued to be a leading figure in British politics. He served as a Member of Parliament for several years and held various cabinet positions, including Minister of State for Foreign Affairs and Minister of Public Building and Works. Despite being a part of the establishment, Freeman never lost his journalistic instincts and continued to be fascinated by the power of television to engage and inform the public. Freeman's work on Face to Face earned him numerous awards and accolades. In 1962, he won a Bafta for his outstanding contribution to television. In 1963, Time magazine named him as one of the 100 most influential people in the world. His interviews with figures such as Martin Luther King Jr., Salvador Dali, and Tony Hancock are still regarded as some of the best examples of television journalism. Following the news of his death, tributes have poured in from across the world of politics, media, and entertainment. Former Prime Minister Tony Blair described Freeman as a "true pioneer" who had "transformed the way we consume news and current affairs." BBC Director-General Tony Hall said Freeman had "a unique ability to get to the heart of important issues and bring them alive for viewers." John Freeman may be gone, but his legacy in the world of television journalism lives on. He will always be remembered as the man who brought the television interview to the forefront of public discussion and changed the way we engage with news and current affairs.