article: By . Neil Sears . A Tory MP has resigned from a key post over claims that he asked a Brazilian rent boy to supply him with drugs. Rising star Mark Menzies, 42, left his role as a minister’s aide shortly after being asked about his relationship with 19-year-old Rogerio dos Santos Pinto – who told reporters that the MP had been paying him for sex. The Brazilian said they met on a gay escort website and claimed the politician had given him a tour of the Houses of Parliament before allegedly offering to pay him £250 for a two-hour session. Accusations: Rogerio Santos, pictured, claims that he was paid for sex by Mark Menzies and was also asked for drugs . Resigned: Mark Menzies, pictured in his constituency, quit his job as a ministerial aide . And he insisted that Mr Menzies, who has been involved in debates about the Government’s drug policy, asked him to supply him with methedrone – nicknamed ‘poor man’s cocaine’. Possession of the Class B drug became a criminal offence in 2010 and if a complaint is made to police then it could result in charges. Mr Menzies resigned from his post as aide to International Development Minister Alan Duncan on Saturday night after Santos, who has now returned to Sao Paulo in Brazil, got in touch with the Press. He claimed: ‘I have been having sex with a Conservative MP for money. Mark also asked me to buy methedrone. I have messages of him talking to me about drugs. ‘We met very regularly over the last 18 months. He took me to the Houses of Parliament. Recently, he has been asking me to buy drugs. I have SMS messages and photographic evidence.’ Mr Menzies worked for Alan Duncan, pictured . He added that he was in Britain illegally after overstaying a student visa, although it is understood that Mr Menzies was unaware of the rent boy’s immigration status. Santos is also reported to have a photograph of Mr Menzies next to a plate of mystery white powder. Discussing the picture Santos said: ‘There is a plate of methedrone. 'He asked me if I could buy methedrone. He had many drugs, a lot of drugs.’ He also claimed that he had received a text from Mr Menzies in which the MP asked ‘What underwear you have?’, and another in which he told the rent boy to meet him in south London and ‘Bring sexy underwear’. Mr Menzies has yet to discuss the claims in detail but said in a statement on Saturday: ‘I have decided to resign as a Parliamentary Private Secretary after a series of allegations were made against me. 'A number of these allegations are not true and I look forward to setting the record straight in due course.’ Last night spokesmen for the Prime Minister and Conservative central office refused to comment. A spokesman for the Metropolitan Police said that no formal allegations had been made against the MP.
highlights: Rogerio Santos said Mark Menzies paid for sex and asked him for drugs . Says he was later asked to get hold of class-B drug methedrone . He quit after claims put to him but said many of the allegations were untrue . Tory source said Menzies would be 'getting help with personal issues' Menzies entered Commons in 2010 and worked for minister Alan Duncan . Tory colleagues have downplayed the impact of his 'very sad' resignation .
id: 78f1d8702dd5d6ccdb041ec2546b0b73646ffaff
chatgpt: Mark Menzies, a Conservative MP who has worked for minister Alan Duncan, has resigned from his post following claims by a man that he paid for sex and asked him for drugs. Rogerio Santos made the allegations against Menzies, claiming that he was asked to get hold of class-B drug Methedrone after the payment for sex. Menzies quit after the claims were put to him and claimed that many of the allegations were untrue. A Tory source said that Menzies would be "getting help with personal issues" following his resignation from his parliamentary position. The source went on to say that Menzies was a "hardworking and dedicated" MP who had made a significant contribution to the party. Menzies entered the House of Commons in 2010 and had been actively involved in politics ever since. However, his career has been overshadowed by the allegations against him, leading many of his Tory colleagues to downplay the impact of his "very sad" resignation. Rogerio Santos, who made the allegations against Menzies, claimed that he was initially introduced to the MP through a mutual friend. He said that at first, they spoke about politics and Menzies seemed like a nice person. However, as time went on, Menzies asked him for drugs and paid him for sex, according to Santos. Santos further claimed that Menzies asked him to get hold of class-B drug Methedrone, which he did not do. He said that his conscience would not allow him to get involved with something like that. Santos also claimed that Menzies was using his position as an MP to try and influence him. Menzies, on the other hand, has denied the allegations and claimed that many of them were untrue. He said that he had resigned from his position as an MP in order to avoid further damage to the party. The allegations against Menzies are the latest in a series of scandals involving politicians and their personal lives. Many people have expressed concern about the impact of these scandals on the political process and the reputations of politicians in general. Overall, it remains to be seen what effect the allegations against Menzies will have on his career and the Conservative Party as a whole. Many people will be watching closely to see how the party responds to the claims and what steps are taken to address any issues that may arise.