article: (CNN)  -- Mexico dealt a body blow to the World Cup chances of former champions France with 2-0 win over Les Bleus in their Group A clash in Polakwane on Thursday. Second half goals from Javier Hernandez and veteran Cuauhtemoc Blanco gave them a deserved victory against Raymond Domenech's men, who again disappointed. The result also means that Mexico and Uruguay are both assured of qualification if they draw their final group match in Rustenburg on June 22 whatever the outcome of France's game against hosts South Africa. Hosts held as World Cup begins . Hernandez made the breakthrough in the 64th minute as he rounded Hugo Lloris in the French goal to score after being put through by his captain Rafael Marquez. The clinching goal in the 78th minute came through a penalty by Blanco, awarded after his fellow substitute Pablo Barrera had burst into the penalty area past Patrice Evra to be brought down by Eric Abidal. The 37-year-old Blanco took a long run-up and beat Lloris with ease. Catch CNN's World Cup twitter.buzz . The Mexicans, who drew their opening match against the hosts, were always the more lively side with Arsenal's Carlos Vela and Carlos Salcido both having half chances with Lloris the busier goalkeeper. France looked to improve after the interval and Chelsea's Florent Malouda had their best opportunity as his powerful shot was pushed over, but it was just about all they had to show in an attacking sense and the omens do no look good for the 2006 runners-up. Domenech said it was now a question of salvaging pride after winning a solitary point from their two games following a tepid goalless draw against Uruguay. "We need a miracle now," he told AFP. "We have to be strong and at least play for our honor. At least we must show something in the last match. When we are forced to rely on others, there's nothing to say," added Domenech who will stand down as France coach after the finals.
highlights: Mexico beat France 2-0 in their Group A clash in Polakwane . Goals from Javier Hernandez and Cuauhtemoc Blanco in second half sink French . Uruguay and Mexico will both qualify from group if they draw their final match .
id: 294de0a40d4eb182c92ba44e4bf8e15e1c7f4eda
chatgpt: Mexico secured an impressive 2-0 victory over France in their Group A match at the Peter Mokaba Stadium in Polokwane on Thursday. The Mexican side dominated the game and deservedly emerged as winners, with Javier Hernandez and Cuauhtemoc Blanco scoring the crucial goals in the second half. The match started evenly, with both teams trying to assert their dominance. However, it was Mexico who looked more dangerous going forward, with Hernandez causing problems for the French defense with his pace and trickery. The first half ended goalless, with neither team able to capitalize on their chances. But it didn't take long for Mexico to break the deadlock after the break. Just four minutes into the second half, Hernandez latched onto a pass inside the box and slotted the ball past French goalkeeper Hugo Lloris to give Mexico the lead. The French side looked stunned and struggled to compose themselves for the rest of the game. Mexico continued to pile on the pressure, and it was only a matter of time before they scored their second goal. The Mexican veteran striker, Cuauhtemoc Blanco, came off the bench to double Mexico's lead in the 79th minute with a superbly executed free-kick that left Lloris stranded. The French side tried to respond but could not find a way past the Mexican defense, who were well-organized and compact throughout the game. The 2-0 victory for Mexico puts them one step closer to qualifying for the knockout stages of the World Cup. With this victory, Mexico now has four points from two games and sits on the top of Group A, ahead of Uruguay, who have three points, and France and South Africa, who have one point each. Mexico needs only a draw in their final game against Uruguay to secure their place in the round of 16. Moreover, Uruguay, who defeated South Africa 3-0 in their second group game, will also qualify for the knockout rounds if they can secure a point against Mexico in their final match. Mexico's coach, Javier Aguirre, praised his team's performance and said that they deserved to win. "I'm very happy with the team's performance. We played a perfect game and deservedly won. Now we need to focus on our next game against Uruguay, which will be a tough match," he said. The victory for Mexico over France has set them on course for qualification to the next stage of the World Cup. Fans of the Mexican side will be hoping that their team can maintain their winning momentum as they head into their final match against Uruguay.