article: Washington (CNN) -- Former Massachusetts governor and Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney dodged questions again on whether he'd consider mounting a third bid for the White House in an interview Monday, singling out another former governor instead. "If you look at (the 2016 Republican field) and see no Jeb Bush, no Chris Christie, no one who you think can raise the money and compete against the Democratic nominee then you'll think about it?" Mark Halperin, co-host of Bloomberg's "With All Due Respect," asked Romney in an interview Monday night. "I think Jeb is an excellent person, could be a terrific president," Romney said, predicting a wide field of "15 or so people on the stage at the first debate." "I'm not running, I'm not planning on running, and I got nothing new on that story," he said. Romney shifts spotlight to McConnell . While viewers didn't learn anything new about Romney's plans, they did get another peek into Romney's personal side -- which has emerged more and more from the guarded image of Romney that voters were exposed to two years ago. In an evolution from his stiff, buttoned-up demeanor that was often lampooned during his previous White House runs, Romney dished in the interview on his favorite television show, his grandchildren and even a leg massage. On "Downton Abbey": "I think the show was most enjoyable in the first season. Then when Matthew (Crawley) went off to war, it was a bit of a departure for a few seasons," Romney said, straight-faced. "I actually like the downstairs part more than the upstairs part, even though I think Mary (Crawley) is an absolutely delightful character and I love watching her." "Are we really talking about 'Downton Abbey'?" he said, laughing. Romney's wife, Ann, spoke previously about her family's penchant for the British drama in July 2012, prompting Halperin's question. Sizing up a Clinton-Romney race . On the downfalls of glad-handing on the campaign trail: "I shook so many hands at a couple of events that I began to get a kink in my back and so I asked the guy who traveled with me ... 'Can you find someone to get me a back massage at the hotel tonight?' " "And she gave me a massage, she was Hispanic-American, after I left to get changed and showered and so forth, she turned to (Romney's assistant) and said, 'Is he a dancer?' That was the best compliment I have ever had." What made her ask? "The legs," he said. "Strong legs. They're bird legs actually but she thought they were strong." Will Mitt Romney take the plunge again? On his large family: Near the conclusion of the interview, Romney was subjected to a memory test when the co-hosts asked him to name each of his grandchildren as a family picture was projected on a large screen in the studio. "I know my grandchildren," he said, before exchanging an awkward fist-bump with the show's hosts.
highlights: Former candidate Mitt Romney insists a 2016 presidential run isn't in the cards . Instead, he says former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush could be a "terrific president" Romney dishes on his favorite TV show, his grandchildren and his "best compliment"
id: 423b1321635ceea14969bc1069a9f01740c3f8d6
chatgpt: Former Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney has made it clear that he isn't planning to run for president again in 2016. Instead, he has thrown his support behind former Florida Governor Jeb Bush, saying that he believes Bush could be a "terrific president." Romney spoke about his reasons for supporting Bush during an interview with CNN's Jim Acosta, which aired on Friday. "I think Jeb Bush would be a terrific president," Romney said. "I've communicated that to him privately and I'm telling that to you publicly." Romney, who was the Republican nominee for president in 2012, had previously considered running again in 2016. However, he announced in January that he would not seek the nomination, saying that it was "time for someone else to take on the challenge." During the interview, Romney also spoke about his favorite TV show, his grandchildren, and the "best compliment" he ever received. He said that he enjoys watching "The Good Wife," a legal drama on CBS, and spending time with his 22 grandchildren. Romney, a devout Mormon, also spoke about his faith and how it has influenced his life. He said that his faith teaches him to love his fellow man, regardless of their political or religious beliefs. "I'm a believer, and I'm not ashamed to say so," Romney said. "I believe in a loving God who created us all, and who wants us to be happy and successful in this life." Romney's endorsement of Bush comes at a critical time in the 2016 presidential campaign. Bush, the son of former president George H.W. Bush and brother of former president George W. Bush, is considered one of the leading contenders for the Republican nomination. However, Bush has faced criticism from some members of the Republican Party who feel that he is too moderate on certain issues, such as immigration and education reform. Romney, a staunch conservative, could help to assuage those concerns and boost Bush's chances of winning the nomination. Despite his decision not to run for president in 2016, Romney has remained active in Republican politics. He has endorsed several candidates for office and campaigned for them across the country. In his interview with Acosta, Romney also spoke about his vision for the future of the United States. He said that he believes the country needs to focus on reducing debt and creating jobs, and that the government should have a smaller role in people's lives. "I think we need to have a smaller government that's more effective, that's not so involved in people's lives," Romney said. "I think we need to do a better job of giving people the tools they need to succeed, like education and job training." Overall, Romney's interview with Acosta provided a fascinating insight into the thoughts and beliefs of this prominent Republican figure. While he may not be running for president again in 2016, his endorsement of Jeb Bush could have a major impact on the outcome of the election.