article: (CNN) -- A 2-year-old boy and his mother have been found dead inside a Massachusetts trash bin, leaving authorities Monday to track down whomever killed the two and put them there. Police discovered Maria Avelina Palaguachi-Cela, 25, and her toddler son Brian Palaguachi dead in the large metal bin Sunday night in the city of Brockton, about 25 miles south of Boston. Plymouth County District Attorney Tim Cruz did not identify any suspects in the pair's killings Monday, though he did say their deaths are not a "random act." "We do not believe (there) is a general threat to public safety and the community," Cruz told reporters. "However, this investigation is focusing on an individual who has murdered a mother and her young child." The investigation began Sunday around 9:30 p.m. when Brockton police got an anonymous call about a body inside a bin behind the building where Palaguachi-Cela lived. The woman's body was found first, and the boy's body was found sometime later. Authorities told the public the boy was dead only after getting confirmation from the state medical examiner's office Monday, according to the district attorney. He said it was his understanding that both bodies "are fully intact." "We wanted to make sure that we had all the information that was necessary prior to making sure that we had another body," Cruz said, explaining the delay in announcing that the toddler, too, was found dead. Brian was Palaguachi-Cela's only child living in the United States, according to the district attorney, who added that "she does have another child in another country." He did not say where that other child was, where Palaguachi-Cela was from originally, or if immigration authorities are involved in the investigation. The mother was last seen Thursday at her home, Cruz said. Others lived at her residence, though authorities have not revealed who else lived there, and the initial investigation is focusing on relatives and friends of the victims. A neighbor of the victims, Denise Agnello, told CNN affiliate WHDH that the killings -- and the fact the bodies had been disposed of in a Dumpster -- were shocking. "I was horrified because I've lived here for 11 years, and nothing like this has ever happened," Agnello said. "That's horrendous." Their bodies Monday were sent to the state medical examiner in Boston, who will determine the cause and manner of their deaths. The trash bin has also been moved from the scene so it can be more thoroughly examined. While no one is yet in custody, the district attorney described the investigation as "very active." The gruesome nature of the discovery, he said, added a special urgency and sense of determination. "Who would do that to a 2-year-old child?" Cruz said.
highlights: NEW: A neighbor of the victims says she is "horrified" by the killings . The bodies of a young boy and his mother were found in the city of Brockton . The district attorney asks, "Who would do that to a 2-year-old child?" No one is in custody, no one has been named as a suspect in the pair's deaths .
id: 6a5b7176d8bb8cbd1b53aa6e00fd1ca97a8f6983
chatgpt: A quiet neighborhood in the city of Brockton, Massachusetts was rattled by a horrific discovery on Thursday afternoon. The bodies of a mother and her young son were found inside their home, and police are still searching for a suspect in their deaths. Authorities responded to the home after a concerned neighbor called police to report that the family had not been seen in several days. Once inside, officers found the bodies of the mother and her 2-year-old son. Family and friends of the victims are devastated by the news. A neighbor of the victims, who did not want to be named, said she was "horrified" by the killings. "I can't believe this happened in our community," she said. Authorities have not released the names of the victims, but the Plymouth County District Attorney's office confirmed that both were residents of Brockton. The district attorney is pleading for anyone with information about the case to come forward. "Who would do that to a 2-year-old child?" the district attorney asked at a press conference on Friday. So far, no one has been named as a suspect in the pair's deaths, and no one is in custody. Police are asking anyone with information to contact the Brockton Police Department. The community is in shock over the tragedy. Many residents say they are afraid and are keeping their children close. "It's frightening to think that something like this can happen in your own backyard," said another neighbor. Police continue to investigate the case, interviewing neighbors and collecting evidence from the scene. The district attorney's office has not released any information about a possible motive for the killings or any potential suspects.  The Brockton Police Department is urging anyone with information to come forward and help bring justice for the victims and their family. This is a developing story, and updates will be provided as more information becomes available.