article: Atletico Madrid advanced to the last 16 of the Copa del Rey despite drawing 2-2 with third-tier L'Hospitalet on Thursday night. Diego Simeone's side went into the tie as firm favourites after winning the first leg 3-0, but the visitors ensured their opponents were made to work for their place in the next round of the cup. Mario Mandzukic opened the scoring just 19 minutes into the first half after calmly slotting home when one-on-one with goalkeeper Carlos Craviotto. Atletico Madrid players celebrate after Mario Mandzukic scores against L'Hospitalet in the Copa del Rey . The former Bayern Munich forward opened the scoring 19 minutes into the first half in Madrid . L'Hospitalet players gather round to congratulate Ruben Alcaraz after he scored the first of his two goals . Mandzukic scores his second of the night - diving low to head in at the far post and restore his side's lead . Atletico Madrid (4-4-2): Oblak; Gamez, Gimenez, Perez, Hernandez; Mario Suarez, Rodriguez, Saul, Koke (Ramos 85'); Mandzukic (Keita 85'), Jimenez. Subs not used: Moya, Nacho, Garcia. Goals: Mandzukic 19', 74'. Booked: Rodriguez, Mandzukic. L'Hospitalet (4-5-1): Craviotto; Fernandez, Rodriguez, Peque (Coch 75'), Merchan; Carreras (Via 80'), Alcaraz, Bueno, Barrera, Canario (Ranera 61'), Mendez. Subs not used: Sanchez, Vivanacos. Goals: Alcaraz 68', 84'. Booked: Rodriguez. The Segunda B side briefly made it 1-1 on the night when Ruben Alcaraz's long-range effort was deflected over Jan Oblak's head. But Mandzukic added a second just six minutes later to restore the La Liga champions' lead. There was still time for one more twist, though, as Alcaraz equalised for a second time with a brilliant, swerving long-range effort. Remarkably, L'Hospitalet could have stolen a winner late on when substitute Syedou Keita almost directed a corner into his own net, but Slovenian keeper Oblak's quick reactions saved Simeone's blushes. Atletico will now face holders and rivals Real Madrid in the next round. Elsewhere, Elche advanced to the last 16 after beating 10-man Valladolid 1-0 in a scrappy affair at the Estadio Manuel Martinez Valero. Adrian scored the only goal of the tie in the seventh minute to give the hosts their first victory in any competition since the beginning of November and set up a tie with Catalan giants Barcelona. Alex Barrera celebrates after team-mate Alcaraz scores the visitors' second goal of the night . Young Atletico midfielder Saul attempts to escape the attention of the visiting players on Thursday night . L'Hospitalet midfielder Ruben Alcaraz slides in on compatriot Mario Suarez during the Copa del Rey clash . Atletico's Argentine manager Diego Simeone applauds his players during the cup tie on Thursday . Midfielder Ivan Peralta plays a pass while being closed down by L'Hospitalet forward Canario .
highlights: Atletico Madrid beat L'Hospitalet 3-0 in first leg of the Copa del Rey clash . Mario Mandzukic opened the scoring for them in the second leg . Ruben Alcaraz equalised for the visitors with a deflected long-range effort . Mandzukic scored his second soon after to restore the lead on the night . Alcaraz equalised again with a brilliant, swerving long-range effort .
id: 5f942f9c3337dbe0ab934dff5f2729328f23f3b5
chatgpt: Atletico Madrid secured a 3-0 victory over L'Hospitalet in the first leg of their Copa del Rey clash, and they seemed destined to cruise to victory in the second leg as well when Mario Mandzukic opened the scoring early in the game. However, Ruben Alcaraz had other ideas, and he produced a stunning deflected long-range effort to bring the visitors level. With the score tied at 1-1, Atletico knew they could not afford to let their opponents get a foothold in the match. Mandzukic once again stepped up to the plate, scoring his second of the night to restore the lead for the hosts. Despite Atletico's best efforts, however, Alcaraz had one more trick up his sleeve. This time, he unleashed a brilliant, swerving long-range drive that left Jan Oblak in the Atletico goal with no chance. Atletico will undoubtedly be disappointed to have surrendered the lead twice in the match, but they will take heart from the fact that they still came away with a win on the night. The result sees them progress to the next round of the Copa del Rey, where they will face another tough opponent. One of the standout performers for Atletico on the night was undoubtedly Mandzukic. The Croatian striker has been in fine form since he joined the club in the summer, and he once again showed his worth with his two goals. It wasn't just Mandzukic who impressed, however. Atletico as a whole played some excellent football, controlling the game for large parts of the match and creating numerous chances. L'Hospitalet, on the other hand, will feel hard done by to have lost the match. They put in a valiant effort and showed that they can compete with some of the best teams in Spain. For Atletico, the focus now turns to their next match, where they will hope to build on this victory and continue their push for silverware this season. With players like Mandzukic firing on all cylinders, there is no reason why they can't go all the way in the Copa del Rey and beyond.