article: By . Darren Boyle . Iran has slashed its nuclear stockpile by almost 75 percent the International Atomic Energy Committee has confirmed. The IAEA has spent the past six months investigating whether the Tehran regime has complied with its international obligations. In a report to the United Nations, the IAEA has confirmed that Iran halted aspects of its nuclear programme on January 20 opening the possibility of the easing of international sanctions. New Iranian President Hassan Rouhani (pictured) is seen as far more moderate than his predecessor . As a result of Iran's compliance with the international agreement it is now possible for Tehran to access foreign currency reserves frozen since the dispute arose. The IAEA confirmed that Iran has diluted half of its higher-grade enriched uranium reserve to a level that cannot be used to make a nuclear bomb. It is understood that over the past three months Iran has diluted 155kg of its higher-grade uranium gas - less than the 250kg necessary to build a bomb. As a result of Iran's compliance the United States' government has began moves to release $450 million of Iranian funds frozen since the crisis began. Western governments feared that former Iranian president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad (pictured) wanted his country to develop nuclear weapons. Here, Ahmadinejad is visiting the Natanz Uranium Enrichment facility in April 2008 . State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf said 'all sides have kept committments made' as a result of the agreement. Western diplomatic sources said that the election of Hassan Rouhani as Iranian president has enabled progress following years of strife while Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was in charge. Experts said that development means Iran has substantially less 20 percent enriched uranium that is required to build a nuclear warhead. Last year, Iran had almost 200kg of this material which was approaching the 250kg necessary to build a bomb. Western governments had feared that Iran wanted to develop its own nuclear deterrent bringing further instability to the Middle East .
highlights: Iran has reduced the amount of bomb-making uranium in its stockpile . International community preparing to ease sanctions in response . International Atomic Energy Committee confirms Iran's compliance with nuclear deal . Iran set to receive $450 million of funding seized over nuclear row .
id: 1738f6161b77ea9dbac1aadd2bfc93a35da09827
chatgpt: Iran has taken a significant step towards compliance with the nuclear deal by reducing the amount of bomb-making uranium in its stockpile. This breakthrough has led to increased preparations by the international community to ease sanctions on the Middle Eastern country.  The International Atomic Energy Committee has confirmed Iran's compliance with the terms of the nuclear agreement. This marks a significant achievement for the country's leadership, underscoring their firm commitment towards reducing tensions with the wider world.  The easing of sanctions against Iran is likely to be welcomed in Tehran. The country has been under significant economic pressure due to the sanctions, with levels of hardship among ordinary citizens rising as a result. The potential for an influx of desperately needed funding into the country is a potential lifeline for the wider population, and could help the country to face up to some of the major challenges it currently faces.  As part of the easing of sanctions, Iran is set to receive $450 million of funding which was previously frozen over the nuclear dispute. The funds will offer some immediate relief to the country and pave the way for further economic cooperation between Iran and the broader international community. This could lead to an improvement in the country's economic prospects and opportunities for its people.  The promise of sanctions relief is a significant change for Iran, which has been subject to intense international pressure over its nuclear activities in recent years. The country has worked hard to demonstrate its willingness to cooperate with the international community, whilst also insisting on its right to pursue its own interests unimpeded. This breakthrough is a sign that patience and diplomacy may be starting to pay off, and could help to usher in a new era of cooperation between Iran and the rest of the world.  The news of Iran's enhanced compliance with the terms of the nuclear agreement is likely to be cautiously welcomed by the wider international community. Whilst the easing of sanctions is a welcome development, many will remain cautious given the country's past behaviour. However, there is plenty of room for optimism and the possibility of a brighter future for Iran and its people.