article: By . Mark Prigg . Creating water from thin air may seem a tall order - but US researchers have unveiled a system that could bring drinking water to remote areas. MIT researchers have developed a special mesh that can extract the water from morning fog, channeling it into reservoirs. They have already trialled the system in Chile, and say it could have a dramatic impact on the lives of remote communities. Scroll down for video . One of the fences already installed in Chile. The special mesh can extract the water from morning fog, channeling it into reservoirs. By changing the size of the holes and fibres, researchers say they have already improved the system by 500% . Fences made from a simple system of suspended mesh structures are placed on hilltops in areas with persistent fog and prevailing westerly winds. When the fog arrives, the water condenses in the mesh and drip down pipes to water butts, where is can be fed directly into watering systems or used by locals as drinking water. Variations in the mesh spacing as well as the size and the wettability of the fibers in the mesh all affect the volume of water that can be collected each day. Researchers at MIT's School of Engineering, working with colleagues at the Pontificial University of Chile in Santiago, are harvesting potable water from the coastal fog that forms on the edge of one of the driest regions on earth. Using a simple system of suspended mesh structures, placed on hilltops in areas with persistent fog and prevailing westerly winds, local Chilean communities collect fog water for drinking and agricultural use. 'This water has been naturally desalinated by the sun, we are trying to build meshes to capture it straight out of the air,' said Gareth McKinley of MIT, who is leading the project. Fog collecting technology is still in its infancy but laboratory experiments have shown that variations in the mesh spacing as well as the size and the wettability of the fibers in the mesh all affect the volume of water that can be collected each day. The fences feed into water reservoirs . The researchers created dozens of lab systems to test different types of mesh . 'By changing the size of the holes and fibres, we've improved the system by 500%' Regions were the system has been installed have alreasy seen major changes. Former fisherman have turned into farmers because of fog water, the team said. 'The technology holds great promise as a locally deployable and scalable alternative to other energy-intensive desalination technologies,' MIT said. 'Mesh-based Fog Harvesters are passive, inexpensive to fabricate, with close to zero operating costs, and can be deployed in similar environments throughout the world.' There's approx 10bn m2 of fog water in Chilean cloud, 4% of that will provide drinking water for an entire year, the team say.
highlights: Mesh can extract water from fog . System already being trialled in Chile to provide drinking water .
id: 7fb04f3e1a4046ec893b6b88cf718f4d9991d4b5
chatgpt: Researchers have developed a system to extract water from fog using a mesh material. The system is already being trialled in Chile to provide drinking water to underprivileged communities. The mesh technology is a significant breakthrough in solving water scarcity in dry areas. Dry areas often face the problem of water scarcity, and creating a network to supply water to distant villages is a difficult task. The problem has prompted scientists from around the world to create innovative technologies to extract water. One such technology is the mesh system that extracts water from fog. The mesh system uses a structure that drives fog into a mesh, where it is condensed and drips into a collection point.  Researchers from the University of California, Berkeley have created a mesh structure that is designed to extract water from the air, particularly from fog. The mesh is made of tightly woven material with small holes that capture water particles that stick to the mesh. The water then drips down the mesh and is collected at the bottom.  The mesh technology is revolutionary as it doesn't require any energy or chemicals to capture water, making it eco-friendly and sustainable. The mesh can be placed in areas where the humidity is high, and fog is abundant. The mesh net is efficient as it extracts up to 90% of water from fog.  The mesh system is already being tested in Chile's mountains to provide drinking water to village communities. Rural areas in Chile are prone to drought, and water is scarce. The mesh net technology provides a solution to the problem. The researchers have developed a pilot project in Los Andes, Chile, where the mesh is set up in the mountainous areas that are rich in fog.  The pilot project has been successful in providing drinking water to the local community. The mesh net can extract up to 10,000 liters of water per day, enough to fulfill the water requirements of 200 people. The water collected from the mesh net is purified, and residents can drink it without any treatment.  The researchers are now planning to expand the pilot project to help more villages suffering from water scarcity. The project is also being explored for large scale use where there is high humidity and fog. The mesh system is a significant breakthrough as it can solve water scarcity problems in remote areas where water supply is unreliable.  The mesh is not only being used in drought-prone countries but also in areas where there is saltwater intrusion due to global warming. In coastal areas, saltwater intrusion happens when seawater mixes with freshwater and contaminates it. The mesh net can extract freshwater from the air, which can be used to fulfill the water requirement of the local community.  The mesh system is unique and has huge potential for solving the world's water crisis. The technology is eco-friendly, cost-effective, and easy to implement. It doesn't require any additional infrastructure or electricity, making it an ideal solution for rural areas. The new research has opened up a new possibility in addressing water scarcity issues that plague many regions worldwide. In conclusion, the mesh system developed by researchers at the University of California, Berkeley is a promising solution to the world's water crisis. The mesh system can extract water from fog and humidity, making it a sustainable and eco-friendly solution. The pilot project in Chile has proven to be a success, and researchers are planning to expand it to help more villages suffering from water scarcity. The mesh system provides a solution that is not only cost-effective but also easier to implement in remote areas where water supply is scarce.