article: A kindergarten teacher who had sex with a 16-year-old friend of her daughter's has been jailed for six years. Cynthia Lynn Herr was also told she will be on probation for nine years after she has completed her sentence and must surrender her teaching certificate. The 36-year-old wept in court Brooksville, Florida, after pleading guilty under a plea deal that spared her being jailed for up to 45 years. Cynthia Lynn Herr wept in court as she was sentenced to six years in prison for having sex with a boy, 16. She will also have to serve probation when she leaves prison and lost her teaching certificate. She is married and has two children. The victim was a friend of her daughter . The parents of her teen victim approved the six-year sentence. Herr admitted to taking the teen to a hotel last September where they had sex four times during the day. She told a co-worker at the JD Floyd K8 school in Spring Hill, Florida, where she worked about the sexual liaison. The co-worker tipped off school authorities and police launched an investigation. The teen, who was a friend of her daughter's, initially denied having sex but after police checked his Facebook and cell phone discovered messages of a sexual nature. The messages also appeared to talk about the sex they had together. The teen later admitted that they had sex at a Weeki Wachee hotel on August 24. He said they had sex in Herr's van in Pasco and Marion counties. According to an arrest report in September 2013, Herr told investigators she knew that what she did was wrong and that she probably would lose her family and job and go to jail. She also allegedly said she would be in trouble if authorities were to access her phone and Facebook account. After her arrest Herr, who is married with two children, was resigned from her job as a prekindergarten exceptional student education teacher. Herr was charged with four counts of unlawful sexual activity with a minor. She pleaded guilty to all four counts as part of the plea deal .
highlights: Cynthia Lynn Herr will serve nine years probation after she leaves prison . Herr is married with two children . The pair had sex on multiple occasions in a van and in hotels .
id: 891f99a6139d60134ed1f61a9a4e125176c9d913
chatgpt: Cynthia Lynn Herr, who was found guilty of having sex with a minor, will serve probation upon her release from prison. Herr, who is married to her husband with two children, had sexual relations with the minor on multiple occasions in a van and in various hotel rooms.  As per the court's judgement, she will serve nine years of probation. The case against Cynthia Lynn Herr was first brought to the attention of authorities when the minor's mother found sexually explicit text messages between the two. The police were immediately notified, and an investigation was launched. During the investigation, it was revealed that the pair had been engaging in sexual activity for quite some time. Under Texas law, it is illegal for an adult to have sexual relations with a minor under the ages of consent. The minor in this case was just 15 years old at the time of the incidents, while Herr was 37. This age difference, combined with the minor's lack of consent, led to Herr's arrest and eventual conviction. During Herr's trial, it was made clear that her actions had put the minor in danger and that she had taken advantage of him. The judge presiding over the case was severe in his sentencing, stating that there was no excuse for an adult to engage in sexual activities with a child, regardless of the circumstances. Despite concerns raised by her defence team, the judge ultimately decided to sentence her to prison time and probation. Herr's family has been devastated by this ordeal, and they have expressed their hope that she will be able to recover and move forward in a positive way once she is released. They have also praised the judge's decision to give her probation, believing that it will allow her to spend time with her family and work towards building a brighter future. Overall, this case serves as another reminder of the dangers of sexual exploitation and the severe consequences that can come from such behaviour. As more and more people become aware of these issues, it is hoped that we will be able to work towards a safer and more just society.