article: By . Sara Malm . Winnie Madikizela-Mandela has stepped into the reported family feud following the death of Nelson Mandela, saying that the oldest child will head the clan – not his oldest living male relative. The ex-wife of the human rights icon said Makaziwe Mandela, 60, the only living child from Mandela’s first marriage to Evelyn Mase, will take charge. It has previously been reported that Nelson Mandela’s oldest male heir, grandson Mandla Mandela, would take over as head of the family. Taking a stand: Winnie Madikizela-Mandela has said that oldest living child Makaziwe will become the head of the Mandela family - not the oldest male descendant, grandson Mandla . Ms Madikizela-Mandela denied that the . family is engaged in a ‘succession or dynasty’ battle, refuting claims . in media of a feud. ‘In . accordance with customary law and tradition the eldest daughter, being . Ms. Makaziwe Mandela, will head the family and will make decisions with . the support of her two sisters. 'To this end there is no . misunderstanding, or debate. Mr. Mandla Mandela is respected as one of . Nelson Mandela's grandchildren, the next generation of the Mandela . family,’ she said. The . Johannesburg tabloid The Times reported earlier this week that Mandela's . grandson Mandla had found himself locked out of the Mandela homestead . in the Eastern Cape hamlet of Qunu where Mandela was buried on Sunday. According . to the report, Mandela's eldest daughter, Makaziwe Mandela, had ordered . the locks changed after she arrived while Mandla was keeping vigil next . to his grandfather's coffin as the body lay in state at the Union . Buildings in Pretoria for three days. Right to inherit: Makaziwe is Nelson Mandela's oldest living child, whereas Mandla is the oldest grandchild . Ready for battle: Winnie  Madikizela-Mandela, left, and Mandla Mandela, right were separated by South African President Jacob Zuma at Mandela's funeral ceremony in Qunu on Sunday . Family feud: South African media has described a power battle within the family following the death of Nelson Mandela . Mandla also reportedly found his . home on the Mandela estate without electricity and water on the day of . his grandfather's burial. Mandla . Mandela declined to comment on the matter. 'He (Mandla) doesn't want to confirm . nor deny the report. He wants to focus on promoting and upholding the . legacy of his grandfather going forward,’his spokesman Freddy Pilusa said. Madikizela-Mandela, . in a statement issued on her behalf by her spokesman, Thato Mmereki, . lashed out at what she called ‘mischievous innuendos and newsroom slugs . designed to disgrace the family’ through ‘apartheid-style’ tactics. She said she is disappointed with the media's ‘interference in closed matters of the Mandela family.’ ‘These . reports have done nothing but use half-truths to cast a shadow on the . Mandela family during their time of bereavement,’ she asserted. Madikizela-Mandela . noted that three daughters survive Nelson Mandela: Makaziwe Mandela, . Zenani Dlamini-Mandela and Zindziswa Mandela.
highlights: Winnie Madikizela-Mandela has said oldest living child should head family . Makaziwe Mandela is Nelson's only surviving child from his first marriage . She spoke against oldest male grandchild Mandla Mandela taking charge .
id: 2f282d7a558b71615c9009cc8798babcfee43eb8
chatgpt: Winnie Madikizela-Mandela, the former wife of late South African President Nelson Mandela, has recently shared her views on the leadership of the Mandela family. According to the latest reports, Madikizela-Mandela has suggested that the oldest living child should head the family, an opinion that has sparked debate and controversy among members of the Mandela clan. Makaziwe Mandela, Nelson Mandela's only surviving child from his first marriage, has been identified as the top choice for the family leadership by Madikizela-Mandela. The former first lady spoke out against the oldest male grandchild Mandla Mandela, who had been placed in charge of the family affairs by his grandfather before he passed away. In recent years, the Mandela family has been split into several factions with a number of disagreements and legal battles related to property, legacy, and leadership. The situation escalated with the death of Nelson Mandela in 2013, and since then, the family has struggled to maintain a united front. Madikizela-Mandela's intervention is likely to further inflame the situation, as some members of the family have opposed her opinions on the leadership of the family. Nelson Mandela's grandson Mandla Mandela, who has been in charge of the family affairs, has not responded to Madikizela-Mandela's suggestion and has not made any public statement on the matter. The issue of leadership in the Mandela family has been a subject of discussion for several years, with Nelson Mandela himself making it clear that he wanted Mandla Mandela to succeed him. However, the former president's subsequent divorce and re-marriage complicated the matter, leading to disagreements and controversies over the years. The Mandela family has been divided into different factions, with some members claiming that Mandla Mandela has not been effective in managing the affairs of the family. Last year, a court in South Africa ordered that the remains of three Mandela family members, including Nelson Mandela's children, should be exhumed and returned to their original resting places, after it was found that Mandla Mandela had unlawfully removed them from a family graveyard and reinterred them in his own compound. With Madikizela-Mandela's latest intervention, the Mandela family's leadership crisis seems to have taken a new turn. Whether her suggestion will be accepted by the rest of the family or not remains to be seen.  Meanwhile, the world watches with great interest, as Nelson Mandela's name and legacy continue to inspire generations of people around the world. The leadership question in the family may not be settled anytime soon, but what remains clear is that the Mandela name will always be synonymous with freedom, equality, and justice.