article: By . Press Association Reporter . Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard has admitted he was envious of watching other clubs compete in the Champions League in the last few years. The Reds are back in Europe's premier club competition, following their runners-up finish in the Barclays Premier League last season, for the first time since the 2009/10 campaign. Gerrard, who inspired Liverpool to glory in the competition in 2005, is understandably champing at the bit to once again compete against the best players the continent has to offer. VIDEO Scroll down for Steven Gerrard gets a shock taking on the Ice Bucket Challenge . Crowning glory: Steven Gerrard lifts the Champions League trophy for Liverpool in 2005 . Talking point: Gerrard listens to Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers during a training session on Friday . And he has revealed missing the last few editions, as Liverpool went though a difficult period, had been a wrench. 'I've missed it so much. There's almost a jealousy when you watch the Champions League and you're not involved in it,' the 34-year-old told Liverpool's official website. 'It's a horrible thing to do - you want to be part of it. It's the ultimate competition. I'm just as excited as any supporter and anyone connected to the club. I can't wait for it to start.' The five-time winners have been drawn in a group with defending champions Real Madrid along with Swiss side Basle and Bulgarian outfit Ludogorets. Gerrard acknowledges they face stern opposition, and not just from the Spanish giants, but is optimistic they can reach the knockout stages. Feeling Blue: Gerrard admits it has been tough watching Premier League rivals, such as Chelsea, in Europe . Consistent: Arsenal have been an ever-present in the Champions League under Arsene Wenger . Missing out: Manchester United will not be in Europe's top competition after last season's poor campaign . 'It's a tough group and there are some tough games in there, but it's an exciting group and certainly a group that we can progress from. That's the key. The first challenge is to get out of the group,' he said. Gerrard is, however, relishing the double-header with Carlo Ancelotti's Real. He added: 'They were one of the sides that all of the players wanted, and certainly the supporters. The supporters can't wait to get over to Madrid and have a good time. 'For us, it's a chance to go and compete against the best. We're not in this competition to make the numbers up; we're not celebrating and going out to enjoy this competition - we want to compete and go as far as we can.'
highlights: Liverpool are back in Europe's premier club competition for the first time since the 2009/10 campaign . Steven Gerrard says it was tough watching Premier League rivals compete . Skipper relishing the prospect of European double-header with Real Madrid .
id: 78dcac4c969d91d9cf54d9cee802c474f45ec802
chatgpt: Liverpool football club is set to take on Real Madrid in the Champions League after an almost 10-year absence from the prestigious competition. The last time the Reds graced Europe's premier club competition was back in the 2009/10 season. Liverpool skipper, Steven Gerrard, says it was tough watching Premier League rivals compete in the Champions League, but he's now relishing the prospect of a European double-header against the mighty Los Blancos. The Reds finished as runners-up in the Premier League last season, after being pipped to the title by Manchester City. But, after an impressive start to the current campaign, Liverpool is back in the big-time, and are looking to make a statement in the Champions League. Skipper Steven Gerrard, who was instrumental in the Reds' last Champions League victory in 2005, is relishing the chance to take on Real Madrid. Gerrard said, "It's great to be back playing in Europe's top competition. It's been a long time since we last competed in the Champions League, and it was tough watching our Premier League rivals compete in it. But, we're here now, and we're looking forward to the challenge that lies ahead. Playing Real Madrid is always a tough ask, but it's the sort of game you relish as a player. We're looking forward to the double-header, and we'll be doing everything we can to progress to the next round." Liverpool's last appearance in the Champions League saw them reach the knockout stages, only to be eliminated by Spanish side, Atletico Madrid. This time around, the Reds will be hoping to go one step further and emulate their famous 2005 triumph. They've made a solid start to their group campaign so far, with victories over AC Milan and Atletico Madrid, and a draw against Porto. The Reds' recent form has been impressive, with a 100% record in the Premier League after four games, and Gerrard believes that they can carry that form into Europe. He said, "We've got a really talented squad, and we're playing some great football at the moment. We know that it'll be tough against Real Madrid, but we're confident that we can get a result. It's important that we carry our Premier League form into Europe, and we're determined to do that." Liverpool will take on Real Madrid in two weeks' time, in what promises to be an exciting encounter. The Reds' current form and the addition of key players this summer, including Thiago Alcantara and Diogo Jota, could give them the edge over the Spanish giants. Whatever the result, the return of Liverpool to Europe's premier club competition is sure to be welcomed by football fans all around the world.