article: (CNN) -- Texas Gov. Rick Perry added another high-powered lawyer to his team fighting a felony indictment against him, but this addition is just as much about sending a message than winning the case. Mark Fabiani has deep ties to the Democratic Party and is best known for his legal and crisis communication expertise. He guided President Bill Clinton in his White House years and also ran Al Gore's communications team during his presidential run in 2000. As Fabiani signed on, Perry's defense filed papers in Travis County District Court requesting the indictment be dismissed, arguing the charges are based on "unconstitutional" statute. Perry, a potential 2016 Republican presidential candidate, has been charged with coercion of a public servant and abuse of his official capacity. They involve his threat last year to veto funding for a program run by the district attorney in Austin, Rosemary Lehmberg. The Travis County Democrat had been charged with drunken driving and refused to resign. While Fabiani's ability to navigate crisis communications will be useful to the Republican politician, Perry's reputation is on the line as he is simultaneously laying the foundation for a possible second White House bid. Perry's team approached Fabiani about working on the case, and he accepted because "this case raises very significant First Amendment issues," he told CNN. His hire is another attempt to show that even Democrats think the charges against Perry are ridiculous. "I'm proud to join Governor Perry's outstanding team which has been assembled to fight back against this attack on the rule of law," Fabiani said in a statement. "I am confident this prosecution will be revealed to be contrary to the law and wholly meritless." Fabiani joined the who's who list of political legal defense. The Harvard-educated lawyer will be on the same team as Ben Ginsberg, a sharp departure from 14 years ago when the two were on opposite sides of the Florida presidential recount that sent George W. Bush to the White House. Ginsberg worked for Bush, and Fabiani for Gore, then the vice president. Leading Perry's defense is Tony Buzbee, a Texas trial lawyer whose bio is 25 paragraphs long and includes media references like this one: "The New York Times stated it best when it described Buzbee like this: 'Mr. Buzbee is a big, mean, ambitious, tenacious, fire-breathing Texas trial lawyer. Really big. Poster boy big.'" Perry has said he acted lawfully and indicated the charges were political. "I refer to Travis County as the blueberry in the tomato soup if you know what I mean," Perry said in New Hampshire Friday, referring to the liberal-leaning political views in the Austin area, compared to other parts of the reliably red state. A confident Rick Perry hits the road after indictment . CNN's Kevin Bohn and Ashley Killough contributed to this report .
highlights: Rick Perry has added Mark Fabiani to his high-powered legal team . Fabiani has deep ties to the Democratic Party, including the Clintons and Al Gore . Perry's lawyers filed papers requesting his indictment be dropped .
id: f937f0efebf8c818a289bd072b1b352bfb02152c
chatgpt: Former Texas Governor Rick Perry has added Mark Fabiani, a Democratic strategist with close ties to the Clinton family, to his legal team in his ongoing effort to clear his name. Perry aims to clear his name with regards to the indictment he is facing over charges of abuse of power during his time as governor. Fabiani has deep roots within the Democratic Party and is expected to assist Perry in his case. Mark Fabiani is best known for being a political strategist and media specialist. He has worked with several high-profile Democratic politicians including Al Gore and the Clintons. Fabiani’s wide-ranging experience in handling high-stakes political cases has made him the go-to guy for many politicians in the Democratic Party. Perry’s decision to bring in Fabiani onto his legal team is a clear indication of his determination to win the case. Rick Perry’s legal team recently filed papers requesting the indictment against him be dropped, citing several legal issues with the case. Perry has been accused of using his veto authority to remove a district attorney who refused to step down following a drunken driving incident. His legal team maintains that he has the constitutional authority to exercise his veto power in this manner. Mark Fabiani, in his new role, will be expected to bring his experience to bear in assessing Perry's legal options. The decision by Perry to bring in a Democratic strategist with strong ties to the Clinton family is seen by some as a shrewd move aimed at winning support from Democratic lawmakers. While many would view this issue as just another political battle, the stakes for Perry are quite high. A conviction could see Perry facing a maximum of 109 years in jail. The indictment against him was one of the highlights of the 2014 campaign season and Perry publicly denounced the charges as a political witch hunt aimed at undermining his political career. The addition of Mark Fabiani to Perry’s legal team has been met with both praise and criticism. While some Democrats have expressed admiration at Fabiani's willingness to go against the Democratic Party, others view the move as a betrayal. Some Republicans also appear to be uneasy with the hire, fearing the backlash it could generate within the party’s conservative base. It remains to be seen whether Perry’s legal strategy will succeed in exonerating him or not. Many legal analysts expect the case to be tied up in the courts for some time to come. However, the fact that Rick Perry has brought in one of the most experienced political strategists in America to assist in his case is an indication of his resolve to clear his name. Mark Fabiani has been described as a “master of political crisis management.” Perry’s perceived political crisis following his indictment could be said to be what has driven him to call upon Fabiani’s expertise. Whether or not he is successful in clearing his name, one thing is certain - Rick Perry has pulled out all the stops to ensure he has the best legal representation available.