article: Rio de Janeiro, Brazil (CNN) -- High above the beaches in Rio de Janeiro's hillside slums, you can get some of the best views in town. And now, they come from some of the cheapest rooms as well. With the World Cup less than four months away, residents in many once infamous favelas are opening their doors to tourists, renting beds, rooms or even entire houses, and building youth hostels. "If you want to see the World Cup, see some football matches and experience true Brazilian life you should really check this out," says Michael Blommers, a Dutch backpacker staying at a hostel in the Vidigal shantytown. Beds at hostels in Copacabana and Ipanema beaches, which usually go for around $40 a night, are expected to cost as much as $400 during the World Cup. Hotels are even more expensive, with many requiring multiple-night stays. But a bunk at Alto Vidigal Hostel will set guests back just $65 -- four times the usual price, but still a relative bargain. Of course, visitors staying in Rio's favelas will likely be confronted with more than just a modest room. Garbage in these areas often piles up along the roads, while electricity, water and sewage services are spotty at best. Transportation can be precarious. The biggest concern, though, is security. Just a few years ago, Rio's favelas were controlled by drug lords. Police have since stormed many of them, in a process dubbed "pacification," driving out armed gangs in an effort to make it relatively safe for residents and visitors. But they've had mixed results. Periodic gun battles continue in many favelas. Just last week, drug traffickers shot at police posts in Rocinha, one of the biggest shantytowns in Rio. Maria Clara dos Santos says she could hear the recent shootouts from her terrace. She rents rooms in her bright yellow house to foreign tourists and says safety depends on knowing where not to go and following rules. "Don't use drugs, don't bring girls home, keep it a nice environment," she says. A Los Angeles native, Elliot Rosenberg has launched a website with an eye on the World Cup allowing residents to rent out rooms to foreigners. With some 600,000 foreign fans expected over the course of the tournament, there could be plenty of demand. But Rosenberg believes that many of those looking for rooms will be attracted by more than just the about $50 price tags on many rooms. "They want more authentic, lively, meaningful experiences," he says. "They want to see the real Rio." And, of course, those great views don't hurt either. Curitiba stadium retains World Cup status .
highlights: Staying at a hostel could cost as much as $400 a night during the World Cup . About 600,000 foreign fans are expected during the tournament . Rooms in Rio's favelas could go for as little as $50 a night . Security in some favelas remains a concern .
id: 7f0a9c892df2e35a2250009cbd430df5299bccbc
chatgpt: As the World Cup fever grips Brazil, fans from all over the world are flocking to the country to catch the live action. And while the thrill of the matches is undeniable, the cost of staying in Brazil's cities during this period is staggering. According to reports by hostel booking websites, staying in hostels during the World Cup can cost as much as $400 a night. With about 600,000 foreign fans expected to arrive, many will be forced to pay exorbitant rates just to secure a place to stay. Thankfully, not all hope is lost. Some budget options are available, particularly in Rio's favelas. Rooms can be found for as little as $50 a night, providing some respite for those looking to save on their accommodation. However, concerns remain over security in some of these favela areas. Favelas have long been associated with crime and violence, with many tourists opting to stay away from them due to safety concerns. As such, those looking to stay in these cheaper accommodations should take extra care and precautions. Despite the risks involved, some tourists are undeterred, seeing it as an opportunity to get a more authentic experience of Brazil. Staying in the favelas can provide an insight into the culture and way of life of the locals, giving visitors a unique perspective of life in Brazil. The Brazilian government has been making efforts to improve security in these areas, with the introduction of the Pacifying Police Units (UPPs) in many favelas. These units are tasked with creating a permanent police presence in these areas to reduce crime and improve safety. Despite these efforts, some favelas remain high-risk areas, and tourists who choose to stay in these places should take extra care. It's important to keep valuables out of sight and not to wander around late at night. The World Cup is undoubtedly an exciting time in Brazil, with fans from all over the world coming together to celebrate the beautiful game. While the cost of accommodation may be high, there are still options available for those looking to save some money. With some careful planning and a bit of luck, visitors can experience all the excitement of the World Cup without breaking the bank.