article: (CNN) -- Syrian opposition forces may have executed as many as 30 people, most of them government soldiers, in rural Aleppo, according to the United Nations, which cited videos of the killings posted on the Internet in July. U.N High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay called the allegations "deeply shocking" and called Friday for an independent investigation into the incident, which appears to have taken place in Khan al-Assal in northern Syria. "There needs to be a thorough independent investigation to establish whether war crimes have been committed, and those responsible for such crimes should be brought to justice," Pillay said in a statement. The videos, posted to the Internet between July 22 and 26, show government soldiers being ordered to lie on the ground, bodies being collected by doctors, corpses strewn along a wall and bodies in Khan al-Assal bearing gunshot wounds to the head. Pillay's office also has information that Syrian rebels are still holding government officers and soldiers prisoner, the statement said. Reminding opposition forces that all captured or wounded soldiers must be treated in accordance with international law, Pillay said, "Opposition forces should not think they are immune from prosecution. They must adhere to their responsibilities under international law." The U.N. Independent International Commission of Inquiry on the Syrian Arab Republic has previously said both rebel groups and government forces and their affiliated militias are demonstrating "emerging patterns of summary execution and murder." News of the killings came as the Local Coordination Committees, an umbrella group for the opposition, said 19 of its loyalists had been killed, including two children. Most of the deaths came in Damascus, the LCC said. In a speech to government forces Thursday -- Army Foundation Day -- President Bashar al-Assad said he was confident the government would triumph over the opposition, according to the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency. ''Had we in Syria not been confident of victory, we would not have been able to remain steadfast and resist the aggression for over two years,'' the president said, according to SANA, . The U.N. human rights office also said Friday that investigators have been allowed to visit rebel-controlled Khan al-Assal as part of a separate investigation into the alleged use of chemical weapons. The rebels announced Friday they had written U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon, requesting an investigation and demanding "that any individuals found to be involved in the deployment of chemical weapons in Syria be held accountable for these crimes." According to the United Nations, more than 100,000 people have been killed since fighting began. Almost 2 million have fled the country, and 4 million more have been internally displaced. CNN's Eliott C. McLaughlin contributed to this report.
highlights: U.N. commissioner: Video shows rebels may have executed up to 30 people . Office says it has information rebels may still be holding soldiers, others hostage . Report comes as rebels urge U.N. to investigate use of chemical weapons . About 100,000 killed, 6 million displaced since fighting began, U.N. says .
id: 0ace52bb69c82fbb9ad2ece26bf45bde746dc713
chatgpt: The United Nations commissioner has reported that video footage may provide evidence indicating that rebel forces have executed up to 30 individuals in connection to the ongoing civil war in Syria. The United Nations Office for the High Commissioner for Human Rights received the footage earlier this week, and officials have expressed concern that rebel forces may still be holding soldiers and other individuals hostage. This latest report comes as Syrian rebel forces urge the United Nations to investigate the use of chemical weapons in war-torn Syria. The rebels claim that government forces have used toxic gas in recent attacks, leading to the deaths of civilians. The Syrian civil war has been ongoing since 2011 and has resulted in the deaths of approximately 100,000 individuals, while a staggering 6 million people have been displaced from their homes. International aid organizations have been struggling to provide basic necessities to those affected by the war, including food, water, and medical care. The United Nations has been attempting to broker a ceasefire in the region, but so far, all efforts have been unsuccessful. The conflict has become increasingly complex, with different factions fighting for control over various regions of Syria. The government forces, rebel factions, and ISIS have been the primary groups involved in the violence. The Syrian government has been accused of committing war crimes, including the use of chemical weapons, in order to maintain control over the country. The United Nations has been working to document these crimes in order to hold those responsible accountable for their actions. The latest report of executions carried out by rebel forces adds another layer of complexity to the already convoluted conflict. The United Nations has called for all parties involved in the conflict to adhere to international laws and cease all acts of violence against civilians. The situation in Syria remains dire, with millions of people displaced from their homes and in need of basic necessities. The international community must come together to provide aid and work towards a peaceful resolution to the conflict. The United Nations continues to play an important role in documenting the atrocities committed during the war and working towards holding those responsible accountable for their actions.