article: (CNN) -- Ramping up pressure on Honduras' interim government, the United States has revoked the visa of the beleaguered country's leader, a senior Honduran official told CNN en Espanol on Saturday. Roberto Micheletti and his supporters say Honduras underwent a constitutional transfer of power, not a coup. De facto President Roberto Micheletti and 14 supreme court judges had their visas revoked, said Honduran Foreign Minister Carlos Lopez. Lopez said he, too, lost his visa privileges. The U.S. State Department recently announced that it would pull the visas of members of Honduras' de facto regime. In recent weeks, the United States has stepped up its call for the current Honduran government to restore ousted President Jose Manuel Zelaya to power. Zelaya was seized by the Honduran military in his pajamas and sent into exile on June 28. On Wednesday, the board of the Millennium Challenge Corporation, a U.S. government agency, voted to cut $11 million in aid to the government in Honduras, senior State Department officials told CNN. Prior to the vote, the board had only suspended the aid, the State Department said. The Millennium Challenge Account is a program started under the Bush administration to reward good governance. The agency's cuts followed an announcement last week by the United States that it was terminating all nonhumanitarian aid to Honduras to pressure the interim government to end the political turmoil and accept the terms of an agreement known as the San Jose Accord. The accord calls for Zelaya's return to power. The political crisis stemmed from Zelaya's plan to hold a referendum that could have changed the constitution and allowed longer term limits. The country's congress had outlawed the vote and the supreme court had ruled it illegal. Micheletti and his supporters say that Zelaya's removal was a constitutional transfer of power and not a coup. The United Nations has condemned Zelaya's ouster and does not recognize Michiletti's government. While the United States has called Zelaya's ouster a coup, it has not formally designated it a "military coup," which, under U.S. law, would have triggered a cutoff of all non-humanitarian aid regardless. Senior State Department officials said the Obama administration was reluctant to make the formal designation in order to preserve its flexibility for a diplomatic solution. A presidential campaign in Honduras kicked off last week. However, the United States said it would not support the outcome of the elections unless Zelaya was restored to power. CNN en Espanol's Maria Elisa Callejas contributed to this report.
highlights: Honduran official: De facto president, 14 supreme court judges had visas revoked . U.S. State Department had announced it would pull visas of the regime . President Jose Manuel Zelaya was ousted on June 28 and sent into exile . U.N. has condemned the move and does not recognize de facto government .
id: 7e9eace93aee86a90347fd20bea470d1b6e4518b
chatgpt: In a significant move against the de facto government in Honduras, the United States State Department has revoked the visas of 14 supreme court judges and the self-proclaimed president. This decision has come as a blow to the de facto government that had been recognized by few countries. The announcement was made by a Honduran official, who revealed that the State Department had acted in retaliation for the ousting of President Jose Manuel Zelaya on the June 28, 2009. The official stated that the de facto government had been given a warning and a deadline to reinstate President Zelaya, but they had failed to meet the requirements. President Zelaya was sent into exile as a result of the coup, which was heavily criticized by the international community. The United Nations condemned the move and refused to recognize the de facto government. The U.S. government had also taken steps to oppose the coup, including sanctions and diplomatic efforts to end the political crisis.  The revocation of visas has been seen as a strong signal from the U.S. government that it will not tolerate undemocratic practices by any country with which it has diplomatic ties. The move follows a similar decision by the European Union to suspend aid to the Honduran government, including the cancellation of trade deals. The de facto government has responded with defiance, stating that it will continue to govern Honduras without recognition from the U.S. and other countries. The regime has also accused the U.S. government of interference in its affairs, stating that the move was politically motivated. Meanwhile, President Zelaya remains in exile, with little hope of returning to power until a new administration is elected. The political crisis in Honduras has severely damaged the country's economy and stability, with protests and violence continuing across the country. The U.S. government has called for an end to the political impasse, urging all parties to engage in dialogue to find a peaceful resolution to the crisis. The revocation of visas is seen as a strong message to the de facto government that the U.S. will not support undemocratic regimes. In conclusion, the revocation of visas by the U.S. government has sent a clear message to the de facto government in Honduras that it will not tolerate undemocratic practices. The move has been welcomed by the international community, which has called for a peaceful resolution to the political crisis in Honduras. However, the road to stability and democracy remains long and uncertain, as the country grapples with the aftermath of the coup and its consequences.