article: (CNN) -- A 44-year-old New Orleans man died in front of his two sons Wednesday after he responded to a woman's screams and was shot by an apparent carjacker, according to police and family members. Harry "Mike" Ainsworth was with his two sons, ages 9 and 10, as the boys were waiting for a morning school bus, Ainsworth's brother, Bill, told CNN affiliate WWL. The two boys saw their father try to help the female motorist in the Algiers Point neighborhood and, after their father was shot, the boys ran to him and sat with him until emergency responders showed up, Bill Ainsworth said. "They were there with him when he passed," Ainsworth said. "It's going to be hard on them." "Pray the cops find him before I do," he said about the carjacker, in an interview with CNN affiliate WDSU. The series of events began when a carjacker approached a woman motorist sitting in her vehicle, knocked on the window and asked for the time, New Orleans police said. As the woman turned to check the time, the carjacker pulled out a handgun and told the woman to get out of the automobile, police said. Ainsworth then jumped on the hood of the vehicle, and the carjacker shot him, left the car and ran, police said. Police released a sketch of the suspect and were offering a $5,000 reward to anonymous tipsters who can help detectives find a black man, in his 20s, between 5-6 and 5-8 in height, and weighing 140 to 150 pounds, detectives said. The woman was unharmed, New Orleans police spokesman Frank Robertson said. "When you have someone trying to come to the aid of someone who is in need and -- whenever something like this happens, it's a real tragedy," police Lt. Gary Marchese told WWL. Skip Gallagher, president of the Algiers Point Neighborhood Association, told WDSU that good Samaritans aren't unusual in the neighborhood. "I think any other male that had heard that in the neighborhood would have done the same thing," Gallagher said. "They heard some woman screaming, they would have come running. I would have, and every male in this neighborhood would have done the same thing, and we see what happens. "I'm not sure it's going to change my behavior." A fund has been established to help the Ainsworth family.
highlights: NEW: Harry "Mike" Ainsworth jumped on the hood of a car and was shot . He was running to help a woman in New Orleans . The good Samaritan's two sons, ages 9 and 10, sit with their father as he dies . The woman is unharmed, and police search for the gunman, an apparent carjacker .
id: 57f274558e523ca4e501cb4d9846ad6ec4a6820f
chatgpt: In a tragic turn of events, a heroic act by a good Samaritan has ended in his untimely death. Harry "Mike" Ainsworth, a resident of New Orleans, was shot after jumping on the hood of a car to help a woman who was being carjacked. According to witnesses, Ainsworth was driving by when he noticed a commotion on the street. He immediately pulled over and ran to the aid of a woman who was being attacked by a gunman. Ainsworth bravely jumped on the hood of the car, trying to stop the carjacker from getting away with the vehicle. Unfortunately, the gunman didn't hesitate to use deadly force. He fired a single shot, striking Ainsworth in the chest. Despite the best efforts of emergency personnel, Ainsworth died at the scene. His two sons, ages 9 and 10, were by his side as he passed away. The woman Ainsworth was trying to help escaped unharmed, thanks to his heroic actions. The police are currently searching for the gunman, who is believed to be a carjacker. They urge anyone with information on the incident to come forward. Ainsworth's death has left the community in shock and mourning. Family, friends, and strangers have expressed their condolences and gratitude for his selfless act. Ainsworth's brother, Tom, spoke to the media, saying, "Mike always had a heart for helping others. He gave his life trying to help someone in need. We're devastated by this loss." A vigil was held in Ainsworth's honor, celebrating his life and the bravery he displayed in his final moments. His sons also paid tribute to their father, saying, "We're proud of our dad. He was a hero, and we'll always remember how he gave his life to help someone else." The tragedy serves as a reminder of the dangers that exist in our communities and the importance of standing up for what's right. Ainsworth's sacrifice will not be forgotten, and his bravery will continue to inspire others to do the same.