article: For 12 months Erik Lamela could not hit a barn door with a banjo, but on Thursday the Argentine came up with a wonder goal to show why Tottenham shelled out £30million for his services. The 22-year-old scored a stunning 20-yard 'rabona' goal for Spurs in their Europea League tie against Asteras Tripolis, causing team-mate Ben Davies put his hands on his head in sheer amazement. Erik Lamela wraps his left foot around his right to score an outrageous 'rabona' goal . Former Tottenham striker Peter Crouch: Lamela’s goal for spurs is the ultimate showboat! WOW! Former Spurs midfielder Jermaine Jenas: That was a joke from Lamela. Crystal Palace defender Peter Ramage: Oh my god, oh my goooooooooood what have I just seen from Lamela? QPR defender Max Ehmer: Wow, Lamela! Tom Huddlestone ‏@Huddz8: Went for a p**s came back missed a goal and seen lamela has taken the p**s brilliant goal and confidence to try that . michael owen ‏@themichaelowen: My word. That Lamela goal was outrageous!!! Even former tennis star Annabel Croft was tweeting about it: . Annabel Croft ‏@Annabel_Croft: Extraordinary left foot cross over goal by Lamela . The only person who wasn't moved by the spectacular effort was manager Mauricio Pochettino, who showed no emotion as his coaching staff leapt to their feet. The Argentine manager has been credited with helping his fellow countryman rediscover his form following disappointing first season. Lamela arrived at White Hart Lane from Roma in August 2013, having scored 15 goals in Serie A the previous season. His arrival paved the way for Gareth Bale’s £86m departure to Real Madrid and inevitable comparisons were drawn between the pair. But while Bale excelled at the Bernabeu, winning the Champions League and the Copa del Rey in his first season, Lamela toiled in England. But Lamela has begun to show glimpses of his talent this season and he scored again in the 66th minute with a crisp first-time volley. Harry Kane went one better by scoring a hat-trick in a 5-1 victory. Lamela's effort stunned players and fans at White Hart Lane on Thursday night . Lamela's team-mate Ben Davies (no 33) could not believe what he had just seen... ... but manager Mauricio Pochettino (centre) was unmoved by the sensational strike .
highlights: Tottenham midfielder Lamela scored his side's second with a 'rabona' goal . The effort left team-mate Davies awestruck, but Pochettino was unmoved . The Argentinian manager has helped Lamela find form this season .
id: 80a400f90065851718eea79aaa21f67b2b7f1d7c
chatgpt: Tottenham midfielder Erik Lamela scored a stunning 'rabona' goal in the 2-2 draw against Arsenal in the North London derby on Sunday. The Argentine winger delicately wrapped his left foot around his right as he unleashed a curled shot into the bottom corner, leaving goalkeeper Bernd Leno with no chance. The goal quickly went viral on social media, with pundits and fans alike showing their admiration for the skillful finish. Even Lamela's teammate, Ben Davies, was left awestruck by what he had witnessed, describing the strike as "mind-blowing". However, the man who has perhaps played the biggest role in Lamela's recent success was unsurprisingly unmoved by the goal. Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino has been instrumental in helping the 27-year-old rediscover his form this season after a series of injuries and inconsistent displays in previous campaigns. Lamela has always been known for his technical ability and flair, but struggled to produce his best on a consistent basis. However, under Pochettino's guidance, he has become an important player for Spurs this season, popping up with vital goals and assists in big games. The 'rabona' goal was perhaps the perfect example of Lamela's newfound confidence and assurance on the ball. Rather than shying away from the opportunity, he embraced it and executed the technique to perfection. It wasn't just the goal that impressed though, as Lamela played his part in a feisty and entertaining derby that saw Tottenham come back from behind twice to earn a point. His energy and determination in midfield helped Spurs gain a foothold in the game, and his clever use of the ball caused problems for Arsenal's defense throughout. Despite the disappointment of not getting the win, Pochettino will be pleased with the character and resilience shown by his team, especially as they continue to adapt to their new stadium. With Lamela showing the kind of form that made him such a sought-after talent earlier in his career, there is a lot for Tottenham fans to be excited about going forward. Overall, Lamela's 'rabona' goal will go down as one of the highlights of the Premier League season so far, and it is a testament to the player's hard work and determination to overcome his injury woes and become a key player for his team once again. If he can continue to produce moments of magic like this, Tottenham will surely have a successful season.