article: Education Secretary Nicky Morgan who is said to have secured funding for 54 new free new schools to be announced this month . More than 50 new free schools are expected to be announced this month, paving the way for an unprecedented number of approvals over the coming year. Nicky Morgan is said to have secured funding for 54 new schools despite resistance from the Liberal Democrats and some civil servants. For the Education Secretary, who has been dubbed ‘Ms U-turn’, it would be seen as a commitment to continue the reforms of her predecessor, Michael Gove. Last night, there was speculation up to 150 new free schools could open this year if the Conservatives win in May. Together with the 4,400 academies that have already opted out of local government control, this would represent a significant shift away from traditional state education. Free schools were introduced in 2010 to allow parents and community groups to set up their own schools. They are independent from local authorities but must still undergo Ofsted inspections. The first 24 free schools opened in autumn 2011, with further approvals bringing the total to 331, catering for 175,000 children. Although funding is understood to have been approved by the Treasury for 54 new schools, fewer may appear on the final list. According to the Spectator magazine, schools are not only being allocated to areas with a shortage of places but also on the basis of demand from parents. Free school approvals are announced in waves three times a year. It would mean Mrs Morgan is staying true to the underlying the original notion that parents, not bureaucrats, should decide where schools open. She said in a recent interview: ‘I think when people set up free schools they do it because they are unhappy with the provision in areas, where there’s a need for more places.’ The opening of a new free schools would be seen as a commitment to continue the reforms of her predecessor, Michael Gove, pictured . Mr Gove’s reforms, which aimed to give more power to parents, have been resisted by teachers’ unions who feared it would impact on their members’ conditions. The Liberal Democrats this week issued a 13-page dossier called the ‘Gove Files’, describing how they resisted free schools and other reforms. Since taking over as Education Secretary, Mrs Morgan earned the nick-name ‘Mrs U-Turn’ after taking differing views to her predecessor on grammar schools and pupils punishment. A Department for Education spokesperson said: ‘The next wave of free schools will be announced in due course.’
highlights: Nicky Morgan is said to have secured funding for 54 new free schools . Comes amid speculation there will be 150 new school if Tories win election . Is seen as a commitment to continue reforms of predecessor Michael Gove . But Lib Dems and some civil servants are said to be critical of the plan .
id: 19867079971c0c9f3900dac54d9730ba032f7bf4
chatgpt: Education Secretary, Nicky Morgan, has reportedly secured funding for 54 new free schools. This move comes as the Conservative Party looks to win the upcoming general election, with speculation suggesting that there could be up to 150 new schools created if they are successful in their campaign.  Morgan's announcement has been praised by supporters of the Conservative Party, who see it as a commitment to continue the education reforms introduced by Michael Gove during his time as Education Secretary. Gove had pushed for the creation of more free schools, saying that they would give parents and students more choice in the education system. However, not everyone is convinced that the creation of more free schools is the best way forward for education in the UK. The Liberal Democrats and some civil servants have reportedly been critical of the plan. Some believe that the focus should be on investing in existing schools to improve their quality rather than creating new institutions. Despite the controversy surrounding the issue, the government remains committed to the idea of free schools. These schools are funded by the government but run by independent boards of governors. They are free from local authority control and have more flexibility than other types of schools when it comes to setting their own curriculum and hours. The government has pointed to the success of free schools in areas such as Bristol and Tower Hamlets, where they have helped to raise academic standards and provide a wider choice of education options for parents. Morgan's announcement of the funding for 54 new free schools has been met with a mixture of reactions from education experts and politicians. Some have praised the move as a demonstration of the government's commitment to improving education in the UK. Others have expressed concerns about the potential negative impact of creating more free schools. The debate around free schools and their effectiveness is likely to continue in the coming months and could become a key issue in the upcoming election. The Conservative Party has made education one of its main priorities for the campaign, and the creation of new free schools is likely to be a central part of its education platform. Regardless of the outcome of the election, it is clear that the issue of education and the role of free schools in the UK will continue to be a contentious issue. While some argue that they offer more choice and greater flexibility, others worry about the potential risks associated with creating new institutions and diverting resources away from existing ones. As the government moves forward with its plans for education reform, it will need to carefully consider these arguments and find a balance that meets the needs of all stakeholders in the education system.