article: Tom Cleverley has met Aston Villa assistant boss Roy Keane to discuss a potential move as Manchester United's midfield clear-out continues. As Shinji Kagawa flew to in Germany on Friday afternoon to put the finishing touches to an £8million return to Borussia Dortmund, Cleverley, for whom Villa have bid £7m and who interests Everton, Hull and Valencia, went south to Birmingham. Old Trafford legend Keane has stepped in to try and lure the 25-year-old, with the promise of regular first-team football at the Midlands club. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Shinji Kagawa get a soaking during Ice Bucket Challenge . What's around the corner? Tom Cleverley could be set for a move to Aston Villa before deadline day . Having a chat: Cleverley has met with Villa assistant Roy Keane (right, next to manager Paul Lambert) Keane knows all about leaving Manchester following his controversial departure midway through the 2004-05 season, but Cleverley is still to decide where his future lies. The preferred option for the midfielder is to head out on loan for the remainder of the season and then leave Louis van Gaal's side on a free next summer. Running down his contract and being able to move on a free would present the midfielder with the greatest array of options to move on after becoming a peripheral figure under the new manager. Everton are among Cleverley's preferred options, should he move, as he has experience of working under Roberto Martinez during his loan spell at Wigan during the 2010-11 season. Heading for the exit? Kagawa is poised to seal a deal with his former club Borussia Dortmund . German engineering: The Japan international was a huge hit during his time with the Bundesliga club . Kagawa, meanwhile, is close to reaching an agreement on a four-year deal at Dortmund as he flies over for a medical. One or two personal details still have to be ironed out but Kagawa is confident they would not prevent him returning to the Westfalenstadion. Jurgen Klopp repeatedly made it clear the Japan midfielder would be welcomed back with open arms, and the Dortmund boss will get his wish. Kagawa struggled to make his mark at Old Trafford after being signed by Sir Alex Ferguson in 2012 for £12m - plus £5m add-ons - and became even more marginalised under David Moyes last season. This is the end: The midfielder's days appear to be numbered at Old Trafford after management changes . Planning ahead: New United boss Louis van Gaal is insistent that he needs to revamp the beleaguered squad . Final goodbye? Kagawa's appearance against MK Dons was cut short after suffering a mild concussion . Like our dedicated Manchester United Facebook page.
highlights: Tom Cleverley's days are numbered at Old Trafford . Shinji Kagawa is heading to Germany for Borussia Dortmund medical . Louis van Gaal wants to chop some of the deadwood at United . Roy Keane has met Tom Cleverley ahead of transfer deadline day . Kagawa is confident personal details can soon be agreed . A four-year contract has been offered to the Japan international .
id: 62318a948963f152ca8d3ccab0e03657ee74aefe
chatgpt: Manchester United midfielder Tom Cleverley is said to be facing an uncertain future at Old Trafford. With new manager Louis van Gaal looking to shake up the squad, it seems that Cleverley could be one of the players who may be on his way out. Meanwhile, Shinji Kagawa appears to be edging ever closer to a move to Borussia Dortmund. The Japanese midfielder is reported to be on his way to Germany for a medical and is said to be confident that the personal details of his move can be agreed soon. It seems that van Gaal is keen to trim the squad and get rid of what he sees as 'deadwood' at the club. Cleverley, who has been a regular for United in recent seasons, may fall into this category. The midfielder has been linked with a move to Aston Villa, and it now seems that with Keane meeting with the player ahead of the transfer deadline, a deal could be reached soon. Meanwhile, Kagawa's future at United also seems uncertain, with the player having struggled to hold down a regular place in the team. The Japan international joined the club from Borussia Dortmund two years ago but has failed to make a real impact at Old Trafford. Despite this, it seems that Dortmund are keen to bring him back to Germany, with a four-year contract reportedly on the table for the player. Kagawa's medical is said to take place on Thursday, and if all goes well, the move could be completed by the end of the week. It remains to be seen whether Cleverley will also leave Old Trafford before the transfer deadline, but with van Gaal looking to make changes at the club, it seems that anything is possible. The midfielder has been criticized by some fans in recent seasons for his performances, and a move away from United could be what he needs to reignite his career. For Kagawa, the move to Dortmund could offer him a chance to rediscover the form that saw him shine in the Bundesliga before his move to United. With a four-year deal reportedly on the table, it seems that the German club see the 25-year-old as a key player for their future. Overall, it looks set to be a busy few days for both Manchester United and Borussia Dortmund, as the transfer window comes to a close. With Cleverley and Kagawa both potentially on the move, the landscape of the Premier League and Bundesliga could be set to change significantly.