article: Barack Obama gave David Cameron a pre-election endorsement last night, praising Britain’s economic performance. The two leaders sealed what was dubbed ‘the bro summit’ – after it emerged the US President refers to the Prime Minister privately as his ‘bro’ – with a display of unity at the White House. Suggesting Britain should stick to its economic course, Mr Obama said: ‘On the economy, I would note that Great Britain and the US are two economies that are standing out at a time when a lot of other countries are having problems. So we must be doing something right.’ Scroll down for video . Barack Obama gave David Cameron a pre-election endorsement,  praising Britain’s economic performance . The two leaders sealed what was dubbed ‘the bro summit’ with a display of unity at the White House . Mr Obama went out of his way to repay the favour Mr Cameron gave when he visited the US just months before the 2012 presidential election, including a visit to watch baseball in the swing state of Ohio. That visit angered some Conservative MPs, given that their party is traditionally allied with the Republicans. Yesterday, however, it appeared to have paid off as Mr Obama lavished praise on the Tory leader and the special relationship between the US and the UK. The two leaders struck agreements on a joint ‘cyber cell’ to counter the threat of cyber terrorism and on dispatching thousands more troops to join exercises in Eastern Europe – sending a message to Vladimir Putin. There will also be co-operation on efforts to deradicalise those ‘poisoned’ by Islamic fundamentalists. Mr Cameron weighed in to support Mr Obama in a contentious American political debate. He telephoned leading Republican senators to urge them not to press for new sanctions on Iran rather than continuing diplomatic efforts to persuade the country to abandon its nuclear programme. The Prime Minister said the US President was a ‘great friend to Britain and to me personally’. ‘In the last six years since you became President, and in the nearly five years I have been Prime Minister, we have faced some big issues on our watch,’ he declared. ‘Those challenges have boiled down to one word: security. Economic security – the jobs and living standards of our citizens. And national security – the ability of our peoples to live safe and secure.’ Mr Obama lavished praise on the Tory leader and the special relationship between the US and the UK . David Cameron and Barack Obama in the Oval Office yesterday where the leaders struck agreements on a joint ‘cyber cell’ to counter the threat of cyber terrorism . Mr Obama said: ‘Great Britain and the US are two economies that are standing out at a time when a lot of other countries are having problems'
highlights: Barack Obama gave Mr Cameron a pre-election endorsement last night . Leaders sealed ‘the bro summit’ with a display of unity at the White House . Mr Obama repaid Mr Cameron's favour when he visited US months before the 2012 presidential election .
id: 77be83736a17d789fd94238c6329d248232a2275
chatgpt: Former US President Barack Obama gave British Prime Minister David Cameron a pre-election endorsement during a meeting at the White House on Thursday night. The two leaders, who referred to themselves as "the bros," met to discuss a range of issues including cybersecurity and international trade, but it was their show of unity and mutual admiration that dominated headlines. The meeting, dubbed "the bro summit," was notable for the public display of camaraderie between the two leaders. In his endorsement of Cameron, Obama praised the prime minister's leadership and his handling of difficult economic times. "We've been shoulder to shoulder in good times and bad times, and I have always appreciated David's friendship and his leadership," Obama said at a press conference following the meeting. For his part, Cameron credited Obama with being a "great leader," and praised the former US president for his support during his 2015 re-election campaign. "Barack has been a good friend and a strong ally, and I am honored to have his support in this election," Cameron said. The endorsement was seen as a boon for Cameron, who is facing a tough re-election fight in the UK. It also served as a reminder of the close relationship between the US and the UK, and the importance of cooperation between the two countries on a range of issues. The meeting between Obama and Cameron marked the latest in a long line of interactions between the two leaders. During his time in office, Cameron regularly visited the US to meet with Obama and other American officials. In 2011, the two leaders famously played a game of ping-pong during a visit to a school in the UK, while in 2012 Obama returned the favor by visiting Cameron in the US months before the presidential election. The closeness of the relationship between the US and the UK was further emphasized during the meeting, with the two leaders discussing issues such as cybersecurity and energy security. The pair also discussed the ongoing refugee crisis in Europe and the importance of finding a coordinated response to the issue. Throughout the meeting, it was clear that Obama and Cameron were keen to emphasize the importance of continued cooperation between the US and the UK. At a time when many countries are turning inward, the two leaders made it clear that they believe in the importance of an open and cooperative international order. In a joint statement after the meeting, the two leaders said that they were "committed to addressing the shared challenges facing our two nations, and to working together to ensure that our people can prosper and thrive in a rapidly changing world." As the two leaders wrapped up their meeting, they seemed in high spirits, laughing and joking with one another. It was clear that despite the tough challenges facing their respective countries, Obama and Cameron still share a close personal bond. And with their public endorsement of one another, they made it clear that they believe in each other's leadership and vision for the future.