article: Olivier Giroud is set to make his long-awaited come back from injury in the crunch clash against Manchester United. And manager Arsene Wenger has designs on pairing the Frenchman with £15million striker Danny Welbeck to form a potentially prolific strikeforce in the not too distant future. Giroud has missed three month after sustaining a freak ankle injury in the 2-2 draw against Everton at the end of September. Arsenal striker Olivier Giroud has regained fitness and is in contention to face Manchester United on Saturday . That 2-2 draw with Everton back in August was the last time the France striker appeared in an Arsenal shirt . But, as Sportsmail revealed last week, the striker is set to be named in Arsenal's squad to face Louis van Gaal's men at the Emirates Stadium. 'He (Giroud) is three or four weeks ahead of schedule. Originally we planned to have him back for competition at the beginning of next year, so he is one month ahead. 'We relied on Welbeck, and on Alexis Sanchez as well, but we have Giroud back, we have Theo Walcott back. 'Slowly they will integrate into the team again and give us different options.' Giroud's return poses a selection dilemma for Wenger given he plays with a lone striker, theoretically meaning he could be forced to choose between Welbeck and Giroud on match days. The pair have trained with each other just twice due to Giroud's long-term injury. And Wenger is keen to analyse how the pair gel as a conventional strike pairing in training, feeling it is a tactic that could be benefit his side this season. Giroud returned to training ahead of schedule having suffered a serious leg fracture back in August . However, Welbeck is expected to start as the lone striker against the club he left on transfer deadline day, with Giroud on the bench. Wenger has also revealed Mathieu Debuchy (ankle) and Laurent Koscielny (achilles) will make their returns next month. 'Koscielny and Debuchy are doing well, they are out on the field [working] again. We have to see now,' said the Arsenal boss. 'Usually field work is three weeks away from full group training, then there is fitness. It looks straightforward for Debuchy. It's not inflammation, it's just repairing surgery. Mathieu Debuchy and Gunners team-mate Giroud watched the ATP World Tour Finals in London last week . Alexis Sanchez has been a shining light for the Gunners but Arsenal are only sixth in the Premier League . Laurent Koscielny, who has struggled with an achilles injury, has been a big miss for Arsenal . Jack Wilshere is keen to play deeper in the midfield for Arsenal, where he's been deployed for England .
highlights: Olivier Giroud has been out since August after suffering a leg fracture . The Arsenal striker was expected to be out until the new year at least . Arsene Wenger has relied heavily on Alexis Sanchez in Giroud's absence . Arsenal, sixth in the Premier League, face Manchester United on Saturday .
id: 6840866ad2bc7ed01a1b1570ced838c9b8992c9a
chatgpt: Arsenal's star striker Olivier Giroud has been out of action since August with a leg fracture. The Frenchman, who was expected to be sidelined until the new year, has been sorely missed by the Gunners. But despite Giroud's absence, the north London side have managed to stay competitive in the Premier League, currently sitting sixth in the table. Arsene Wenger has been forced to rely heavily on Alexis Sanchez in Giroud's absence. The Chilean has done an admirable job up front, scoring several key goals for his side. But with the busy festive period looming, Wenger will be eager to have a fully fit squad at his disposal. The good news for Arsenal fans is that Giroud is set to make his return to the squad in the coming weeks. The striker has been back in training for some time now, and Wenger has hinted that he could make an appearance in Arsenal's clash with Manchester United on Saturday. Despite Giroud's absence, Arsenal have continued to perform well in the Premier League. They've won four of their last six games, and will be hoping to continue that run of form against United. The Red Devils have struggled for consistency this season, and Arsenal will be keen to take advantage of that. Wenger will be hoping that Giroud's return will provide a much-needed boost to his side. The Frenchman is a proven goalscorer, and his physical presence up front can cause problems for any defence. With Sanchez likely to move back to his preferred position on the wing, Giroud's return could mean a tactical reshuffle for Arsenal. Looking ahead to the rest of the season, Giroud's return couldn't come at a better time for Arsenal. The Gunners will face a tough schedule over the coming weeks, including games against Liverpool and Chelsea. Having Giroud back in the squad will give Wenger more options up front, and could be the difference between success and failure this season. Giroud will be eager to get back on the pitch and prove his worth to the Arsenal faithful. The striker has been a key player for the Gunners since he arrived in 2012, and will be hoping to pick up where he left off before his injury. With Arsenal fighting on multiple fronts this season, Giroud's return could be the boost they need to achieve their targets.