article: (CNN) -- Dani Pedrosa repeated his 2012 success at a sweltering Sepang Sunday but his Honda teammate Marc Marquez took another big step towards the MotoGP world title by finishing a fine second. The 20-year-old Marquez won a thrilling battle with defending champion Jorge Lorenzo for Yamaha to increase his lead over his fellow Spaniard in the championship standings to 43 points. Marquez can wrap up the title next week at Philip Island in Australia, the first rookie to win the MotoGP premier crown in 35 years. He admitted that getting the better of Lorenzo, moving ahead for the final time halfway through the 20 lap race was satisfying. "It was a nice battle with Jorge. I enjoyed it a lot," Marquez told the official MotoGP website. "The target of this weekend was to finish in front of Jorge," he said, . It left Pedrosa to go unchallenged to the finish for this third win of the season and to close within 11 points of second placed Lorenzo in the title standings. He took command in 40 degree Celsius temperatures, taking the lead from polesitter Marquez early in the race. "It's a great feeling to be back... I came back strong," said Pedrosa, who suffered a crash in the last round in Spain after a coming together with Marquez. The incident earned Marquez a penalty point, his third of the season and a warning. Lorenzo's teammate, seven-time world champion Valentino Rossi of Italy, finished fourth followed by Spanish Honda rider Alvaro Bautista. Britain's rising star Cal Crutchlow, who started third on the grid, eventually finished sixth, just ahead of compatriot Bradley Smith. Malaysia is the 15th race of the 18 round season, with Australia next, followed by Japan and the final race in Valencia. Marquez is likely to be celebrating the title in front of his home fans in the finale after a remarkable debut season, replacing the retired Casey Stoner in the Repsol Honda line-up.
highlights: Dani Pedrosa wins Malaysian MotoGP in Sepang . Honda teammate Marc Marquez in second place . Marquez extends lead in title race over third placed Jorge Lorenzo . MotoGP legend Valentino Rossi in fourth .
id: 8d1767e791401cd3914f853878d585c2bd37c996
chatgpt: In a stunning display of speed and skill, Dani Pedrosa has emerged as the winner of the Malaysian MotoGP in Sepang. The Honda rider demonstrated his prowess on the track to secure first place, beating out his teammate Marc Marquez who came in second. With this victory, Pedrosa has solidified his position among the elite riders in the world of motorcycle racing. He put on a masterful display of riding in challenging conditions, which included heavy rain and slippery track surfaces. Nevertheless, the Spaniard stayed focused and steered his bike to victory. While Marquez placed second in the race, he was still able to extend his lead in the title race. With just a few more races left to go, Marquez seems to be well on his way to winning the championship. He currently sits 33 points ahead of third-placed rider Jorge Lorenzo. Speaking after the race, Marquez expressed his delight at the result, saying, "It was a tricky race, but I'm happy to finish in second place. Dani was just too good today, and he deserved the win." As for Lorenzo, the Yamaha rider had to settle for third place in a ferociously fought race. Despite his best efforts, Lorenzo was unable to break ahead of the dominant Honda duo of Pedrosa and Marquez. He will now have to work doubly hard in the remaining races to catch up to Marquez in the title race. Further down the field, MotoGP legend Valentino Rossi finished in fourth place. While the Italian rider missed out on a podium finish, he still put in a respectable performance. Rossi has been a dominant force in MotoGP for many years, and his consistent performances this season have shown that he is still a force to be reckoned with. Overall, the Malaysian MotoGP in Sepang was a thrilling race that kept fans on the edge of their seats. With just a few more races left to go, it is still anyone's guess who will come out on top in the title race. But one thing is for certain - this season has been full of surprises and excitement.