article: Mexico City (CNN) -- Products like Ruffles, Doritos and Cheetos may be among the latest targets of cartel violence in Mexico. Authorities said armed attackers over the weekend set ablaze warehouses and delivery trucks for Sabritas, a subsidiary of PepsiCo that distributes many of the company's snack foods in Mexico. Five of the company's distribution centers were attacked in the states of Guanajuato and Michoacan, officials said. Sabritas has not provided details about the damage, but Mexico's state-run Notimex agency said the attacks caused "serious material losses." No one was injured or killed, authorities said. On Monday, authorities arrested four suspects who they said were members of the Knights Templar, a cartel that officials have accused of extorting business owners, decapitating and dismembering kidnapping victims and setting vehicles ablaze to block roads during shootouts with police. The suspects in this month's attacks face charges of aggravated arson, but federal authorities are investigating them for connections with organized crime, Guanajuato state prosecutors said. To prevent further attacks, state authorities were guarding 10 of the company's warehouses on Tuesday in Michoacan, a Knights Templar stronghold, Notimex reported. Sabritas said it was working with authorities to investigate the attacks. "The company is taking all the necessary measure to re-establish the operation as soon as possible (in the affected distribution centers). Sabritas reiterates that its priority will always be the safety of all its collaborators," the company said Monday. Word of the attacks quickly spread in Mexico's business community, with the leader of at least one industry group saying seeing such a large company fall victim to violence could discourage others from investing in the country. Already, amid widespread threats and extortion, many companies are devoting an increasing portion of their budgets to security, Sergio Cervantes Rodiles, president of the National Chamber of Transformation Industries, told Notimex. The head of another national business group condemned the attacks Tuesday and called on authorities to punish the perpetrators. "The hurting or threatening of companies, which are the principal generators of wealth and jobs in Mexico, must not be allowed under any circumstances," Confederation of National Chambers of Commerce President Jorge Davila Flores said in a statement. Analysts have argued that Mexico's economy is thriving, despite widespread violence in a drug war that has claimed more than 47,500 lives since President Felipe Calderon began a crackdown on cartels in December 2006. Gun and bomb attack on hotel in Mexican border town wounds 10 . Speaking at a regional security conference in Cancun on Monday, Calderon said that organized crime was a threat to democracy and economic growth. "Organized crime is also a threat to growth and development, and an obstacle for prosperity. It attacks companies and businesses, big and small storekeepers, and with that infringes on the urgent need to generate jobs and employment for our people," he said. CNNMexico.com contributed to this report.
highlights: Attackers set ablaze Sabritas warehouses and delivery trucks . The company is a subsidiary of PepsiCo, distributing snack products in Mexico . Authorities arrest four suspects they say are members of the Knights Templar . Business leaders call for authorities to punish the perpetrators .
id: 71b231e5faaa405f67a7e82f561fe712c3a39dc7
chatgpt: PepsiCo subsidiary Sabritas is reeling after arsonists set fire to warehouses and delivery trucks in multiple locations across Mexico. The attacks on the snack distributor were carried out by members of the infamous Knights Templar gang, according to authorities, who have already arrested four suspects in connection to the incidents. Over the past few years, the Knights Templar has been responsible for a number of high-profile crimes, including extortion, kidnapping, and murder. Although the group has seen its power decline in recent years, they still hold a significant presence in parts of Mexico. The attack on Sabritas is the latest in a string of retaliations by the gang against major companies operating in Mexico. In a statement released after the attacks, Sabritas expressed concern for the safety of its employees and customers, and highlighted the damage to its distribution network. The arson attacks have sparked anger and calls for justice from business leaders across the country. Speaking to reporters, one CEO of a major corporation said, "We cannot tolerate this kind of violence against businesses in our country. We call on authorities to take strong action against these criminals and bring them to justice." The attacks have also raised concerns about the state of law enforcement in Mexico. Many are questioning how a gang like the Knights Templar could continue to operate and carry out such brazen attacks, despite government efforts to crack down on organized crime. In response to the attacks, Mexican President Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador has promised to increase his government's efforts to combat organized crime in the country. "We will not tolerate these criminal acts and will do everything in our power to bring those responsible to justice," Obrador said in a statement. "We will continue to work with law enforcement agencies to make Mexico a safe place for all." Despite the president's promises, however, many business leaders remain skeptical that the government will be able to effectively combat organized crime in Mexico. Many argue that corruption within law enforcement agencies and the justice system makes it difficult to bring criminals and gang members to justice. As Sabritas works to repair the damage caused by the attacks, many are left wondering what the future will hold for businesses operating in Mexico. With the Knights Templar and other gangs continuing to operate with relative impunity, it remains to be seen whether the country will be able to provide the kind of stability and security businesses need to thrive.