article: Cairo (CNN) -- Civil rights lawyers demanded the death penalty for former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak on Monday, joining prosecutor's calls for him to be executed. "We merged our voice with the prosecutor's closing arguments from last week's hearing and demanded the death sentence to Mubarak, his former interior minister Habib El Adly, and four of his aides for killing hundreds of protesters and injuring thousands more," attorney Khalid Abu Bakr told CNN. "We have proof Mubarak is directly responsible for the killings along with El Adly and his aides." Abu Bakr said Mubarak deserved to die for violating Egypt's criminal law 77. "His negligence and actions led to endangering the national security of the country," he said. The attorney also provided the court with a list of alleged suspects he wants indicted, including police officers he said where caught on camera firing their weapons on protesters. Another lawyer, Sameh Ashour, said he provided evidence to the court "of communication between security forces that prove the presence of snipers on rooftop buildings during the revolution." The judge, Ahmed Refaat, has set aside Monday and Tuesday to hear from at least 10 civil rights lawyers. The defense is expected to make its closing arguments later in the week. "The judge will then decide on a day to announce the final verdict," said Adel Saeed, the official spokesman of the General Prosecutor's office. "If he is fast, we may see a verdict before January 25th" -- the day the Egyptian uprising began last year. Last week, the Russian foreign ministry issued a statement, expressing its "deep concern" over the prosecutor's request for a death sentence to Mubarak and calling on Egypt to consider Mubarak's old age and poor health. Germany and France also issued statements of "concern." Mubarak is accused of corruption and ordering protesters killed during the country's uprising last year. He has denied the charges. Two of Mubarak's sons are also on trial on a variety of charges. The sons, Gamal and Alaa, have pleaded not guilty. Lawyers familiar with the case said it is unlikely Mubarak and his fellow defendants will receive the death penalty. This is in part because of the difficulty in proving the president ordered the killings, the lawyers said. Analysts agreed that while some Egyptians might welcome a death sentence for Mubarak, particularly at a time of heightened tension as the anniversary of the uprising approaches, he is more likely to receive a prison term. Many Egyptians have criticized the court proceedings and some worry that Mubarak may be acquitted of the murder charges. Five police officers accused of killing protesters already have been acquitted. Amnesty International had estimated more than 840 protesters were killed and 6,000 injured. Saeed, the prosecutor's spokesman, said the prosecutor's estimate of 225 deaths and more than 1,300 injured is lower "because there has been a differentiation between those killed outside police stations while attacking the precinct and those shot while protesting."
highlights: NEW: "His negligence and actions" endangered national security, Bakr says . Lawyer says he provided evidence to court about sniper presence on rooftops . Attorney says Mubarak is "directly responsible" for killings . The former Egyptian president denies the charges against him .
id: 4237c9aa6a1348aaaeebb30c9a3bf3882c424c96
chatgpt: Former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak is once again in the headlines as his trial for the killing of protestors during the 2011 uprising continues. The most recent development in the trial comes from the lawyer representing the families of those killed, who is accusing Mubarak of endangering national security. In a statement to the press, lawyer Khaled Abu Bakr claimed that Mubarak’s “negligence and actions” directly led to the deaths of hundreds of people during the protests. Bakr also alleged that he provided evidence to the court that proves the presence of snipers on rooftops during the protests, further implicating Mubarak in the killings. According to Bakr, Mubarak is “directly responsible” for the deaths of protestors, as the former president was in a position of power to prevent the killings but failed to do so. Bakr’s allegations add to the already long list of charges against Mubarak, which include corruption and abuse of power. Mubarak has denied all charges against him. The trial against Mubarak has been ongoing since 2011 and has been fraught with delays and legal maneuvers from both Mubarak’s defense team and the prosecution. The trial has also been a source of controversy in Egypt, as many feel that the former president is being given a lenient sentence for his alleged crimes. Despite the controversy surrounding the trial, many Egyptians remain hopeful that justice will be served for the victims of the 2011 uprising. The trial has been closely watched by the international community as well, with many human rights organizations calling for Mubarak to be held accountable for his actions. The accusations of endangering national security are particularly serious, as they paint Mubarak as a threat to his own country. However, without concrete evidence to back up these claims, they may be difficult to prove in court. Despite the challenges facing the prosecution, many Egyptians remain adamant that justice must be served for the victims of the 2011 uprising. The trial against Mubarak is seen as a test of Egypt’s commitment to human rights and democracy, and the outcome of the trial will undoubtedly have a major impact on the country’s future. As the trial continues, the world will be watching to see if justice is truly served for the victims of the 2011 uprising. While Mubarak’s defense team may argue that their client is innocent, the evidence presented in court so far suggests otherwise. The trial is expected to continue for several more months, and the verdict will likely have far-reaching consequences for Egypt and the international community as a whole.