article: By . John Drayton . David Silva attempted to put Spain's early elimination from the 2014 World Cup out of his mind as he relaxed on a beach of the sunshine isle of Ibiza. After winning the last three consecutive major tournaments, Spain's domination of world football came to an end when a 5-1 humiliation by Holland and 2-0 loss to Chile dumped them out of the tournament with just two games played. The Manchester City playmaker was spotted seeking solace at a beach bar on the island where he appeared relaxed with friends - including a bevy of beautiful ladies. Scroll down for video... Take a break: Spain playmaker David Silva takes time out on a beach in Ibiza with a female friend . Moving on: Manchester City star appeared relaxed as he put Spain's World Cup exit behind him . Life's a beach: David Silva is used to island life after growing up in Gran Canaria, Canary Islands . Despite changes needed to be made to Spain's side, former Barcelona manager Pep Guardiola has no doubts that under-fire manager Vincente Del Bosque should remain in his job. 'Del Bosque is the best . coach Spain could have and I hope he stays, because he is the right man . to make the changes the team needs,' said the Bayern Munich manager. 'Spain made me very sad,' he added. 'Football . owes these players so much as they have done so much for the sport, . which means they deserved to be able to compete in the final stages.' Early shower: Spain were eliminated from the World Cup after losing to Holland and Chile . End of an era: Spain's early exit was unexpected after they had won the last three major tournaments . VIDEO Spain bow out on high .
highlights: Defending champions Spain were eliminated at World Cup group stages . David Silva put disappointment to one side with holiday in Ibiza . Manchester City star looked relaxed with friends on the beach .
id: 5d1d1ca2cf2d63f48f56be2d4ed6f0d5e447611f
chatgpt: Spain, the defending champions of the World Cup, were dealt a crushing blow at the group stages of the tournament. In a dramatic turn of events, the team was eliminated from the competition, leaving fans and players alike devastated. However, it seems that one member of the squad has found a way to put the disappointment behind him. David Silva, a star player for Manchester City, has been spotted enjoying a well-deserved holiday in the beautiful island of Ibiza. Despite the disappointment of his team's early exit, the midfielder appeared to be in good spirits as he soaked up the sun with his friends. Silva, who has been an instrumental player for both Manchester City and the Spanish national team, looked relaxed and carefree as he played football on the beach and swam in the crystal-clear waters. Dressed in a black swimsuit and black cap, the midfielder seemed to be enjoying the downtime after what has undoubtedly been a stressful few weeks. Silva's performance during the World Cup was one of the highlights of the Spanish team's campaign. Despite the team's poor results, the midfielder put in some impressive displays and was a constant threat to the opposition's defense. Known for his creative play and ability to dictate the pace of the game, Silva was undoubtedly one of the standout players for Spain. After his holiday in Ibiza, Silva will no doubt return to his club knowing that there's plenty of work to be done in the upcoming season. Manchester City will be hoping that the midfielder can replicate his impressive form in the Premier League and help the team to achieve even more success. As for Spain, the country will undoubtedly be disappointed with their early exit from the World Cup. However, with players like Silva in their squad, there's every chance that the team can bounce back stronger and better prepared for the next major tournament. For now, though, it seems that David Silva is content to relax and recuperate after what was undoubtedly a grueling few weeks.