article: Both Nike and adidas have ensured their players are kitted out with brand new boots ahead of the first round of Champions League group stage matches this week. Barcelona star Lionel Messi will be wearing the new adidas adizero F50s as his side take on Cypriot champions APOEL Nicosia at the Nou Camp on Wednesday. Adidas unveiled the new 'Messi UEFA Champions League Boot' on Tuesday to pay homage to the Argentine star's record breaking success in Europe's elite competition. The likes of Wayne Rooney, Neymar and Zlatan Ibrahimovic will be wearing Nike's new range . Lionel Messi will play against APOEL Nicosia in the new adizero F50s . Lionel Messi poses with his new adidas adizero F50s boots ahead of Barcelona's match with APOEL Nicosia . The Barcelona star set up two goals for Neymar in his side's 2-0 home win against Athletic Bilbao . The Brazilian star looks set to start against APOEL at the Nou Camp on Wednesday . Elsewhere, Nike have produced a new boot collection for the likes of Wayne Rooney, Neymar and Zlatan Ibrahimovic. Nike have also released the new range just in time for the first week of the Champions League as the world's best players prepare to do battle. Long gone are the days of players just wearing black boots as fans will be able to spot Neymar and Rooney in bright orange as well as Ibrahimovic in the 'Neo-Turquoise' Mercurial Superfly. Neymar wanted the Nike Hypervenoms to 'enhance' his agility and give the star more time on the ball . Ahead of the creation of Nike's Hypervenom boot, Neymar was sure to tell the company exactly what he wanted. According to Nike, the Barcelona star asked: 'Help me make space more often and more quickly. I want a boot that helps enhance my agility and gives me the space to get my shot off before I’m closed down.' Barcelona due Neymar and Messi (right) will hope their new boots bring them luck against APOEL . Nike have unveiled a new collection of boots ahead of the 2014/15 Champions League group stages . PSG striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic will wear the Nike Superfly boots against Ajax on Wednesday .
highlights: Lionel Messi will wear new adidas adizero F50 boots against APOEL Nicosia . Nike have unveiled new collection of boots ahead of Champions League group stages . Wayne Rooney and Neymar will wear the Nike Hypervenoms . Zlatan Ibrahimovic kitted out with Nike Superfly boots .
id: a1630d4ab121b545c9139444a3162d1bea7ec15b
chatgpt: Football fans around the world are eagerly awaiting the start of the UEFA Champions League group stages, which kicks off on Tuesday evening. There are some exciting games ahead, including the match between Barcelona and APOEL Nicosia. However, one of the biggest talking points is the new boots that some of the world's top players will be wearing. Lionel Messi, for example, has grabbed headlines by announcing that he will be sporting the latest adidas adizero F50 boots. The Argentine superstar has been a long-time partner of adidas, and the new boots are designed to help him perform at his best on the field. Messi has a history of scoring incredible goals in important matches, and his fans will be hoping that the new boots will help him continue to do so. Meanwhile, Nike has also been making waves with its latest collection of boots. Wayne Rooney and Neymar, two of the biggest stars in world football, are set to wear the Nike Hypervenom boots during the Champions League group stages. The boots have been specifically designed to provide players with maximum agility and speed, which is sure to suit the playing styles of Rooney and Neymar. Another superstar who will be wearing Nike boots is Zlatan Ibrahimovic. The Swedish striker is known for his acrobatic goals and technical ability, and he will be sporting the Nike Superfly boots during the group stages. These boots are designed to give players maximum control over the ball, which is perfect for a player like Ibrahimovic who likes to take risks and push boundaries. Overall, these new boots are sure to be a hit with football fans around the world. Each pair has been carefully designed to help players perform at their best, with a range of features that are tailored to individual playing styles. Whether you're a Messi fan or a Neymar supporter, there's a pair of boots out there that is perfect for you. Of course, boots are just one part of the puzzle when it comes to achieving success on the football field. Players need to work hard, constantly push themselves, and be willing to take risks if they want to make an impact. But with these new boots, they will at least have the best possible tools at their disposal. We can't wait to see what Messi, Rooney, Neymar, and Ibrahimovic will do in the Champions League group stages, and we're sure that millions of football fans around the world are eagerly anticipating the start of the tournament.