article: Diego Maradona has risked the wrath of the Argentine public after claiming national star Lionel Messi does not deserve to win his fifth Ballon d'Or this year. The Barcelona forward is on the shortlist of three along with last year's winner Cristiano Ronaldo, but Maradona believes Manuel Neuer should take the trophy. The German goalkeeper won the World Cup in Brazil last summer, with Maradona claiming the other two candidates 'took a break'. Manuel Neuer should win the Ballon d'Or this year, according to Argentina legend Diego Maradona . Diego Maradona may not be too popular in his home country after opting against siding with Lionel Messi . 'Neither Messi nor Ronaldo are my choice; my candidate is Neuer who did more to merit the award,' Maradona, who scored 31 goals for Argentina, told television programme De Zurda on a recent visit to Cuba. 'I think Ronaldo and Messi took a break,' Portuguese winger Ronaldo is the favourite for the award after scoring 62 goals for club and country in 2014, also scoring in the Champions League final win against Atletico Madrid in Lisbon. Despite trailing his rival by only four goals last year Messi has been accused of suffering with a dip in form at Barcelona, as the Catalan giants struggled for success. Meanwhile, Neuer has gone from strength to strength with Bayern Munich and his national team, impressing with his shot-stopping and sweeper-keeper style. Cristiano Ronaldo is the favourite after scoring 62 goals in 2014, including one in the Champions League final . Neuer lifted the World Cup and impressed in the tournament in Brazil last summer with Germany .
highlights: Manuel Neuer impressed in goal as Germany won the World Cup last year . Diego Maradona believes 28-year-old deserves to be crowned with title . Says Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo 'took a break' in 2014 . Pair scored 120 goals combined last year for club and country .
id: 508e2a47c2e4db4b5fbe4920bb908e6f07cd5460
chatgpt: Last year, Manuel Neuer was the man between the sticks as Germany lifted the World Cup in Brazil. And now, Diego Maradona has voiced his support for the Bayern Munich goalkeeper to be crowned as the world's best. Despite being a goalkeeper, Neuer's performances during the World Cup were nothing short of stunning. His ability to sweep up and play as a sweeper-keeper was widely lauded, as he helped Germany keep a clean sheet in the final against Argentina. Maradona, who led Argentina to World Cup glory in 1986, believes that Neuer was the best player in the tournament. Speaking to reporters, he said: "For me, the best player of the World Cup was Neuer. He played like a goalkeeper, defender and midfielder. He deserves the Ballon d'Or." The Ballon d'Or is the award given to the world's best player, voted for by journalists, national team coaches and captains. The award has been dominated by Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo in recent years, but Maradona believes that 2014 was the year for Neuer. "Messi and Ronaldo took a break in 2014. They didn't show up in the World Cup," added Maradona. "Neuer did, and he deserves recognition for that." While Neuer may not have scored as many goals as Messi and Ronaldo, the Barcelona and Real Madrid superstars respectively, there is little doubt that the 28-year-old is the best goalkeeper in the world. He kept 20 clean sheets in the Bundesliga last season, and also helped Bayern Munich win the German Cup. If he does win the Ballon d'Or, Neuer will become the first goalkeeper to do so since Lev Yashin in 1963. But with Messi and Ronaldo in the running as well, it remains to be seen whether the German keeper will be crowned as the world's best.