article: (CNN) -- A man pleaded guilty Monday to killing a Virginia Tech graduate student at a restaurant in January, attacking her with a knife and decapitating her, according to officials. Haiyang Zhu, 26, pleaded guilty to first-degree murder in connection with the death of Xin Yang, a graduate student studying accounting at Virginia Tech, officials said. Xin, 22, from Beijing, China, had begun her studies at Virginia Tech only two weeks before she was killed at the Au Bon Pain restaurant in the university's Graduate Life Center on January 21, school officials said. School spokesman Larry Hincker told CNN in January the two were believed to have known each other, based on emergency contact records maintained by the university, but witnesses saw no sign of an argument before Xin was attacked. Haiyang, a native of Ningbo, China, was taken into custody at the scene. He had written a love letter to Xin, but she told him she was engaged to another man, Montgomery County commonwealth's attorney Bradley Finch told CNN. Haiyang purchased the knife used to kill Xin the morning of her death and attempted to call her 12 times, with the first call coming just after he bought the knife, Finch said. "He completely severed her head," Finch said. Xin also had severe knife wounds to her hands and arms, he said. In a writing titled "Will," Haiyang said he had expressed love for Xin and that she broke his heart when she said she was engaged to someone else, Finch said. Haiyang said the rejection was too cruel and that Xin's fiance could not compare to him in education and background, and she should have seen he would be the best husband for her. Haiyang was a graduate student pursuing a doctorate in agricultural and applied economics. Hincker said he began studying at Virginia Tech in the fall of 2008. Haiyang is scheduled to be sentenced in April, according to court records. Xin's slaying was the first on the Virginia Tech campus since April 16, 2007, when Seung-Hui Cho killed 32 students and professors before turning a gun on himself. CNN's Carolina Sanchez contributed to this report.
highlights: Haiyang Zhu pleads guilty to first-degree murder in the death of Xin Yang . Xin was attacked with a knife and decapitated at a restaurant in January . They were believed to have known each other, but there was no sign of an argument . Slaying was the first on the Virginia Tech campus since the 2007 shootings .
id: 1a4cf9e66cf130d5fcf19b37d245a1d4b029324b
chatgpt: On Thursday, Haiyang Zhu pleaded guilty to first-degree murder in the killing of Xin Yang. Yang was attacked with a knife and decapitated at a Blacksburg restaurant in January. According to reports, Yang and Zhu were believed to have known each other, but there was no sign of an argument between the two. The slaying of Yang was shocking and tragic, and it was the first on the Virginia Tech campus since the 2007 shootings. The campus has struggled to come to terms with the violent incident, which has left many wondering how such a horrific crime could happen in their community. The police were called to the scene of the killing on the evening of January 21. When they arrived, they found Yang's body with multiple stab wounds and her head had been severed. Zhu was quickly identified as a suspect, and he was arrested within hours of the crime. Zhu has been in custody since his arrest, and he has now admitted to the crime. In exchange for his guilty plea, prosecutors have agreed not to seek the death penalty. The sentencing hearing is scheduled for October 18, and Zhu faces life in prison without parole. The news of the guilty plea has brought some closure for Yang's family, who have been devastated by her death. They have struggled to understand why Zhu would commit such a horrific crime, and they say that they will never be able to forget the pain of her loss. The Virginia Tech community has also been deeply affected by the slaying. The university has offered support to students and staff, and counseling services have been made available to anyone who needs them. The incident has raised questions about campus safety and security, and some have called for stricter measures to be put in place to prevent similar incidents from happening in the future. Overall, the guilty plea from Haiyang Zhu brings some amount of closure to a tragic and unsettling event. But the effects of the slaying will be felt for a long time to come as the Virginia Tech community continues to grapple with the loss of Xin Yang.