article: (CNN) -- Union workers for San Francisco's transit system ended their four-day strike and returned to work Friday, even though contract negotiations aren't over. Bay Area Rapid Transit spokesman Rick Rice said things were running smoothly since service resumed at 3 p.m. (6 p.m. ET). "We pretty much have a normal number of cars on the track at this point," he said. After negotiations between BART and the unions ended late Thursday, workers returned at 12:01 a.m. Friday and worked through the night and morning to have trains running by 3 p.m., he said. "People are glad to be going back to work, and I know the riders are thrilled to be able to have the trains running," said Josie Mooney, a spokeswoman for Local 1021 of the Service Employees International Union, one of the two largest union representing the striking workers. The two sides had three days of negotiations over new contracts, wrangling over the issues of pay and benefits, before deciding Thursday night to allow another 30 days to reach a deal and resume BART service in the meantime. The talks will pick up again next week. About 400,000 people use the service daily. With no trains running, BART ran limited charter bus service to accommodate commuters. BART riders said Friday they were relieved the service was back on line. "I want to also make sure that the BART workers get their fair share too," rider Tracey Roth told CNN affiliate KGO. "I want to recognize their struggle in it, but also know that it's been tough for everyone." Commuter Eric Westland told the station he got chills when he learned the trains would be running again. "The newspaper this morning said it was still on strike, and when I saw the thing in the bus booth that said trains (would be) running at 3, I got goosebumps," he said. Unions asked for a 21% pay increase. BART initially offered to increase salaries by 4% over four years, but later proposed an 8% increase; that was on top of a 1% increase scheduled to go into effect at the start of the week. Mooney said part of the problem was that contract negotiations began much later than normal. That didn't allow the two sides a lot of time to reach a deal before the union contract expired June 30. The extension agreed to Thursday expires at midnight on August 4, she said. "We hope that we will be able to use the next 30 days to come to a fair and equitable contract for the workers," Mooney said. "Yesterday was spent primarily on extending the (union) contract in order that we have more time to deal with what are extremely complicated issues." BART is the nation's fifth-largest train system in the United States, with 44 stations in 26 cities that make up the Bay Area, according to the transit authority. It handles more than 40% of Bay Area commuters, according to CNN affiliate KPIX.
highlights: NEW: BART says service is now running smoothly . Union workers went back to work after a four-day strike . The two sides failed to reach a deal after three days of talks . They decided to extend talks by 30 days and resume service in the meantime .
id: 755b0041de53add59fbf09161285ce685f200be1
chatgpt: After a tumultuous four-day strike, the Bay Area Rapid Transit (BART) system has finally resumed service, much to the relief of its riders. According to BART officials, service is now running smoothly, with all trains operating on their usual schedules. The strike began on Monday, when the union workers who operate BART's trains and stations walked off the job after failed contract negotiations with BART management. For the next four days, commuters across the Bay Area faced long lines, gridlocked highways, and over-packed buses as they searched for alternative transportation options. Despite three days of intense negotiations, the two sides were unable to reach an agreement on several key issues, including wages, healthcare, and retirement benefits. In a last-ditch effort to prevent a prolonged strike, however, they decided to extend talks by another 30 days and resume service in the meantime. The decision to return to work has been met with mixed reactions from both commuters and union workers. While many riders are relieved to have their daily commutes back to normal, some are still wary of the possibility of another strike if the two sides are unable to come to a compromise. Union workers, on the other hand, have expressed both disappointment and optimism about the situation. Some have criticized BART management for what they perceive as an unwillingness to negotiate in good faith, while others remain hopeful that the extended talks will result in a fair and satisfactory contract for all. Regardless of the outcome of the negotiations, however, the strike has highlighted the importance of BART in the daily lives of Bay Area residents. As one commuter put it, "I realized just how much I rely on BART to get around. Without it, my life was completely disrupted." The strike has also raised questions about the future of public transit in the Bay Area. With the region's population continuing to grow and traffic congestion worsening every year, many are calling for greater investment in public transportation infrastructure and services. At the same time, however, the strike has exposed the challenges of managing a large public transit system like BART. Balancing the needs and demands of riders, workers, and management is a delicate task that requires careful negotiation and compromise. As negotiations continue over the next 30 days, both the union workers and BART management will need to take a hard look at their priorities and goals. While the strike may have caused inconvenience and frustration for many Bay Area residents, it has also provided an opportunity for reflection and discussion about the future of public transit in the region.