article: Virgin Atlantic is scrapping its Little Red domestic service next year – just two years after it was launched. The British airline said on Monday that Little Red’s short-haul flights between London Heathrow and Manchester, Edinburgh and Aberdeen will end because the subsidiary was not making a ‘positive contribution’ to the company. The Crawley-based carrier, co-owned by Sir Richard Branson and Delta Air Lines, said the decision followed a review of its network which has put a new emphasis on its transatlantic routes. Sir Richard Branson flashed his underpants when Little Red's inaugural flight arrived in Edinburgh in 2013 . Little Red will stop flying between London Heathrow and Manchester in March while its flights between Heathrow and Edinburgh and Aberdeen will stop in September. It was set up to act as a feeder to Virgin’s transatlantic and international routes, but the airline said it did not provide enough traffic. Virgin Atlantic chief executive Craig Kreeger blamed the subsidiary’s demise on the ‘inadequate’ number of runway slots made available by regulators. He said: ‘While this challenged environment meant Little Red ultimately did not deliver the results we had hoped, this certainly will not dampen our enthusiasm to try new things in the future.’ The airline also announced that it is on track to make a profit by the end of 2014 after two years of losses. Grounded: Little Red will stop flying between London and Manchester, Edinburgh and Aberdeen next year . Little Red launched in March 2013 after Virgin acquired Heathrow runway slots that became available after arch rival British Airways’ acquisition of short-haul carrier bmi. It operates single-class flights with Airbus A320 aircraft wet leased from Aer Lingus . Mr Branson famously lifted his kilt and flashed his underpants when the inaugural flight arrived in Edinburgh from London that month. Monday’s announcement comes less than a week after Willie Walsh, chief executive of British Airways’ parent company International Airlines Group, reignited his feud with Mr Branson. Mr Walsh called Little Red a ‘mistake’ and told the Telegraph that he is ‘delighted’ that the domestic airline is struggling to fill its flights.
highlights: Little Red operates between London and Manchester, Edinburgh, Aberdeen . Crawley-based carrier said subsidiary failed to make a 'positive contribution' Final flight will take place in September of 2015, airline says .
id: 07528aac4da5e25396c13c9cb89d37465cdd7fa6
chatgpt: Crawley-based airline Little Red, operating between London and a number of Scottish cities, has announced that it will be shutting down after its parent company, Virgin Atlantic, revealed that the service had failed to make a “positive contribution” to the group’s financial performances.
 
The airline had been operating for two years, launching in March of 2013, but despite bringing in over a million passengers since then, its performance was hampered by a number of factors, including poor ticket sales and rising costs.  Little Red operated with four aircraft between London Heathrow, Manchester, Edinburgh, and Aberdeen airports but was unable to compete with other airlines on the same routes it serviced. The airline’s decision to terminate services was primarily influenced by the increased competition from rivals such as British Airways and EasyJet, who have a strong hold over the UK air travel market.  "We’ve noted for a while that Little Red has faced stiff competition from other airlines," a Virgin Atlantic spokesperson disclosed yesterday. "The low demands and competitors' low prices had been unyielding, ultimately causing Little Red to end up being unsustainable. Our employees have worked tirelessly to provide a great service but given the circumstances, it is impossible to continue this venture". However, the move has been met with widespread disappointment, with many of the passengers who had enjoyed Little Red’s services expressing their discontent at the news, complaining that the airline’s closure would result in increased ticket prices caused by limited choices, especially for those commuting between the cities. Employee representatives at Little Red have also expressed disappointment and are hopeful that affected staff will be offered potential redeployment opportunities within the Virgin Group’s family of companies.   Little Red’s last flight is set to take place on September 26, 2015. Virgin Atlantic has announced that it will try and accommodate as many passengers as it can on alternative services with Virgin Atlantic and its joint venture partner, Delta Air Lines. "We are doing as much as possible to support affected customers and staff during this difficult time", the spokesperson added. The move comes just as the competition in the UK airline market is intensifying. Meanwhile, Virgin's market share in the London-Scotland flights decreased as competition from British Airways and EasyJet increased. The future of London's aviation also remains under scrutiny, with Heathrow and Gatwick integrating multiple carrier models, leading to potential global transport hubs replacing existing single-airline models.