article: (CNN) -- In his latest book, "Truth Be Told: Off the Record about Favorite Guests, Memorable Moments, Funniest Jokes, and a Half Century of Asking Questions,"Larry King takes a revealing, entertaining and heartfelt look back at over 50 years of interviewing guests -- including the greatest gets and the ones that got away. King hosted "Larry King Live" on CNN for 25 years. He now anchors specials on the network several times a year and is gearing up to start his stand-up comedy tour soon. CNN.com asked Larry King what he misses most about doing a nightly show. "Doing it when a major event occurs," King said. "When Osama bin Laden gets shot, you want to get in and do the show. Or Japan, or Gadhafi." What doesn't King miss? "I don't miss the tabloid elements. I don't miss Paris Hilton. Some people have an interest in that stuff, and I did a professional job when I did it. For example, I had no interest in the royals. I do miss major stuff." As for the ones that got away, King said his wish list consisted of "Bruce Springsteen, Fidel Castro, the pope, Dean Martin ... not many. I would have loved to have interviewed Harry Truman when I was in radio." Which historical figures would he have liked to interview? "There would be a proviso: Do they know what's happened since they've been gone? If they did, I would interview Lincoln, and ask him what he thinks of the civil rights movement and how far black equality has come since the Civil War. "I would interview Christ and ask him what he makes of Baptists, Protestants and Catholics since he died a Jew. I'd have to take him to a synagogue, which would be the only place he'd relate to. "I'd also ask Hitler about the state of Europe today, particularly the state of Germany. But Lincoln would be first; and then, of course, God."  What was the most outrageous thing one of  King's one of his guests ever did on air? "Mel Brooks told a story of how Jews die: they die singing. Then he sang a song in which he jumped on the table and screamed the end of the song 'Dancing in the Dark' and then collapsed into the chair. Circling back to King's latest book, we asked him what he learned about himself during the writing process. "I learned that this too shall pass," King told CNN.com. "And that I have resilience and that there is life after your life. There is an afterlife without dying, and it's better than dying."
highlights: Larry King ended his nightly CNN show last December . In "Truth Be Told," King talks about memorable guests and best moments of his career . Interviews that got away: Bruce Springsteen, Fidel Castro, the pope, Dean Martin . Larry King will soon embark on a comedy tour .
id: 58efc79eb4e9048c366b1f75687549fc8f7b26ff
chatgpt: Last December, television viewers bid farewell to a show that had been a mainstay on cable news for more than two decades. Larry King, the long-time host of his eponymous CNN show, stepped down from the anchor chair after 25 years. Now, in his new book "Truth Be Told," King looks back on those years and reveals some of the most memorable moments and guests that he had over the years. In the book, King takes readers on a journey through the highs and lows of his career, recalling the most emotional moments he experienced on air. He also shares insights into his personal life, and candidly talks about how he dealt with some of the most challenging times in his life. One of the most interesting parts of "Truth Be Told" is when King reveals the interviews that slipped away. His list includes some of the biggest names in politics, celebrity, and music - from Bruce Springsteen to Fidel Castro to the Pope. Despite his connections and influence, there were some high-profile figures King was never able to get in front of his microphone. Despite the missed opportunities, King's show was a huge success. Over the years, he interviewed a who's who of public figures, including every US president since Richard Nixon. He also interviewed many of the biggest names in entertainment, from Lady Gaga to Robert De Niro to Prince. Despite his success in broadcasting, King has long held a love for comedy. He always dreamed of performing stand-up comedy and, now in his 80s, he's set to embark on a national tour as a comedian. He's been doing more and more stand-up gigs in recent years, and audiences have been surprised at just how funny the veteran broadcaster is. King has had an incredibly successful career, but he is quick to point out that there were plenty of low points, too. In his book, he talks about his failed marriages, the falling out he had with CNN, and the struggles he's experienced in his personal life. He writes candidly and with great humor about all of these events, painting a picture of a man who has weathered many storms but hasn't lost his sense of humor or his love of life. "Truth Be Told" is a fascinating look at one of the most iconic broadcasters of our time. It's a revealing and honest account of King's life and career, and a must-read for anyone who has followed his career over the years. As he embarks on his new career as a comedian, it's a fitting tribute to a man who has entertained and enlightened millions of people over the course of his remarkable career.