article: A wife-killing double rapist has been caught begging and claiming to be homeless, despite being given a free council flat after his release from prison. Stuart Durkin, branded a 'beast' by a judge, begs on the streets of London even though he lives in a £400,000 taxpayer-funded flat and claims benefits. Durkin lives in trendy St John's Wood, north London, and claims £70 incapacity benefit a week, raking in £25,480 over the last seven years after breaking his hip in 2008. Wife-killing double rapist Stuart Durkin begs on the streets of London and claims to be homeless despite living in a taxpayer-funded £400,000 flat in north London . He was caught pestering people for change outside a Tesco near Paddington Station, telling the Sun on Sunday that he was made homeless when his girlfriend left him. He said: 'I've got a sofa to stay on sometimes but I need money for food. I can't get any benefits.' However, back at his one-bedroom flat, which could be rented privately for up to £1,500 a month, Durkin admitted he had a roof over his head in an area where around 4,400 families are waiting for social housing. The 53-year-old, originally from Leeds, still complained: 'It's a wreck. There was a flood two years ago and the council still hasn't redecorated.' Durkin was jailed in 1984 for the manslaughter of his Swedish wife, receiving a six-year sentence. But he was back in the UK by 1988, when he was jailed for 12 years for breaking into a bedsit and raping a woman. Durkin, 53, lives in a flat in this building in St John's Wood, north London, but still claims he is homeless . Durkin, pictured poking his head out of his window, was jailed for the manslaughter of his wife in the 1980s and went on to rape two other women . After serving half of his sentence, Durkin was released and he moved to Rome, where he became known as 'The King' among fellow beggars. He was jailed once again for the rape and attempted murder of a German tourist to the Italian city, but was extradited to the UK in 2004 to serve the remainder of his sentence. Durkin was freed in 2007, when he was given the free council flat. The serial criminal was back in court again in 2012 after having sex with unsuspecting women at the Occupy London camp at Finsbury Park, north London. He was jailed for 24 weeks after admitting failing to comply with sex offender notification requirements. At the Old Bailey sentencing, Recorder Nigel Peters QC said: 'What's clear is that you are someone who has a history of violent offences and sexual offences and are clearly somebody who is considered at the highest risk end of involvement in offences involving sexual matters and violence.'
highlights: Stuart Durkin begs and claims to be homeless but lives in free council flat . He killed his Swedish wife in the 1980s and raped two other women . Durkin was given taxpayer-funded flat on his release from prison in 2007 . £400,000 one-bedroom property is in trendy St John's Wood, north London . Rapist has claimed more than £25,000 in benefits since leaving jail .
id: 6002b17a4ff816aa8eb883ecf1805d0df7554a6f
chatgpt: A man who claimed to be homeless and begged on the streets of London has been exposed as living in a free council flat worth £400,000. Not only that, but Stuart Durkin has also been revealed as a convicted killer and rapist who has claimed more than £25,000 in benefits since his release from prison in 2007. Durkin was jailed for the murder of his Swedish wife in the 1980s, but he was released on parole after serving his sentence. Despite his horrific crime, he was given a taxpayer-funded one-bedroom flat in trendy St John's Wood, north London, upon his release. The revelation that Durkin was living in a free council flat comes just days after it was discovered he had been begging on the streets of the capital. The Daily Mail reported that he had begged outside a tube station dressed in rags and claiming to be homeless, despite living in the expensive flat. Durkin's criminal history is equally disturbing. In addition to murdering his wife, he has also been convicted of raping two other women. Despite his history of violence against women, he was given a flat in a desirable part of the city. The case has sparked outrage among taxpayers who are footing the bill for Durkin's accommodation and benefits. Many are calling for a review of the system that allows convicted criminals to receive such generous benefits and housing support. The revelation has also raised questions about the effectiveness of the criminal justice system in dealing with offenders like Durkin. Critics argue that he should not have been released from prison in the first place, given the severity of his crimes. In response to the controversy, a spokesperson for the council stated that Durkin's flat had been allocated based on his housing needs and that they were unaware of his criminal history at the time. However, the revelation that he has been claiming benefits since his release from prison has raised concerns about the thoroughness of the vetting process for those receiving housing support. The case of Stuart Durkin serves as a stark reminder of the failings in the criminal justice and social welfare systems. It is clear that more needs to be done to prevent convicted criminals from receiving such generous support and to ensure that taxpayer funds are spent on those in genuine need.