article: (CNN)  -- English Premier League stars have been warned about making controversial comments on Twitter and through other social media. The English Football Association (FA) outlined its policy Sunday, ruling that tweets, blogs and entries on Facebook were in the public domain and that players should exercise caution. The FA's stance follows its decision to fine former Liverpool forward Ryan Babel in January for comments made about referee Howard Webb on Twitter, where he posted a mock-up picture of the official in a Manchester United shirt. Arsenal's Jack Wilshere also nearly landed in hot water after complaining of "inconsistent refereeing" as his side threw away a four-goal lead at Newcastle last weekend. Has Rooney joined football's immortals? The FA made it clear it would not tolerate such comments in a statement on its official website Sunday: . "The FA has issued clarification to participants relating to the use of social networking sites, including, but not limited to Twitter, Facebook and internet blogs," it read. "Any comments which are deemed improper, bring the game into disrepute, or are threatening, abusive, indecent or insulting may lead to disciplinary action." Players were also warned that while they believed their postings may be limited to a small number of people, they might still end up with a wider audience. "Consequently, care should be exercised with regards to the contents of such postings," added the statement. "In addition, we would remind participants that social networking postings could also lead to civil proceedings being brought by affected parties." An increasing number of star footballers have Twitter accounts including England captain Rio Ferdinand and Aston Villa's Darren Bent, an international teammate. Bent famously used his Twitter blog to criticize Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy when his move to previous club Sunderland was delayed, using strong language to show his frustration.
highlights: English FA warn star players about statements made on Twitter and through social media . FA say such comments in public domain and could lead to disciplinary action . Liverpool's Ryan Babel first Premier League player to be sanctioned for a tweet .
id: f63390ac62beb28703de9698a46cf02685f9679d
chatgpt: The English Football Association (FA) has issued a stern warning to star players about statements made on Twitter and other forms of social media. According to the FA, such comments in the public domain could lead to disciplinary action. The move comes after Liverpool's Ryan Babel became the first Premier League player to be sanctioned for a tweet in 2011. Babel, who had been frustrated with a referee's decision during a match, had tweeted a photo of the referee wearing a Manchester United shirt. Babel was fined £10,000 by the FA for his actions. The FA is now reminding all players that they are ambassadors for the sport and need to be mindful of what they post online. The organization has stated that it will take action against players who breach its social media guidelines. The FA's social media guidelines state that players should not post any comments that are "abusive, insulting, or threatening," or contain "racist, homophobic or sexist references." The guidelines also warn players not to engage in any behavior that could damage the reputation of the sport. The FA's Chief Executive, Martin Glenn, has emphasized the need for players to be responsible when using social media. He stated, "Footballers are role models, and they have a duty to act in a responsible and respectful manner. When they post comments on social media, they are speaking to a global audience, and they need to be mindful of that." The warning comes amidst a growing trend of football players using social media to express their opinions on various issues. While social media can be a powerful tool for communication, it can also be a double-edged sword, as it can lead to negative consequences if not used responsibly. The FA's message to star players is clear: they need to be careful about what they post on social media. While they have the right to express their opinions, they also have a responsibility to behave in a respectful and professional manner. In doing so, they will not only protect their own reputation, but also that of the sport they represent.