article: Read MARTIN SAMUEL's expert view on what the future holds for Hatem Ben Arfa . Hatem Ben Arfa is close to joining Nice on loan after the Ligue 1 club reached an agreement with the Newcastle midfielder. The former France international, 27, has six months remaining on his deal at St James' Park, with the move to Nice following an unsuccessful loan spell with Hull City. A statement on the French club's website read: 'Nice confirms having reached an agreement in principle with Hatem Ben Arfa. The French international will pass the medical examination Monday, prior to his signature. French international Hatem Ben Arfa has agreed a loan deal with French club Nice after leaving Hull early . The 27-year-old's loan spell is being cut short by Hull having played just nine games for the club . 'Hatem Ben Arfa has never been so close to Nice. The attacking midfielder is expected to continue his career in the red-and-black jersey.' Ben Arfa has endured a contrary time time in England, scoring 14 times in 86 games for Newcastle before appearing nine times for Hull this season. Although he has shown flashes of brilliance his attitude has been brought into question by Alan Pardew and Steve Bruce. Hull decided to cut short Ben Arfa's loan deal, with Bruce telling the BBC: 'Sometimes transfers don't work, especially with a loan deal. 'I'm disappointed. We brought him in on a wave of publicity and there has been no fallout or slanging match. Ben Arfa scored 14 goals in 86 appearances for Newcastle but is surplus to requirements at St James' Park . 'His views of the game are different to mine. At any club you need to have a certain work ethic to get in the team, that's the frustrating thing. 'I hope Hatem takes in what I've had to say to him because his talent is there for all to see. But talent without hard work means you won't live up to your potential. 'To play for me you have to know you are playing for the team. To be a great you have to be a team player.'
highlights: Nice have agreed a deal to sign Hatem Ben Arfa until the end of the season . The French international has been on loan at Hull this season . But Steve Bruce has cut short Ben Arfa's loan at the KC Stadium . Ben Arfa is out of contract this summer and Newcastle do not want him .
id: 54a66053c68fa06cfac66c54982274ef9eabf5b8
chatgpt: In a surprise move, Nice has struck a deal with Hatem Ben Arfa to join their team until the end of the season. Ben Arfa had been on loan at Hull this season, but his time with Hull was unexpectedly cut short by manager Steve Bruce. Despite having previously impressed at Newcastle, Ben Arfa was out of contract and not wanted by the club this summer, making his future uncertain. However, with his move to Nice, Ben Arfa will now have the opportunity to showcase his talent once again. Ben Arfa remains a popular player among fans, with his skill and flair on the field always a delight to watch. His presence at Nice, which is currently fifth in the French league standings, is expected to provide a much-needed boost to the team as they look to secure their position in the top five. Although the terms of his deal with Nice have not been disclosed, it is clear that Ben Arfa is eager to play and will be looking to prove himself in the coming months. His arrival has already generated excitement among Nice fans, who will be hoping the talented French international can help them climb even higher up the league standings. For Ben Arfa, this move represents a fresh start and a chance to reignite his career. With his future uncertain just a few weeks ago, the opportunity to join a team that wants him is a welcome one indeed. The move also represents a gamble for Nice, who are taking a risk on a player who has struggled with consistency in recent years. However, the potential rewards of having a player of Ben Arfa's caliber on the team are too great to pass up. As the end of the season draws near, all eyes will be on Ben Arfa as he seeks to make his mark with Nice. For a player with so much talent, this could be just the opportunity he needs to shine once again. Only time will tell if he can rise to the challenge and help lead Nice to success.