article: 13 years after her father died responding to the Sept. 11, 2001 attacks on the World Trade Center, Josephine Smith is carrying on his legacy by becoming the first daughter of a 9/11 responder to join the New York Fire Department. It was an emotional moment for Smith, 34, graduating the FDNY academy Tuesday, full of pride for her family but sadness that 'my father couldn't be here.' 'I've made it a mission to make sure that I fulfilled my dream of becoming a city firefighter and following in my father's footsteps,' she said, crying shortly after the service ended. Josephine Smith is the first daughter of a 9/11 responder to join the New York Fire Department . Josephine Smith's father Kevin was among the 340 firefighters killed in the 9/11 attack on the World Trade Center . NBC News that Smith's father Kevin was in one of the units that faced the most danger. About 340 firefighters died in the attack, which happened when Smith was 21-years-old. 'Kevin was a part of one of the units hit most hard that day: Hazmat 1,' Mayor Bill de Blasio told the graduates. 'Josephine out of that tragedy devoted herself to service.' The graduation has been a longtime goal for Smith who used to follow her dad to work and play on the fire engines . Mother Angela Clay believed that were Kevin here today he'd be an extremely proud father and would've had words of advice for his girl: 'Do a good job. Keep your head straight. Your heart in it. And love your job.' Most important, Angela said, 'she's made herself proud about what she's accomplished today. And that's our goal with her.' The graduation has been a longtime goal for Smith who used to follow her dad to work and play on the fire engines. Mayor Bill de Blasio told the graduates that Josephine's father was among the units hit hardest . She still wears her father's bracelet and carries a memorial card in her hat. 'There's not a second that goes by I don't think of my father. There's so much that reminds me of him,” she said. 'Being a firefighter himself, he knows what comes with the job. But he would know it I'd be able to handle it, he knows how strong I am,' she said.
highlights: Josephine Smith has becomed the first daughter of a 9/11 responder to join the New York Fire Department . Father Kevin was killed responding to World Trade Center along with about 340 other firefighters . Graduation has been a longtime goal for Smith who used to follow her dad to work and play on the fire engines .
id: 6095adfad77a52ac43e3b1ec5005a4cdec471901
chatgpt: In a historic moment for the New York Fire Department, Josephine Smith has become the first daughter of a 9/11 responder to join the department. Smith's father, Kevin, was one of the brave first responders who tragically lost their lives responding to the World Trade Center on September 11, 2001, along with about 340 other firefighters. For Smith, graduation from the New York Fire Academy has been a long-time goal. As a child, she used to accompany her father to work and play on the fire engines, and the memory of her father's heroism has always inspired her to follow in his footsteps. Now, after more than a year of intense training, Smith has achieved her dream and joins the ranks of New York's bravest. "I'm proud to be carrying on my dad's legacy and to serve alongside the brave men and women of the New York Fire Department," said Smith. "My dad was a true hero, and I hope to make him proud every day by carrying on the tradition of service and sacrifice that he exemplified." The road to becoming a firefighter is long and challenging, but for Smith, it was well worth the effort. The Fire Academy's rigorous training program tests every aspect of a new recruit's physical, mental, and emotional capabilities, and Smith had to prove she had what it takes to serve as a firefighter in one of the world's busiest and most demanding cities. Despite the challenges, Smith's passion for firefighting never wavered. She was determined to follow her father's example and serve her community with honor and bravery. Now, as she begins her career with the New York Fire Department, Smith knows she has some big shoes to fill, but she is ready for the challenge. "Josephine Smith is an inspiration to all of us," said New York Fire Department Commissioner Daniel A. Nigro. "Her father was a true hero who gave his life for others, and now Josephine has chosen to follow in his footsteps. She has the strength, courage, and dedication that it takes to serve as a firefighter in New York City, and we are proud to welcome her to the department." The New York Fire Department has a proud tradition of service and sacrifice, and Smith embodies the spirit of that tradition. Her dedication to her father's memory, her community, and her fellow firefighters is a testament to the bravery and resilience of the men and women who wear the uniform of the New York Fire Department. Today, we salute Josephine Smith and all those who serve to keep our communities safe.