article: (CNN) -- Australians are demanding a ban on cattle exports to Indonesia after an investigation revealed brutal treatment that included animals getting flogged, kicked and bleeding to death in some cases. The call comes after an investigation by an Australian animal rights group, which followed the cattle from the docks to 11 abattoirs in Indonesia. Animals Australia conducted the probe after a livestock industry report revealed mistreatment, according to Glenys Oogjes of the animal rights group. It openly filmed inside 11 abattoirs, including at night, with the help of Indonesian workers at the slaughterhouses, Oogjes said. "Our primary goal was to have a look and see what we were reading in industry reports and to find out if it was as bad as it sounded," she said. "Our goal was to expose to the Australian community what's happening to our live stock in Indonesia, and to stop our animals from being treated badly and to halt the trade to Indonesia." "It was really unfortunate if it really happened," said Djajadi, director of the Veterinary Health Department of the Indonesian Ministry of Agriculture, adding, "Australian cattle is different from Indonesian cattle. They're big and wild." But, he said, "We already have plans to put the slaughter houses in order, to ensure the animals' welfare, by giving restraining boxes for slaughtering, stun guns for slaughtering houses, training and education for the workers." The footage, broadcast on Australian television, showed cattle being flogged and taking minutes to die after their necks were slashed, according to the rights group. In addition to the mistreatment, the cattle are not treated in accordance with the Muslim practice of halal, Oogjes said. "Animals are supposed to be treated well and should be facing Mecca when they are slaughtered. Our investigation discovered that neither of these things were happening," Oogjes said. She said the rights group "filmed animals being slaughtered and cut up in front of other animals -- that's certainly not halal." The footage sparked angry calls to the agriculture department and tens of thousands of signatures in an online petition. Opposition parties, farmers, animals rights groups and outraged citizens have demanded a ban on Indonesian cattle exports,  Oogjes said. On Wednesday, the Australian veterinary association joined calls for a suspension of trade to Indonesia until humane slaughter practices are established. Australia's agriculture minister has appointed someone to look into the situation,  Oogjes said. "He has said this week the cattle won't be sent to the 11 abattoirs investigated by Animals Australia,"  Oogjes said. "But it's ridiculous. There are thousands of abattoirs in Indonesia and we don't have any control over where our animals go in Indonesia." Animal rights groups called on Prime Minister Julia Gillard to urgently halt cattle exports to Indonesia. "While the government could deny knowledge of what's going on in Indonesia this time around -- if we have to go back and document further evidence -- the public will not be so forgiving,"  Oogjes said in a statement. CNN's Kathy Quiano contributed to this report.
highlights: Animals Australia conducts a probe after a livestock industry report . Outage grows after the footage airs on Australian television . The footage sparks angry calls to the agriculture department and online petition . The cattle are not treated in accordance with the Muslim practice of halal, rights group says .
id: 4b815dad50b5e40f0d5372320ddbaff432ef5e7c
chatgpt: Animals Australia has launched an investigation into the treatment of cattle after a livestock industry report revealed concerning practices. The report was released following the airing of footage on Australian television that showed mistreatment of animals. Many individuals were outraged after watching the footage, which resulted in numerous complaints being filed with the agriculture department. In addition to these complaints, an online petition calling for change was created. The footage specifically showed that the cattle were not being treated in accordance with the Muslim practice of halal. This has led to accusations of animal cruelty and unethical behavior. The investigation being conducted by Animals Australia aims to uncover the truth about the treatment of these animals. The organization hopes to bring to light any issues that need to be addressed to improve the welfare of livestock. The report that sparked this investigation highlights serious concerns within the livestock industry. The footage shows animals that are being mistreated and is a cause for concern to many individuals who are concerned about animal welfare. The agriculture department has also stated that they are taking the matter seriously and are working with Animals Australia to investigate any wrongdoing. They have stated that they will take appropriate action if any misconduct is found. The call for halal-compliant treatment of animals is one that many Australians support. This practice is an important part of religious observance for many Muslims and is seen as a measure of respect and compassion towards animals. However, this is not the first time that concerns have been raised about the treatment of animals in the meat industry. The use of factory farming methods and the mistreatment of animals has been a cause for concern for many years, and this case has brought these issues back into the spotlight. The footage that was aired on Australian television has raised public awareness about the unethical practices that are taking place within the livestock industry. It has sparked outrage and calls for change, and it is hoped that these calls will be heard and acted upon. For now, the investigation conducted by Animals Australia and the agriculture department will continue, and it is hoped that any wrongdoing will be uncovered and addressed. The call for halal-compliant treatment of animals will also continue to be a hotly debated topic, and it is essential that animal welfare is put at the forefront of any decisions made in this area.