article: BAGHDAD, Iraq (CNN) -- Bombs in Baghdad and Baquba killed four people, two police officers among them, and wounded seven others Sunday morning, an Interior Ministry official said. A wounded Iraqi woman cries at a Baquba hospital after being caught in a blast Sunday at a police building. One death came about 9 a.m. when a parked car bomb detonated near the Buratha Shiite mosque in northwestern Baghdad. The blast apparently targeted a convoy belonging to an endowment that manages Shiite mosques in the war-ravaged nation. Three people were wounded in the explosion. A roadside bomb attack an hour earlier struck a police patrol in western Baghdad's Mansour district, the Interior Ministry official said. Two police officers were killed and four others were wounded, he said. In another attack targeting authorities, a suicide car bomber slammed into the emergency police headquarters in central Baquba about 9:30 a.m., a Baquba police official said. Twelve people were hurt in the blast, including three police officers. The blast also damaged the police headquarters and three civilian automobiles, the police official said. The suicide bomber was the only person killed in the blast. The U.S. military told CNN it has no evidence of a reported attack by al Qaeda in Iraq militants on an Iraqi village near Baquba on Saturday. A Baquba police official said at least 10 people were killed when the AQI insurgents raided the village of Adwaila -- home to both Sunni and Shiite Iraqis -- who have opposed al Qaeda, making the village a target. "CF [coalition forces] and IA [Iraqi army] searched the area by air and by ground for several hours and found no evidence of this attack," Task Force Iron spokeswoman Maj. Peggy Kageleiry told CNN in an e-mail sent on Sunday. "An IA team that was called to investigate the alleged incident was attacked by small arms fire and not anywhere on the scale described in the original report from the media." The police official said al Qaeda in Iraq insurgents launched mortars into the village north of Baquba and then sent in dozens of fighters with small arms to storm the village. The police officials aid at least five homes were burned and destroyed. E-mail to a friend . CNN's Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report.
highlights: A parked car bomb explodes outside an organization that manages mosques . Two police officers killed in roadside bomb attack in Baghdad's Mansour district . Suicide car bomber dies after slamming into Baquba police building, injuring 12 .
id: cb58564cf4782a5736d4e411b206b801be6a48f9
chatgpt: A series of deadly attacks struck different parts of Iraq today. In Baghdad's Mansour district, a roadside bomb targeting a police convoy exploded, killing two police officers and injuring several others. The attack took place early in the morning as police were traveling to their posts. The scene was immediately cordoned off by authorities as investigations got underway. In the city of Baquba, a suicide car bomber detonated a powerful explosion outside a police building, injuring at least 12 people. The bomber appeared to have targeted the compound, which houses a number of police departments. The building and surrounding areas sustained significant damage in the blast. Security personnel rushed to the scene and managed to apprehend several suspects who were trying to flee. In separate incident, an organization that manages mosques was targeted in the city of Karbala with a parked car bomb. The explosion caused considerable damage to the building and nearby vehicles, but there were no reports of casualties. It is not clear who was behind the attack or what the motive was. These attacks come amid a recent spike in violence in Iraq, particularly in the contested areas between the Kurdish and Iraqi forces. Previously, Iraqi officials had claimed that the situation was under control, but their assertions now look increasingly tenuous. The violence seems to mainly affect security forces and officials, but it is civilians who suffer the most. The constant threat of attacks has made it difficult for people to go about their daily lives. The wave of bombings, assassinations, and shootings has undermined the confidence that Iraqis have in their security forces and government. It has also raised concerns about the country's ability to maintain stability and security. For now, security forces are on high alert, and the government has promised to take all necessary action to protect the citizens. However, it remains to be seen if they can successfully counter the rise in violence and bring peace and stability to the country. In a statement, the UN condemned the attacks and called for the perpetrators to be brought to justice. The international community continues to monitor the situation in Iraq with great concern.