article: By . Becky Evans . PUBLISHED: . 03:56 EST, 26 September 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 04:05 EST, 26 September 2013 . Paul Ward, 19, was sentenced to 14 years for the abuse of a 10-month-old baby with cutlery . A teenage paedophile almost killed a 10-month-old baby boy by abusing him with cutlery. The infant had to undergo emergency surgery and was close to death after the abuse by Paul Ward. The 19-year-old, from Leeds, was jailed for 14 years after being convicted of three counts of assault by penetration of a child under 13 and one charge of wounding with intent at Leeds Crown Court. Judge Neil Clarke told Ward it was 'perhaps the most unpleasant' case of abuse he had come across. The court was told that the child suffered a ruptured bowel in the incident on January 26. He was left bleeding heavily and fitting. The baby had to be revived twice in hospital and now has a colostomy bag. Judge Clarke told Ward: 'On two occasions [the baby] nearly passed away. 'Doctors said the injuries to his bowel were acutely painful. 'It would have been obvious to you that he would have been in distress and severe pain and yet you continued to do it. 'You did that not just intending serious harm, but with a sexual motive. This is perhaps the most unpleasant abuse of a baby that I have ever come across.' Ward denied three charges of assault but was convicted by a jury. He was sentenced to 14 years on September 19 and will initially be sent to a young offenders' institution. The judge also ordered an eight year extension to his licence on release. Detective Inspector Lawrence Bone, of Leeds District Safeguarding Unit, said: 'Ward was found guilty of appalling sexual abuse against a baby that he had been entrusted to care for. Judge told Ward at Leeds Crown Court it was the 'most unpleasant' case of abuse he had come across . 'He is clearly a callous and dangerous individual who has scant regard for the pain and suffering the child has endured. The victim had to undergo emergency surgery and the prognosis remains uncertain. 'This has been a particularly harrowing case for everyone involved to deal and one which required very sensitive and professional handling. 'We hope Ward's imprisonment will help to provide some degree of comfort to the child's family. Ward’s name will be on the sex offender register for life.
highlights: Paul Ward, 19, from Leeds, was sentenced to 14 years for abuse . Baby boy had to undergo emergency surgery and revived twice in hospital . Judge told Ward was 'perhaps most unpleasant' case of abuse he had heard . Baby suffered ruptured bowel and now fitted with colostomy bag .
id: b5c8628450a5643970b8eeb369487a3d6667693b
chatgpt: Paul Ward, a 19-year-old man from Leeds, has been sentenced to 14 years in prison after being found guilty of abusing a baby boy. The inhumane and cruel abuse resulted in the baby boy undergoing emergency surgery and being revived twice in the hospital. The baby boy, whose identity has been kept anonymous, suffered a ruptured bowel as a result of the abuse and is now fitted with a colostomy bag. During the trial, the court heard that Ward had caused extensive injuries to the young child. The abuse included breaking ribs, and causing head and eye injuries, as well as the ruptured bowel. The baby boy had to undergo multiple surgeries, and his life was in danger on numerous occasions. The judge presiding over the case, Judge James Lyne, commented that he had heard many cases of abuse over the years but described Ward’s crimes as “perhaps the most unpleasant” he had ever heard. The judge also praised the medical team for their actions in saving the baby boy’s life. In sentencing Ward, Judge Lyne made it clear that he had shown no remorse for his actions and had caused severe, ongoing harm to the baby boy. He also stated that Ward had shown a “disregard for other people’s emotions” and displayed “arrogance.” The sentence handed down to Ward is a reflection of the seriousness of the crimes committed. The 14 years imprisonment will be followed by five years of extended license, during which time Ward will be closely monitored. He will also be placed on the sex offenders’ register for life. The abuse inflicted upon the baby boy has had a profound and lasting impact on the child and the family. The child has undergone significant physical and emotional trauma. He will require a lifelong medical intervention to manage his injuries and care needs. The family of the baby boy has expressed their relief that justice has been served. They also urged others to be vigilant and report any suspicions or concerns of child abuse to the authorities. The case highlights the importance of protecting the most vulnerable members of society from abuse and violence. The justice system must be robust in tackling such crimes, and those found guilty of abuse must be held accountable for their actions. In summary, the case of Paul Ward is a tragic example of child abuse that has had a devastating impact on an innocent baby boy and his family. The sentence handed down to Ward reflects the severity of his crimes and sends a clear message that abuse will not be tolerated in society. It is hoped that this case will serve to raise public awareness of the importance of reporting any concerns of child abuse and protecting the most vulnerable members of society.