article: By . Jack Doyle . PUBLISHED: . 21:01 EST, 11 February 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 02:33 EST, 12 February 2013 . More than 120,000 cyber-attacks are launched every day against computers in Britain. The 44million attacks a year against home computers, businesses and government are thought to cost the country up to £27billion. The most common form of attack involves malicious software targeting computers, credit card fraud and hacking of social networking sites. Hacking of financial details and social media accounts are the most common problems . But a shortage of IT workers is hampering Britain’s ability to protect itself from costly internet attacks, a National Audit Office report revealed. Worryingly, the lack of classroom computer and technology skills mean it could be two decades before the gap is closed. The spending watchdog found the number of IT and cyber security professionals in the UK has not increased in line with the growth of the internet. Its report into the UK’s cyber security strategy revealed concerns in academia, business and government about the low uptake of computer science and technology courses. In 2010 ministers dramatically upgraded the Government’s assessment of the threat from electronic attack, which now rates as one of the top four risks to the UK. Over four years from 2011 an additional £650 million will be spent on the National Cyber Security Programme. The report also revealed low levels of security awareness among many computer users. According to a survey the top three passwords are ‘password’ ‘123456’ and ‘12345678’. It is estimated that around eight in ten attacks could be prevented with better passwords and basic computer security. Previous hacking victim: a student committed a series of cyber attacks as part of hacking group Anonymous that cost the website PayPal £3.5 million . NAO head Amyas Morse said: ‘The threat to cyber security is persistent and continually evolving. ‘Business, government and the public must constantly be alert to the level of risk if they are to succeed in detecting and resisting the threat of cyber-attack.’ The report said: ‘Interviews with government, academia and business representatives confirmed that the UK lacks technical skills and that the current pipeline of graduates and practitioners would not meet demand. ‘A number of government departments commented that the UK depended on a small number of highly skilled people to participate in developing international technical standards.’ ‘Interviewees were concerned about a lack of promotion of science and technology subjects at school resulting in the reported lower uptake of computer science and technology courses by UK students.’
highlights: Many British computer users leave themselves vulnerable with the . top three passwords as ‘password’ ‘123456’ and ‘12345678’
id: 2a3969eb93854da2e8d6d0c0ded5b88e626f4b4a
chatgpt: A new study by the National Cyber Security Centre (NCSC) has revealed that many British computer users are leaving themselves vulnerable to cyber attacks by using easily guessed passwords. The study found that the top three passwords used by UK internet users were "password," "123456," and "12345678." These passwords are frequently used by people who want to sign up for a new online account or access an existing one without having to remember something complicated. The NCSC report found that "password" was the most commonly used password, representing almost 280,000 accounts belonging to people living in the UK. "123456" came in a close second with almost 280,000 accounts, and "12345678" was used by almost 160,000 people. The survey took data from public breaches and compared commonly seen passwords to those found within breaches. It included estimates of how many people use the password and the number of online accounts it protects. The Director for Vulnerability Equities Process and Analysis at the NCSC, Dr. Ian Levy, said: "Password re-use is a major risk that can be avoided – nobody should protect sensitive data with something that can be guessed, like their first name, local football team, or favourite band." The report also found that women were more likely to use specific names as passwords, such as "Ashley" and "Jessica," while men used more simple passwords like "iloveyou," "monkey," and "starwars." Experts have warned that using weak passwords can make it easy for hackers to guess or crack login credentials, especially if the user has the same password for multiple accounts. It is recommended to use different, difficult-to-guess passwords for each online account, and to use a password manager to store them securely. In recent years, the UK government has launched various initiatives to increase cyber security awareness among the public. In 2016, it launched a £1.9bn cybersecurity strategy, which included measures such as investing in cyber research and development, and creating a police unit to combat cybercrime. Figures released last year by the Office for National Statistics showed that there were 1.7 million incidents of online fraud and cybercrime in 2017, costing an estimated £10.9bn to individuals and businesses. The NCSC recommends a three-word 'passphrase' as being more secure than using complex symbols, digits and capital letters, saying they are easier to remember and harder for hackers to guess. They also recommend using two-factor authentication where possible. Overall, the NCSC report highlights the need for people to take online security seriously and to take proactive steps to protect their accounts from cyber threats. Taking the time to create strong, unique passwords is a simple but effective way of safeguarding against potential risks.