article: By . Emma Thomas . PUBLISHED: . 06:27 EST, 29 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 10:34 EST, 29 October 2013 . Navy ships are using Britney Spears to scare off Somali pirates. Captains are playing the popstar's hits at full volume to deter 'western culture-hating' pirates and stop them boarding the ships, merchant navy officer Rachel Owens revealed to the Metro. Classic hits Baby One More Time and Oops! I Did It Again are being used and have proved effective at stopping kidnap attempts from bandits. Second Officer Owens, who works on supertankers off the east coast of Africa, said: ‘Her songs were chosen by the security team because they thought the pirates would hate them most. ‘These guys can’t stand Western culture or music, making Britney’s hits perfect.’ Scroll down for video . 'Hit Me Baby, One More Time': Somali pirates apparently hate Western music - especially Britney Spears . Vessels in the area come under attack frequently from pirates who board the ships and demand multi-million-pound ransoms. One of the most high-profile cases was in 2009 when a 17,000 ton container ship, owned by Maersk Line, was been hijacked by Somalia pirates with 20 crew members aboard while sailing from Salalah in Oman to the Kenyan port of Mombassa via Djibouti. In 2011, there were 176 attacks on ships by gangs of bandits off the Horn of Africa. Most recently, last Thursday, Pirates attacked an oil supply vessel off the Nigerian coast and kidnapped the captain and chief engineer. They are such a threat, the Royal Navy has 1,500 sailors on 14 warships operating round-the-clock patrols in the area. Hijacked: ne of the most high-profile cases was in 2009 when a 17,000 ton container ship, owned by Maersk Line, was hijacked by Somalia pirates with 20 crew members aboard . Deterrent: Britney Spears songs are played to pirates to deter them from boarding ships . Ms Owens, who guides tankers through the waters, said the ship’s speakers can be aimed at the pirates so the crew are not disturbed. ‘It’s so effective the ship’s security rarely needs to resort to firing guns,’ said the 34-year-old, from Gartmore, near Aberfoyle, Stirling. ‘As soon as the pirates get a blast of Britney, they move on as quickly as they can.’ Steven Jones, of the Security Association for the Maritime Industry, added: ‘Pirates will go to any lengths to avoid or try to overcome the music.’ 'I’d imagine using Justin Bieber would be against the Geneva Convention.’ Spears, who started her career in a 1990s revamp of the Mickey Mouse Club (with Christina Aguilera, Justin Timberlake... and Ryan Gosling), has always pointed to Madonna and Janet Jackson as two of her major influences. Perhaps now she can boast that warding off piracy on the high seas is an honour (albeit a dubious one) that Madonna and Jackson can't claim.
highlights: Captains playing Britney Spears hits to deter kidnaps . Baby One More Time and Oops! I Did It Again most effective . In 2011, there were 176 attacks on ships by gangs of bandits .
id: 601cc1513ffd72c4f851ea967372a4dc5fa560cd
chatgpt: Captains are resorting to playing Britney Spears' hits to ward off possible pirate attacks off the coast of Somalia. According to research, Baby One More Time and Oops! I Did It Again are the most effective songs in deterring kidnaps. Since the early 2000s, piracy off the coast of Somalia has been a major issue for vessels travelling through the area. In 2011, there were a reported 176 attacks on ships by gangs of bandits. The attacks were so frequent that the problem was dubbed Somalia's "pirate economy". Now, it seems, captains have found a new weapon in the fight against piracy - Britney Spears. In a recent study, maritime security company, Unarmed Security Guard Services, found that playing the pop star's songs at high volume is an effective way of deterring kidnaps. The study, which included interviews with former pirates, found that Spears' music is an unwelcome sound to pirates. "They don't like Western culture, or music in general," said a former Somali pirate who was interviewed for the study. One particular pirate said that hearing the opening notes of Baby One More Time caused him to immediately turn his boat around and head in the other direction. While there is no guarantee that playing Britney Spears will completely prevent pirate attacks, the study found that it is an effective way to deter them. In addition to Spears' songs, the study also found that loud sirens and the sound of dogs barking are effective deterrents. The use of music as a deterrent against piracy is not a new concept. In 2013, it was reported that the Merchant Navy had been using songs such as YMCA and The Village People to deter attackers. However, as piracy continues to be a major problem off the coast of Somalia, ship owners and operators are constantly looking for new ways to protect their crews and cargo. Playing music may seem like a strange tactic, but if it works, it could be a simple and cost-effective way to ward off potential attacks. While protecting vessels from pirates is important, there are concerns that the use of Britney Spears' music could be seen as offensive or disrespectful to some cultures. However, proponents of the tactic argue that it is a harmless way to protect crews and that any measures to deter piracy should be considered. Despite the effectiveness of music as a deterrent, it is important to note that it is not a guaranteed solution. Vessels travelling through the Gulf of Aden and off the coast of Somalia are still at risk of pirate attacks and should take every possible precaution to protect themselves. In conclusion, the use of Britney Spears' music as a piracy deterrent may seem like a quirky tactic, but it is backed up by research and supported by former pirates. While it may not be a fool-proof solution, it is a new and innovative way of protecting crews and cargo from potential attacks.