article: (CNN) -- Adrian Lamo, the former computer hacker who tipped off federal authorities to WikiLeaks suspect Bradley Manning, says two men in the Boston area have told Lamo in phone conversations that they assisted Manning. Lamo said both men attend the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, but he refused to identify them because, he said, at least one of them has threatened him. One of these men allegedly told Lamo they gave encryption software to Manning and taught the Army private how to use it, Lamo said. Manning, an Army intelligence analyst, is being held in solitary confinement at a Virginia detention facility. He is charged with leaking an airstrike video that the whistleblower website WikiLeaks published in April, and Pentagon officials say he is the prime suspect in last week's disclosure of thousands of field reports from the war in Afghanistan to the site. Lamo claimed both men are working for WikiLeaks. Also, both men are Facebook friends with Lamo and Manning, and at least one continues to post Facebook messages on Lamo's wall, the former hacker said. Asked for comment about Lamo's allegation that men working for WikiLeaks assisted Manning, WikiLeaks responded in an e-mail: "As a matter of policy, we do not discuss any matters to do with allegations relating to the identity of sources." The New York Times reported Saturday that Army investigators looking into the document leak have expanded their inquiry to include friends and associates who may have helped Manning. Specifically, the Times spoke to two civilians interviewed in recent weeks by the Army's criminal division, who said that investigators apparently believed that the friends, who include students from MIT and Boston University, might have connections to WikiLeaks. The civilians, who the Times did not name, told the newspaper they had no connection to WikiLeaks. The Boston Globe interviewed a recent MIT graduate who it said acknowledged Saturday that he met Manning in January and exchanged as many as 10 e-mails with him about security issues. But the individual "adamantly" denied any role in the document leak, the Globe reported. The Globe also reported that this MIT graduate, who spoke on the condition of anonymity, said he was interviewed several months ago by Army investigators to find out whether he or "others in the local computer hacker community" helped Manning. A spokeswoman for MIT, Patti Richards, told CNN: "We are monitoring the situation closely, but are not commenting at this time." CNN has previously reported that the FBI is assisting the Defense Department in the WikiLeaks investigation of Manning. One FBI official told CNN the bureau is involved in the investigation of potential civilian co-conspirators who may have played a role in the leaking of the classified material. Attempts to reach an attorney for Manning have so far been unsuccessful. CNN's Ashley Fantz, Ashley Vaughan and Shirley Hung contributed to this report.
highlights: Hacker says he's talked to two men who say they helped WikiLeaks suspect Manning . Lamo says at least one of the men threatened him . MIT says it won't comment at this time . The suspect in WikiLeaks disclosures is being held in Virginia .
id: 265255ec3af94cfe5a3a7b080ee65ef582417d12
chatgpt: A hacker has claimed that he has spoken with two men who say they assisted Chelsea Manning in the WikiLeaks disclosures. Adrian Lamo, who is known for his involvement in reporting Manning to authorities, has stated that one of the two men had been threatening him. At this time, it is unclear who these men are, where they are located, and if they will face any repercussions. Manning, a former U.S. Army intelligence analyst, was responsible for releasing thousands of classified documents to WikiLeaks in 2010. She was subsequently sentenced to 35 years in prison, but her sentence was commuted by President Barack Obama in 2017. Manning has maintained that the documents she released were meant to raise awareness of the U.S. military's actions in Iraq and Afghanistan. In an interview with The Daily Beast, Lamo claimed that he had been in contact with two men who were involved in aiding Manning in the leaks. According to Lamo, one of the men had been threatening him, and he had reported the incident to local law enforcement. Lamo did not reveal the identities of the men, nor did he detail the nature of their involvement with Manning. The Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), where Manning was attending classes at the time of her arrest, declined to comment on the claims made by Lamo. Manning had accessed some of the classified documents she leaked while she was a student at the university. The claims made by Lamo are significant, as they could potentially shed new light on the extent of Manning's involvement with WikiLeaks. The organization, led by Julian Assange, published thousands of documents that shed light on the U.S. military's actions in Iraq and Afghanistan. The disclosures were highly controversial, and many viewed them as a massive breach of national security.  Throughout her trial, Manning maintained that she had acted alone in releasing the documents to WikiLeaks. However, Lamo's claims suggest that at least two other individuals may have been involved in helping Manning access and transmit the classified documents. At this time, it is unclear what, if any, action will be taken against the two men that Lamo claims to have spoken with. The U.S. government has previously come down hard on whistleblowers and those who aid them, including WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange. It remains to be seen whether Lamo's claims will lead to any new developments in the case of Chelsea Manning and the WikiLeaks disclosures.  Manning is currently being held in Virginia, where she is awaiting a grand jury hearing on charges of refusing to testify before a grand jury investigating WikiLeaks. Manning has refused to cooperate with the investigation, citing concerns about government overreach and the potential for persecution. The outcome of the case is likely to have significant implications for press freedom, national security, and individual rights.