article: By . Wil Longbottom . Last updated at 7:59 AM on 30th September 2011 . A rare white humpback whale calf has been spotted near Australia's Great Barrier Reef. Believed to be just a few weeks old, the 12ft calf was seen at Cid Harbour in the famous reef's Whitsunday Islands area by a family out in the bay in their boat. White whales are highly unusual, with only 10 to 15 believed to exist among up to 15,000 living along Australia's east coast. A white spectacle: A rare pure white humpback whale has been spotted off the Great Barrier Reef in Australia. There are only 10 to 15 in the 15,000-strong humpback population along the east coast of Australia . Wayne Fewings was diving in the harbour when he spotted the animal surfacing and described the sighting as a 'once in a lifetime experience'. He said: 'We were just drifting when I noticed the smaller whale in the pod was white. I couldn't believe my eyes. 'Then the white calf approached my boat, seeming to want to check us out. I was just so amazed at seeing this animal, it made me think how truly astounding the Great Barrier Reef is.' The calf's parents may both have been dark humpbacks carrying a recessive white whale gene, but Great Barrier Reef official Mark Read said one may also have been white themselves. That raises speculation that the calf could be the offspring of famous white humpback Migaloo. Migaloo - the name is an Aboriginal word meaning 'whitefella' - is the world's best-known all-white humpback and has built up a loyal following in Australia since first being sighted in 1991. Has he got a famous dad? This picture shows Migaloo - Aboriginal for 'whitefella' - another pure white whale that been spotted off Australia since 1991. The calf may be related . Mr Read said it was impossible to speculate on the baby humpback's parentage without genetic tests to compare with samples taken from Migaloo. 'There is another couple of purely white whales and then there's a very, very low number of animals that are a sort of blotchy colour,' he said. 'It is pretty unusual, but we'd be purely speculating in terms of relationships to Migaloo.' Humpback whales are currently on their southern migration, and the baby will be feeding heavily from its mother as it lays down fat stores for the 'cold Antarctic waters'. Its sex was unknown and Mr Read said there were no plans to give the young mammal a name of its own. Australia's east coast humpback population has been brought back from the brink of extinction following the halting of whaling in the early 1960s. Migaloo was last officially sighted by a cargo ship crew on August 10 around 6 miles north of Pipon Island, in far north Queensland, according to the White Whale Research Centre.
highlights: Only 10 to 15 believed to exist among 15,000 humpback whales living along Australia's east coast . Calf's parents may both carry recessive white whale gene or could be offspring of two white whales . Migaloo - Aboriginal for 'whitefella' - is famous pure white humpback spotted off Australia since 1991 .
id: 489ebb9990837bafc5cb4fbdeb0388e621b8bf0a
chatgpt: Only a handful of pure white humpback whales are believed to exist among the estimated 15,000 humpbacks living along Australia's east coast. Researchers have noted that there may be only 10 to 15 of these majestic creatures, which carry a recessive white whale gene. The cause of the genetic rareness is not fully known, but it is speculated that the calf's parents may carry the gene or be offspring of two white whales. One of the most famous pure white humpbacks is Migaloo, his name is an Aboriginal word meaning "white fella". Researchers first spotted Migaloo off the coast of Australia in 1991. Since then, Migaloo has captured the hearts and imaginations of people worldwide. Migaloo has become a symbol of beauty, purity, and fragility. Seeing one of these rare animals in the wild is a once-in-a-lifetime experience. Scientists conduct studies on the genetics of the remarkable sea mammals to illustrate the significance of the pigment mutation that causes the distinct bright white colouring of these Humpback Whales. While some might see the rarity of the white humpbacks and attribute it to their beauty, researchers also point out this offers new insights into how these whales are different from others. While whales in general are known to have a rich social structure that plays a critical role in their survival; how the white ones interact is still a mystery. That is the reason scientists are now conducting research on their genetics to get insight not only into the unique marine mammals characteristics but also how their uniqueness can affect their behaviour. The breeding practices of humpback whales may also provide insight into how the white whales have survived. The population of these animals within the oceans continues to decline, despite efforts by officials to protect and conserve them. As climate change disrupts and affects the distribution of food resources for most animals, migratory species like the humpback whales will suffer the most. Hence, a study of how white whales survive can reveal much about how their ability to adapt can help them thrive and persist into the future. Thus, the discovery of a white humpback whale calf offers much excitement and hope that this rare animal will survive and continue to be one of the most sought after animals in the animal kingdom. In conclusion, the white humpback whales living near Australia's eastern coast are evidence of the beauty and fragility of some of the Earth's most majestic creatures. Scientists interested in these rare animals are hopeful that such studies will provide a better understanding of their behaviour and an insight into how other animals might adapt to environmental challenges.