article: At the entrance to a mountain village in Bosnia, people are greeted by the Islamic State emblem. New photographs show the distinctive ISIS flag adorning buildings and the symbol is painted on a sign in Gornja Maoca, which is home to  followers of the radical Wahhabi movement. It is believed some 150 Bosnians have joined Islamic militants in Syria and Iraq. Scroll down for video . Extremist following: New photographs show the distinctive ISIS flag adorning buildings and the symbol is painted on a sign in Gornja Maoca . 'Welcome': At the entrance to the village of Gornja Maoca, people are greeted by the Islamic State emblem . Children are pictured walking to school seemingly oblivious to the insignia of a terrorist group responsible for the brutal killing Jordanian fighter pilot Moaz al-Kasasbeh. The 26-year-old was locked in a cage, doused with fuel and torched. However, radical Muslims are a minority in Bosnia, which has a mostly moderate and secular Muslim population. But Gornja Maoca is home to Bosnian followers of Wahhabism, a strict form of Sunni Islam. In April, Bosnia introduced jail terms of up to 10 years for citizens who fight or recruit fighters for conflicts abroad. The move was aimed at discouraging young Bosnians, some of whom, particularly from rural areas, have in recent years adhered to the puritanical Wahhabi sect, from going to fight in Syria. In September, Bosnian police detained 16 people on charges of financing terrorist activities, recruiting and fighting for radical groups in Syria and Iraq, authorities said. Police presence: Last year, Bosnia introduced jail terms of up to 10 years for citizens who fight or recruit fighters for conflicts abroad . Children are pictured walking to school past homes carrying the insignia of the terrorist group responsible for the brutal murder of Jordanian fighter pilot Moaz al-Kasasbeh . The arrests were made in 17 raids by a combined 200 police across the Balkan country. Television footage showed police making arrests in Gornja Maoca. Militant Islam was all but unknown to Bosnia's mostly secular Muslim population until the 1990s Balkans wars when Arab mercenaries turned up to help the outgunned Bosnian Muslims fend off Serb attacks. These fighters, many of whom settled in Bosnia, embraced a radical version of Islam that Bosnia's official Islamic community opposes. ISIS flag: It is believed some 150 Bosnians have joined Islamic militants in Syria and Iraq. Just two decades ago the country was ravaged by war . Militant Islam was all but unknown to Bosnia's mostly secular Muslim population until the 1990s Balkans wars .
highlights: Photos show ISIS flag flying from buildings in Gornja Maoca village, Bosnia . It's home to followers of Wahhabi movement - a strict form of Sunni Islam . Believed some 150 Bosnians have joined Islamic militants in Syria and Iraq . Those who fight or recruit  for conflicts abroad now face lengthy jail terms .
id: 240fee779bbb36f7be6a44d1bcb9bd0ca88817df
chatgpt: Officials in Bosnia are taking action against individuals who are promoting extremism, it has been claimed. Pictures have emerged of the ISIS flag flying from a number of buildings in the village of Gornja Maoca, which is home to members of the Wahhabi movement. This is a strict form of Sunni Islam that has gathered a following in Bosnia. It is believed that around 150 Bosnians have joined ISIS and other Islamic militant groups in Syria and Iraq. This has led to growing concern among officials in Bosnia that the country is becoming a source of extremist fighters. The Bosnian government has responded by passing a new law that makes it a criminal offence to fight or recruit individuals to fight in foreign conflicts. Those found guilty of such offences can now face lengthy jail terms. This new law has been welcomed by many in Bosnia, who see it as a necessary measure to protect the country from the threat of extremism. However, some have criticised the government for not doing enough to address the underlying causes of extremism in the country. Despite these criticisms, it is clear that Bosnia is taking the threat of extremism seriously. By passing this new law, the government is sending a strong message to those who may be considering travelling to Syria or Iraq to join ISIS or other militant groups. It is worth noting that Bosnia has a complex history when it comes to extremism. During the Bosnian War in the early 1990s, Bosniak, Croat and Serb forces all committed atrocities against each other. This led to an increase in religious extremism, and it is believed that a number of people who fought in the Bosnian War later went on to join Al Qaeda and other extremist groups. Now, the government in Bosnia is hoping to prevent a similar situation from occurring again. By taking action against those who promote extremism, officials in Bosnia are sending a message that the country welcomes moderate forms of Islam and does not want to see its citizens joining extremist groups abroad. While it remains to be seen how effective this new law will be in preventing Bosnians from joining ISIS and other militant groups, it is clear that the government is taking a proactive approach to the threat of extremism. As time goes on, it will be important to monitor the situation in Bosnia closely to ensure that this approach is successful in preventing further radicalisation.