article: (CNN) -- The skeletal remains of two infants were found underneath a rural Texas trailer, police said Monday, in the same area where another set of infant remains was found last year. The skeletal remains of two infants were found near a Texas trailer, police said Monday. Authorities were called about 3:30 p.m. Sunday to the trailer south of Kennedale, about 15 miles southeast of Fort Worth, Texas, in rural Tarrant County, said Terry Grisham, spokesman for the Tarrant County Sheriff's Office. There is a group of about five mobile homes there, he said, that are leased by the property owner. One of the mobile homes had recently become vacant, and the owner was cleaning it up, Grisham said. The owner pulled back the metal "skirt" around the bottom of the mobile home and was "digging around in there," and found a plastic bag, Grisham said. When the man opened it up, he found a box, and inside the box he found the "bones of a very young infant," Grisham told CNN. He continued to look, and found another plastic container with more remains inside, of a "similar-aged infant," before calling 911, Grisham said. In 2008, the same man called police to report that he had found a suitcase in the same area, in an overgrown field a distance away from the mobile homes, while dumping leaves. When he used a knife to cut into the suitcase, a set of infant bones were found, Grisham said. The medical examiner's office was unable to determine a cause of death because the remains were skeletal, although no bones were broken, he said. "We worked the thing as best we could, without any more to go on than we had," but the investigation stalled, Grisham said. Police have contacted the two people -- a brother and sister -- who recently moved out of the trailer, he said. The two have been cooperative with authorities, he said. They were interviewed separately, but both told police they had no idea the remains were there, Grisham said. Authorities and the medical examiner's office remained at the scene Monday, Grisham said, and plan to use cadaver dogs at the site Monday afternoon in an effort to determine whether more remains were present. "This ground is pretty brushy and overgrown," he said. A county work crew was brought in to carefully cut down the brush to aid the search, he said. CNN's Ashley Hayes contributed to this report.
highlights: The skeletal remains of two infants found near Texas trailer police said Monday . Remains found in area where other infant remains were found last year . One mobile home recently become vacant, owner was cleaning it up . In 2008, same man told police he found a suitcase that had infant remains .
id: c2d28428ef5ff94603db49e2df0e1ce1c5ea0e17
chatgpt: Authorities in Texas are investigating the discovery of the skeletal remains of two infants near a trailer park in the city. The grim discovery was made by police, who were conducting a routine search of the area where other infant remains were found last year. According to officials, the remains were uncovered near a trailer that had recently become vacant. The owner of the trailer was cleaning it up when they noticed the remains and immediately called the police. This marks the second time in a decade that such discoveries have been made in the area. In 2008, the same man who owns the vacant trailer told police that he had found a suitcase that contained the remains of an infant. The authorities have not yet determined the identity of the infants, nor the circumstances surrounding their deaths. Despite the lack of information, the discovery has prompted a wave of concern and alarm in the community. "It's really sad," said one neighborhood resident. "It's sad that things like this happen in the world." Police have not released any information about suspects or motives at this time, but the investigation is ongoing. The discovery has raised questions about safety in the area, where residents have expressed concerns about drug activity and other criminal behavior. The police have urged anyone with information about the remains or the area to come forward and assist in the investigation. "We want to do everything we can to bring closure to the situation," said a police spokesperson. The discovery of the remains has shaken the community and reignited conversations about the tragedy of infant deaths. Texas, like many other states, has a Safe Haven law which allows mothers to safely relinquish their newborn babies without fear of prosecution. Officials have urged anyone who is struggling with an unwanted pregnancy or newborn to reach out for help. "There are resources available," said a spokesperson for a local women's health organization. "No one should feel like they are alone in this." As the investigation continues, the community remains hopeful that the tragic discovery will lead to a resolution and perhaps help prevent such incidents from occurring in the future.