article: (CNN) -- Ted Haggard, the former megachurch pastor and former National Association of Evangelicals chief whose career was undone by a gay prostitution and drugs scandal in 2006, plans to start a new church. Standing in front of his barn, Haggard and his family announced Wednesday that they are starting a church in Colorado Springs, Colorado, called Saint James. The church, which will not be affiliated with any denomination, will have its first gathering Sunday at the Haggard home. "All are welcome. Whether you're a Democrat, a Republican, gay, straight, bi-[sexual], tall, short, addict, recovering addict. ... I believe Jesus' arms are open to all," he said. In 2006, Haggard acknowledged having received a massage from a Denver, Colorado, man who said that the prominent pastor had paid him for sex over three years. Haggard also admitted he had bought methamphetamine but said he threw it away. Those statements led the Board of Overseers at New Life Church to fire Haggard as senior pastor. The church's independent investigative board said he was guilty of "sexually immoral conduct." After the allegations were made public, Haggard resigned as president of the influential National Association of Evangelicals, an umbrella group representing more than 45,000 churches with 30 million members. As part of his severance package with New Life Church, Haggard was barred from speaking publicly for a year. After that time elapsed, he made various media appearances, including starring in a documentary on HBO about his life. Sunday's service will mark his first return to the ministry in a full-time capacity. "This is an emotional morning for me," he told reporters. Flanked by his wife Gayle and their children and grandchildren, he said the family members had prayed long and hard before deciding to start another church. "While many believe I am not qualified, nor will I ever be because of what we've been through, I may be qualified to help other people in need," Haggard said. "I don't expect to have another megachurch. I'll be so pleased if a handful of people join with us. Something is better than nothing, and helping one is better than helping none." In response to a question, Haggard said he had no plans to perform gay marriages at the new church; that the only marriages he will perform will be between a man and a woman. "Those are the marriages we'll do in our church," he said. "As for society, that's a different story." His wife said she backed the move. "I was not willing to let the scandal be the last chapter in our lives," Gayle Haggard told reporters. In a statement, New Life Church said it "will always be grateful for the many years of dedicated leadership from Ted and Gayle Haggard and we wish their family only the best."
highlights: Ted Haggard's career as a pastor went south after a sex and drugs scandal in 2006 . Haggard admitted to the sex allegations, but said he tossed the drugs . He also stepped aside as pastor of the 14,000-member New Life Church . First service to be Sunday at his house; "I don't expect to have another megachurch," he says .
id: 7ef60b45907244dad24d0ddd7df8dab028ecd334
chatgpt: Ted Haggard, the former pastor of the 14,000-member New Life Church, is making a comeback after a sex and drug scandal derailed his career in 2006. Haggard admitted to the sex allegations but has maintained that he did not use drugs. He was forced to step aside as pastor following the scandal.  After years of being out of the public eye, Haggard is now preparing to resume his role as a pastor, but on a much smaller scale. The first service will be held at his home this Sunday, and Haggard has admitted that he does not expect to have another megachurch. Haggard's scandal began in 2006 when he was accused by a male prostitute of having a sexual relationship with him and using crystal methamphetamine. Haggard initially denied the allegations but later admitted to his wrongdoing. He resigned as the leader of the New Life Church, and his reputation was effectively destroyed. Since then, Haggard has largely lived outside of the public eye. He has spoken at a few events and even started a new church in Phoenix, but he has never been able to regain the level of influence he once had. Now, Haggard is ready to start anew. He has said that he wants to focus on helping people who are struggling with addiction and other issues. He has admitted that his own experience with addiction and infidelity has given him a unique perspective on these issues. At the same time, Haggard has also acknowledged that he is not the same person he was before the scandal. He has said that he has had to learn to live in the present and not dwell on the past. Despite the challenges he has faced, Haggard remains confident about the future. He has said that he is excited to start a new chapter of his life and believes that he can still make a positive impact on the world. For now, Haggard's new church is small and humble, but he has made it clear that he is not concerned with size or prestige. He simply wants to serve his community and help people in need. As Haggard prepares for his first service at his home this Sunday, he is asking for forgiveness from those he has hurt in the past. He has said that he is committed to living a life of integrity and wants to be a positive force in the world. Only time will tell if Haggard will be able to rebuild his reputation and regain his former influence. But for now, he is focused on moving forward and making a difference in the lives of those around him.