article: By . Sophie Borland . Women with breast cancer are being urged to exercise as there is no evidence it worsens painful symptoms, according to the health watchdog. Around 10,000 of those diagnosed with the illness each year on to develop lymphoedema, which leads to pain and loss of mobility in arms and legs. In the past they were urged by doctors to avoid exercise as it was thought to make the condition worse but NICE states this isn't the case. Breast thermogram: Women with breasts cancer are being urged not to give up exercise . Guidelines from the watchdog today state that moderate physical activity such as housework, gardening or walking will also help improve their overall health. In addition, breast cancer is linked to obesity and increasing evidence has found that staying active reduces the chances of the cancer returning. The condition affects 1 in 5 of the 50,500 women diagnosed with breast cancer in Britain a year and occurs when the lymph nodes are damaged by surgery or radiotherapy. Breast cancer is linked to obesity and increasing evidence has found that staying active reduces the chances of the cancer returning . It causes pain in the knees, elbows and other joints and swelling of the limbs which can be extremely severe. In the past, women were advised not to exercise over concerns it worsens symptoms but recent evidence has shown this isn't the case. Breast cancer is also linked to obesity and there is increasing evidence the illness is far more likely to return if women are even mildly overweight. Professor Mark Baker, Director of the NICE’s Centre for Clinical Practice, said: ‘Lymphoedema can have a significant effect on someone’s life, making once routine tasks difficult and painful. ‘It may also have an impact on a person’s self-confidence and mental health depending on how severe the condition is. ‘Our new recommendations make clear the link between exercise and breast cancer-related lymphoedema to help people manage this often distressing condition. ‘Although exercise will not prevent it, evidence shows that it will not cause lymphoedema or make existing symptoms worse either.’ Doctors advise women with lymphodeamia to do stretching exercises and also to stay as active as they can without hurting the affected muscles. They are urged to undertake moderate activity such as housework, gardening and walking but to avoid lifting heavy furniture as this may cause pain in the affected joints. Rachel Rawson, Clinical Nurse Specialist at Breast Cancer Care, said: ‘Lymphoedema after breast cancer treatment can be devastating. ‘It attacks confidence and self-esteem and can reduce a person’s quality of life. ‘Knowing that exercise can be beneficial will give confidence to those living with the condition. ‘Exercise can also help maintain or improve health for anyone diagnosed with breast cancer. ‘Regular movement every day can help keep joints supple and aid lymph drainage and extra exercises can also be useful if swelling restricts movement of the arm.’
highlights: In the past women with the disease were told to give up exercise . Breast cancer is linked to obesity and . increasing evidence has found that staying active reduces the chances of . the cancer returning . NICE guidelines say moderate exercise is not curative but can be beneficial .
id: 72d7d0f19540d0be34603250e420cab24f4a419e
chatgpt: Breast Cancer patients have been advised for a long time to give up exercise in order to heal faster. However, according to recent studies, it has been found that staying active and fit can reduce the chances of the cancer returning. Many women in the past have been given advice not to exercise or do anything that causes physical stress to their bodies. This has turned out to be counterproductive as living an inactive life can lead to obesity which itself is linked to breast cancer. The National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE) has now released new guidelines advising women to stay active in order to reduce the chances of cancer returning while noting that moderate exercise alone is not curative. Breast cancer is the most common type of cancer among women worldwide. It is a highly treatable disease, but once a woman has had breast cancer, the chances of it returning are high. Many patients may be reluctant to start exercising, out of fear that it will further damage their already compromised immune systems. However, recent studies now suggest otherwise. Exercise in breast cancer patients can help them regain their strength and increase their stamina. This, in turn, could speed up their recovery time from surgery and reduce their risk of further complications. For example, research has found that simply walking half an hour a day could reduce the chances of the cancer returning by as much as 25%. Exercise also helps in reducing body fat percentage which is a known risk factor for breast cancer recurrence. By reducing overall body fat, estrogen levels are also lowered, which in turn helps reduce the chances of the cancer returning. Fat cells can produce hormones like insulin and estrogen, both of which can stimulate cancer cells to grow and divide. According to the NICE guidelines, moderate exercise such as cycling, light weight lifting and swimming, can be beneficial. Heavy lifting and high-intensity workouts, on the other hand, are not recommended until patients have fully recovered from surgery and chemotherapy. The key message is to exercise consistently and engage in moderate physical activity if you have been diagnosed with cancer. Even if you have not had cancer, moderate exercise can help reduce your risk of developing cancer. A healthy lifestyle with a balanced diet and regular physical activity is crucially important for overall health and well-being. In conclusion, breast cancer patients are no longer being told to avoid physical activity. Exercise can help in reducing cancer recurrence rates and improving overall health. The recommendations to engage in moderate physical activity now serve as a reminder to everyone of how important regular exercise can be for reducing the risk of developing a wide range of health problems.