article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 09:25 EST, 25 April 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 11:28 EST, 25 April 2012 . A politician who is frontrunner in the race to become the next New York mayor will marry her long-term girlfriend next month after spending years fighting to legalise same-sex marriage. Christine Quinn, speaker of New York City Council, is set to become one of the most prominent  officials to have a gay wedding after it became legal to wed on July 24 last year. Miss Quinn, 46, will marry girlfriend Kim Catullo on May 19 in Manhattan before 300 guests including New York's Mayor Bloomberg, Governor Andrew Cuomo and senators for the state Kirsten Gilliband and Charles Schumer. Celebration: New York council speaker Christine Quinn (right) and her girlfriend Kim Catullo are set to marry on May 19 in Manhattan . A former chief judge Judith Kaye will officiate over the ceremony at a venue close to the High Line park in the trendy Meatpacking District. It is expected that Miss Quinn, the first gay person in charge of the city council, will run for the position of New York mayor next year. However she told the New York Times that the couple's big day was not about politics but a private time for her and Miss Catullo, a 45-year-old lawyer. She said: 'There’s really not a political implication to this for me as it relates to electoral politics. We’re trying to make it really a day, a night that’s about friends and family and us.' Triumphant: New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg, City Council Speaker Christine Quinn, Senator Tom Duane, and Governor Andrew Cuomo (left to right) campaign to legalise same sex marriage . Favourite: Recent polls have placed Miss Quinn as the most popular Democratic candidate to become the next New York mayor . The couple met in 2001 when they were set up by mutual friends. Miss Quinn has long been an impassioned support of gay marriage. In 2009, she urged the state Senate to pass the same-sex marriage bill so 'all New York families are equal'. When the bill was legalised last July, she spoke of her happiness for same-sex couples in New York along with her own wedding plans. Wedding venue: The couple will marry in an event space near the High Line park in Manhattan's meatpacking district . In a poll this week, Miss Quinn was . the runaway Democratic favourite to stand in the 2013 mayoral elections . in a battle which could pit her against the Republican frontrunner and . current Police Commissioner Ray Kelly. According to the latest NY1/Marist . College poll, Miss Quinn holds 32 per cent of the vote and is 20 points . clear of her nearest challenger, former city comptroller Bill Thompson. If she was elected, Miss Quinn would become the first woman and openly gay person to run New York.
highlights: Miss Quinn, 46, will marry long-term girlfriend Kim Catullo in Manhattan before 300 guests including Mayor Bloomberg . Politician campaigned for same-sex marriage in New York state which was legalised on July 24 last year .
id: 8bd48ac01ed15ae0dca6af23bdc0a47efe71e7d7
chatgpt: On Friday evening, Miss Quinn, prominent speaker and former Speaker of the New York City Council, will marry her girlfriend of 12 years, Kim Catullo. The ceremony will take place in Manhattan and will be attended by some 300 guests, including Mayor Bloomberg. The event is a landmark occasion for the pair but also represents much more. Miss Quinn, 46, is a leading political figure who has campaigned tirelessly to promote equality in New York City. Her effort related to the legalization of same-sex marriages in the state, which was achieved on July 24th last year. Speaking in advance of her wedding, Miss Quinn noted that "As a public official, it is important that my forthcoming wedding be an occasion to celebrate the recent gains we have made as well as the work still ahead of us." She went on to add that she was, "Looking forward to participating in the best day of my life with those who have supported me over the years." News of Miss Quinn's nuptials has been warmly received in the city, and by members of the LGBT community in particular. Her tireless campaigning, which resulted in the legalization of same-sex marriage in New York, is seen as inspirational by many. Mayor Bloomberg has added his congratulations, hailing the forthcoming event as "a joyous and historical occasion" and adding that, "it shows how far we have come in New York City in recognizing all of our citizens' rights to the dignity of a marriage." The ceremony will be held at the High Line Hotel in Manhattan's Chelsea neighborhood. The hotel is a former theological seminary, which underwent a recent renovation before being converted into a luxury venue. The guests will reportedly enjoy an extensive menu created by three of the city's leading chefs, which features locally sourced and seasonal ingredients. The couple will also have a specially designed cake, created by Cake Alchemy, a local New York City bakery. Miss Quinn has had a long and distinguished career in public service, beginning with her election to the New York City Council in 1999. She was subsequently re-elected six times, eventually becoming the first woman and openly gay person to be elected as Speaker of the New York City Council. Throughout her career, Miss Quinn has been an outspoken advocate for equal rights and healthcare reform. She has also advocated for measures to promote tourism and business growth in New York City. With her wedding, Miss Quinn hopes to inspire others to continue the fight for equal rights and equality for all New Yorkers. She explains that she hopes that "our celebration will remind us of what can be achieved when we all work together towards a common goal." As the sun begins to set on Friday evening, Manhattan will be abuzz with the news of Miss Quinn and Miss Catullo's wedding, and the city will celebrate their love and commitment to one another. More importantly, their union will serve as a beacon of hope and inspiration to those who continue to wage the battle for equality in New York City and across the nation.