article: By . Kieran Corcoran . An inmate at a notoriously lax open jail was caught trying to smuggle a rabbit inside to keep as a pet. The prisoner at Hollesley Bay open prison in Woodbridge, Suffolk, is thought to have found the animal while outside on day release. He was able to bring the rabbit back inside the prison - nicknamed Holiday Bay because its laid-back regime - where convicts managed to build it a hutch and started treating it as a prison pet. Lax: The prisoner was able to bring a rabbit back inside Hollesley Bay open prison in Suffolk - nicknamed Holiday Bay by inmates . Prison wardens eventually found and confiscated the rabbit, then gave it to a rescue centre. The inmate is thought to have found the rabbit roaming wild, as opposed to taking it from a previous owner. It is unclear whether the pet was kept in one prisoner's room or elsewhere in the jail. He has since been disciplined for the breach, which took place several weeks ago. A Hollesley Bay spokesman said today that it 'wouldn't be hard' for an inmate to smuggle an animal into the prison. She said: 'This is the country, there are dozens of brown rabbits sitting all round the prison as well as other animals like muntjac deer. 'If someone wanted to pick one up and take it back to their room it wouldn't be hard but as soon as it would have been found it would have been moved swiftly along.' Dennis Driver, Chairman of Hollesley Parish Council, said: 'The prisoners seem to just walk in and out as they like. 'They aren't allowed sharp items or animals but who knows if they are checked. The security does seem to be a bit lax. I'm sure all sorts of stuff is smuggled in there. 'I think the prisoners would just do it for a laugh. Rabbits come up to you and they probably just picked it up and took it in there. The rabbit fiasco is the latest in a string of embarrassments for Hollesley Bay, which last week the target of a bizarre theft. Low security: The jail in Suffolk is mocked by inmates because of its lax regime . An audacious thief broke into the jail, slipping through a skylight to steal £3,000 of tobacco meant to be sold to inmates. The cache was stolen from the prison's main storeroom in a late-night raid before it could be sold to convicts. Police hunting the culprits are understood to have found a shoe print near the scene. The tobacco was taken between 4.30pm on Monday, June 16 and 8am on Tuesday, June 17. Suffolk Police said up to 300 packets were taken. A prison spokesman said: 'Earlier this month a quantity of tobacco products was stolen from HMP Hollesley Bay. This is now a matter for the police.' New inmate: A prisoner at HMP Hollesley Bay brought a rabbit inside the prison as a pet - and built it a hutch .
highlights: Prisoner at HMP Hollesley Bay, Suffolk, found a rabbit roaming outside . Managed to get it back to his room and built it a hutch before it was found . Prison wardens eventually found the prison pet and disciplined the inmate . Comes as details emerge of audacious robber breaking into the prison . Thief stole £3,000 worth of tobacco which was going to be sold to prisoners .
id: e3aace42e6513e173d3aeaf7156217e8d1188035
chatgpt: A prisoner at HMP Hollesley Bay, Suffolk had a bit of unexpected company one day when he found a rabbit roaming outside his cell. Showing a softer side, the inmate managed to safely get the rabbit back to his room and even built it a hutch to keep it safe. Unfortunately, the prison wardens eventually found the prison pet and disciplined the inmate. The incident comes as details emerge of an audacious prison break-in. A thief broke into the prison and stole £3,000 worth of tobacco that was going to be sold to prisoners. Authorities are shocked and appalled at this brazen crime, which took place in broad daylight. The burglary has left many wondering how such a thing could happen and what can be done to prevent similar incidents in the future. HMP Hollesley Bay is known for its low security measures, which allow inmates to work on the gardens and grounds outside of the prison walls. However, experts are now questioning whether this laissez-faire approach is putting the public at risk. One former prison officer, who wished to remain anonymous, spoke out about the issue. "There have been a lot of changes to the prison system over the years, and it seems like inmates are getting more freedom and less supervision. It's worrying because if they can get out to steal tobacco, what else could they get up to?" This sentiment is echoed by many in the community who feel that prisons should not be seen as a holiday camp for criminals. Instead, they argue that prisons should focus on rehabilitation and ensuring that inmates re-enter society as law-abiding citizens. Others, however, have defended the low-security measures, pointing out that it has allowed inmates to work on valuable skills and engage in meaningful activities that can help them in life after prison. Some experts suggest that the answer lies in striking a balance between security and freedom. While inmates need to be given the opportunity to learn new skills and prepare for life after prison, it is critical that they are held accountable and punished for any criminal activity. The recent incidents at HMP Hollesley Bay have raised important questions about our prison system and how we can best ensure public safety while still providing inmates with the support they need to successfully reintegrate into society. As we move forward, it is clear that more work needs to be done to address these issues and to find a balance that will benefit everyone involved. Until then, we can only hope that incidents like these remain rare and that the justice system continues to evolve to better serve our communities.