article: More than 100 people have fallen severely ill following a major food poisoning outbreak at a Chinese restaurant in Queensland. Authorities have shut down Chin Chin Chinese Restaurant in Springwood, south of Brisbane, after customers ended up hospitalised when they ate at the establishment on the weekend. A Metro South Health spokesman said many people had been hospitalised and patient testing indicated a salmonella outbreak, likely from contaminated egg products. Scroll down for video . Authorities have temporarily shut down Chin Chin Chinese Restaurant in Springwood, south of Brisbane . More than 100 people have been fallen severely ill following a major food poisoning outbreak . Patient testing  indicates a salmonella outbreak, likely from contaminated egg products . 'There have been a lot of people who had the deep fried ice cream who got sick,' the spokesman said. 'But other people didn't have the ice cream and have still gotten sick.' The spokesman said patients had been presenting at Queensland emergency departments with extremely severe stomach cramps, exacerbated by dehydration. 'In some cases people have been hospitalised and in hospital for a number of days,' he said. 'The age is from very young children to the elderly. Amy Herbst, 18, was at the restaurant on Sunday with nine others for her grandmother's birthday . Ms Herbst (left) at the restaurant with brother Ryan, father Jason (who was hospitalised) and mother Rebecca . 'Their conditions are quite serious, we don't want people underestimate the problem.' People who dined at the restaurant on Saturday, Sunday and Monday night have been affected. Customers have made formal complaints to Queensland Health and have bombarded the restaurant's Facebook page with angry comments. Amy Herbst, 18, was at the restaurant on Sunday with nine other family members for her grandmother's birthday. The family ate the banquet and all 10 got sick, with her father and cousin ending up in hospital. 'Seven of us got severely sick and the other three got it for 24 hours or so,' Ms Herbst told Daily Mail Australia. Contaminated egg products, including those in deep fried ice cream, are believed to have caused the outbreak . Patients have been presenting at Queensland emergency departments with extremely severe stomach cramps, exacerbated by dehydration . 'We're still exhausted, we're still all sick and it's just pretty upsetting. 'We've all had to take time off work and it's been really hard because it's been so severe.' A Logan council spokeswoman said a temporary closure was placed on the restaurant to ensure no further risk while the investigation is being completed. 'We also encourage people who would like to report any other alleged cases of illness to contact Queensland Health,' she said. The council and Metro South Health say the closure order doesn't mean the restaurant is to blame for the outbreak as it may have been supplied with contaminated food.
highlights: Authorities have shut down Chin Chin Chinese Restaurant in Springwood . More than 100 people severely ill following a food poisoning outbreak . Egg and deep fried ice cream believed to be contaminated by salmonella . Diners hospitalised with severe stomach cramps and dehydration .
id: da19dc77ff14dd6a1e3d9fb394edb75d2e108b3d
chatgpt: Chin Chin Chinese Restaurant in Springwood has been shut down by authorities following a significant outbreak of food poisoning that has left more than 100 people severely ill. The restaurant, which has been a popular dining destination for locals and tourists alike, is believed to have served contaminated food that has led to numerous hospitalizations. Reports indicate that diners who visited the restaurant in recent days have begun to experience severe stomach cramps and dehydration after consuming contaminated food. Investigations by health inspectors revealed that the cause of the outbreak was eggs and deep-fried ice cream that had been contaminated with salmonella. The foodborne illness outbreak has caused significant concern among the local community, and authorities have urged anyone who visited the restaurant and experienced symptoms to seek medical attention. Speaking to the media, a representative from the local health department expressed their concern about the severity of the outbreak, stating that "This outbreak of food poisoning is alarming, and we are taking every measure to ensure that the public is protected. It is vital that anyone who has recently eaten at Chin Chin Chinese Restaurant and feels unwell, particularly if they are experiencing stomach cramps or dehydration, seeks medical attention immediately." Many of those affected by the outbreak have required hospitalization, with some suffering from severe bouts of vomiting and diarrhoea. Emergency crews have been working tirelessly to ensure that those affected receive the medical care they require, and authorities have warned that the situation could worsen in the coming days. The closure of Chin Chin Chinese Restaurant will come as a significant blow to the local community, with many people expressing their shock and disbelief at the news. The restaurant has long been a favourite dining destination for locals and tourists alike, and it is unclear at this stage when it will be allowed to reopen. Despite the obvious concern surrounding the outbreak, authorities have moved quickly to reassure the public that there is no evidence of a wider threat to public health in the area. Inspectors have been working to identify the source of the contamination, and additional measures have been implemented at local businesses to prevent a similar outbreak occurring in the future. The closure of Chin Chin Chinese Restaurant serves as a stark reminder of the importance of food safety and hygiene. Restaurants and other food businesses must adhere to strict regulations to ensure that they do not put the public at risk, and the Chin Chin Chinese Restaurant outbreak is a timely reminder of the consequences of failing to do so. In the coming days, authorities will continue to monitor the situation closely and work to ensure that anyone affected by the outbreak receives the appropriate medical care. The closure of Chin Chin Chinese Restaurant will undoubtedly be a significant blow to the local community, and authorities will be working to minimise the impact of the outbreak in any way they can.