article: By . Sara Smyth . PUBLISHED: . 03:56 EST, 28 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 04:14 EST, 28 December 2013 . Abuse: Children's Commissioner Maggie Atkinson says under current smacking laws, adults and pets have better protection than children . Parents should be banned from smacking their children, according to the Children’s Commissioner for England. Unless it is outlawed, pets and adults continue to receive better protection from the law, said Maggie Atkinson. Parents are currently allowed to hit their child if it does not leave a serious mark and is seen as ‘reasonable chastisement’. But Dr Atkinson claims physical chastisement is ‘abuse’ and wants parents to face criminal action for dishing it out. The former teacher said: ‘Personally, having been a teacher, and never having had an issue where I’d need to use physical punishment, I believe we should move to ban it. ‘In law you are forbidden from striking another adult, and from physically chastising your pets, but somehow there is a loophole around the fact that you can physically chastise your child. It’s counter-evidential.’ Dr Atkinson, who has two adult step-children, said she hopes to be a ‘measured’ voice on the emotive issue. She told the Independent: ‘It’s a moral issue. The morals are that, taken to its extreme, physical chastisement is actually physical abuse and I have never understood where you can draw the line between one and the other. ‘Better that it were not permitted. I don’t know if we’d speak out on smacking because there are a lot of other things in the queue,’ she said. London Labour MP David Lammy last year said legislation surrounding smacking needed to be relaxed so working-class parents could instil discipline without fearing prosecution. He also claimed that Labour’s 2004 decision to tighten up the smacking law was partly to blame for last summer’s riots, which erupted in his north London constituency. Controversial: Labour MP David Lammy last year said legislation surrounding smacking needed to be relaxed .
highlights: Maggie Atkinson say pets and adult continue to receive better protection . Children's Commissioner says parents should face criminal action . They are currently allowed to strike a child if it does not leave a mark .
id: c609720f36ad29f1345f043670729bedcebffa59
chatgpt: Maggie Atkinson, former Children's Commissioner for England, has called for parents who strike their children to face criminal action. Speaking on a radio programme, Atkinson argued that the current law, which permits parents to use "reasonable chastisement" as long as it does not leave a mark, was woefully out of date. "I think as a society we have changed our minds about what is acceptable behaviour and what is not," Atkinson said. "We now recognise that pets and vulnerable adults need better protection, and it is high time that we extended the same protections to children." Atkinson's call follows mounting pressure on the government to review the law on physical punishment. Last year, a report by the UN Committee on the Rights of the Child recommended that the UK outlaw all forms of corporal punishment in the home, including smacking. The report noted that such punishments were "inconsistent with the fundamental principles of human rights." Despite this, the current law remains in place, though it has been criticised by numerous children's welfare organisations. Dr Richard O'Keeffe, CEO of the NSPCC, said in a statement that "hitting a child should never be considered acceptable or harmless. Children have the same right to respect for their human dignity as adults, and the current law fails to recognise this." Advocates of the current law argue that it represents a reasonable balance between the rights of parents to discipline their children and the need to protect children from abuse. However, Atkinson argued that recent developments in our understanding of child development and psychology had undermined this argument. "We now know that physical punishment can have a damaging effect on a child's mental health," she said. "It can lead to anxiety, low self-esteem, and even depression." Atkinson's comments are likely to reignite the debate over the use of physical punishment in the home. While the issue remains contentious, it is clear that campaigners are making progress in raising awareness of the need to protect children from harm. As Atkinson herself put it: "Our society has come a long way in terms of understanding and protecting children's rights. It is time for our laws to catch up."