article: (CNN) -- Triple world champion Sebastian Vettel led a Red Bull one-two in practice for the Hungarian Grand Prix Friday as Mercedes struggled with new tires and the blistering heat in Budapest. Vettel was fastest on Pirelli's soft offering in the morning and repeated the trick in the afternoon on mediums with teammate Mark Webber just behind. Mercedes pair Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg have dominated practice and qualifying in recent races, but were off the pace this time in sixth and seventh place respectively in the afternoon runs. The team had been excluded from last week's tire testing at Silverstone and have catching up to do admitted Rosberg. "We know it's quite challenging for our car in these hot conditions," he told the official F1 website. "Some of the other teams look quick here, so we have more work to do," added the German. Hamilton, a three-time winner at Hungaroring, was more upbeat. "We can generally pull out a bit more in qualifying so let's see how tomorrow goes." Vettel is seeking his first win in Hungary to follow a maiden triumph in Germany in the previous round and all the omens look good for the German star. "It's nice when you feel in control of the car and you can play around. I think the car suits the track. "There is still a bit of work to do, but we need to make sure we get everything out of the car tomorrow," he added. Webber, who will retire at the end of the season, was just 0.044 seconds adrift of his teammate with Romain Grosjean third fastest for Lotus. Two-time champion Fernando Alonso and his Ferrari teammate Felipe Massa, who sustained life threatening head injuries in a freak accident at the circuit in 2009, were fourth and fifth quickest. Kimi Raikkonen made contact with the McLaren of fellow ex-world champion Jenson Button during the session and finished eighth fastest. Button finished just behind him, a boost for his struggling team with the Force Indias of Adrian Sutil, taking part in his 100th grand prix, and Paul di Resta next. Saturday will see final qualifying with track temperatures expected to remain over 40 degrees Celsuis for Sunday's race proper.
highlights: Sebastian Vettel fastest in both practice sessions for Hungary GP . Tops Friday's morning and afternoon runs in his Red Bull . Teammate Mark Webber second fastest . Mercedes pair Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg off the pace .
id: f82a3502fbe6ba95e0b8bbb1fdc89c3c070d4e64
chatgpt: Sebastian Vettel has emerged as the fastest driver from Friday's practice sessions for the Hungarian Grand Prix. The German driver, racing for Red Bull, topped both the morning and afternoon running sessions in his car, reportedly setting blistering lap times on both occasions. Vettel, a four-time world champion, showed his dominance at the Hungaroring circuit, in Budapest, lapping faster than any other driver in both practice sessions. However, his teammate Mark Webber was right behind him, finishing second-fastest in the afternoon session. The Mercedes duo of Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg, on the other hand, seemed unable to match the pace of the Red Bull drivers. The pair could only manage third and fourth-fastest times respectively in the morning session, while they remained off the pace in the afternoon. It was a clear sign to the competition that Vettel remains a major threat to their chances of claiming victory at the Hungarian Grand Prix this weekend. The German driver has struggled this season and has not managed to finish higher than fifth in any race so far. However, his dominant performance in Friday's practice sessions suggests that he has got an excellent chance of breaking that streak. It was a different story for Hamilton, who seemed to struggle to find the right set-up for his car around the Hungaroring circuit. The Mercedes driver was unable to match the pace of his rivals and seemed to be struggling with the car's balance as the session progressed. Mercedes has been the team to beat this season, having won every race so far, but with Vettel showing such a strong performance, it remains to be seen if this dominance will continue. Valtteri Bottas, who is considered to be one of Mercedes' main challengers, finished third-fastest in the afternoon session in his Williams car, indicating that he could be a dark horse for success this weekend. All eyes will now be on Vettel and Red Bull to see if they can convert their impressive pace into results over the weekend. So far, it seems as if the German driver and his team are the ones to beat in what's set to be an exciting weekend of racing.