article: Stoke City have made an official complaint to the BBC after John Hartson said Victor Moses ‘cheated’ to win a penalty during Swansea’s defeat at the Britannia. The club are furious at the language used by Hartson, the former Wales striker, when assessing the encounter on Match of the Day 2 on Sunday night. Peter Coates, the Stoke chairman, branded Hartson’s comments ‘disgraceful’ and insisted Moses’s fall following contact from Angel Rangel warranted a spot-kick. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Garry Monk say Victor Moses should be ashamed of himself . Angel Rangel challenges Victor Moses at the Britannia Stadium to concede a penalty . Moses went over in the box as Stoke were awarded a penalty which Charlie Adam converted . Garry Monk, the Swansea manager, is expected to be charged by the FA on Tuesday for his enraged post-match statements and criticism of official Michael Oliver. ‘For John Hartson and Garry Monk to call Moses a cheat is disgraceful,’ said Coates. ‘He didn’t cheat, he’s not a cheat and we firmly believe those comments crossed the line. ‘I thought Mark Hughes dealt with the matter well after the game but when Hartson made his comments on the Sunday night we couldn’t let it go. ‘I’ve never heard such a more one-sided view from a pundit and there was a total lack of objectivity. Hartson is a big fan of Swansea and their manager and it showed. ‘We’ve made a complaint and we’ll have to see if we get any feedback from them. We’ve also asked the FA to keep us informed. There comes a time when you have to take a stand.’ John Hartson (right) said Moses had cheated and Stoke have now complained to the BBC .
highlights: Victor Moses won a penalty for Stoke during their win over Swansea . BBC pundit John Hartson alleged that Moses 'cheated' to win the spot kick . Stoke have now made an official complaint to the BBC . Swansea boss Garry Monk is expected to be charged by the FA . Monk was highly critical of referee Michael Oliver's performance .
id: 3fbb9fb682a48fb9d714ea6664878dd81e9f2e83
chatgpt: Stoke City was the victor in their game against Swansea City, with a final score of 2-1. However, the match was filled with controversy after the referee awarded a penalty to Stoke City following a foul on Victor Moses. BBC pundit John Hartson alleged that Moses 'cheated' to win the spot-kick, which Stoke City vehemently denied. The allegation prompted Stoke City to make an official complaint to the BBC. Meanwhile, Swansea City boss Garry Monk was also vocal in his criticism of the referee's performance during the match. He was reportedly unhappy with the penalty decision, and his frustration led to a verbal altercation with the referee. The Football Association (FA) is now expected to charge Monk with misconduct following his post-match comments about the referee. This incident highlights the ongoing debate surrounding the use of VAR (Video Assistant Referee) in football matches. The technology has been introduced in some leagues and competitions, but there are still calls for it to be used more widely to avoid controversies like this one. Stoke City's win has put them in eighth place in the Premier League, while Swansea City remain in the relegation zone in 18th place. The controversy surrounding the penalty award has overshadowed what was otherwise an entertaining and closely fought match. Both teams played with great intensity and showed their determination to win. Fans will now wait to hear the decision of the FA regarding Monk's comments and whether any further action will be taken concerning the penalty decision. Overall, it was a game of controversy and intrigue, leaving many fans with a sense of dissatisfaction with the referee's performance. As calls for VAR continue to grow, we can only hope that such controversies will be avoided in the future.