article: Caroline Wozniacki said she felt 'cursed' at Melbourne Park after losing in straight-sets to a resurgent Victoria Azarenka in the Australian Open second round on Thursday. The eighth-seeded Dane Wozniacki enjoyed making the semi-finals in 2011 but has since suffered diminishing returns in every trip to the year's first grand slam. She could certainly count herself unlucky to run into fellow former world number one Azarenka so early at Melbourne Park, the Belarusian floating like a mine in the draw, with no seeding and nothing to lose after an injury-blighted 2014. Caroline Wozniacki speaks to the press after losing to Victoria Azarenka in straight sets on Thursday . Wozniacki afterwards spoke of a curse she feels is over her after four bad years at the Australian Open . 'Obviously she feels great here,' Wozniacki told reporters of two-time champion Azarenka, who was a class above in the 6-4 6-2 win at Margaret Court Arena. 'I think it's a curse I've gotten here. I've made semis, then quarters (2012), then fourth round (2013), then third round (2014), this year second round. 'It's kind of gone that way the last few years. Hopefully I'm going to break that next year and start going the other way. 'I love this tournament and I'm so sad to be out already. Obviously it was a tough draw for both of us. But, you know, she came out on top and played better.' Azarenka pumps her fist after winning a point against Wozniacki in Melbourne on Thursday . Azarenka danced off court in celebration (left) after winning her second round match against Wozniacki . Wozniacki had worked hard to break back into the top 10 last year, reaching the final at the U.S. Open and raising hopes she might be able to compete with the likes of Serena Williams and Maria Sharapova after a couple of years in the wilderness. Instead, Australia gave her a crushing reality check and produced a familiar complaint that she had let herself be dominated by a hard-hitting opponent. 'In general, I think I did okay. But at the same time I felt like I let her dictate a little bit too much,' she said. 'She played cross-court, I played cross-court back. I let her dictate. I should have opened it up a little bit earlier and just tried to make her play my game. 'A loss is a loss. All losses suck. It doesn't feel fun to be here right now. 'I would rather completely suck and play terrible and win than play wonderfully and lose. I'm a competitor. It hurts to lose.' 'But it definitely feels much harder to lose this early as well.'
highlights: Caroline Wozniacki lost 6-4, 6-2 to Victoria Azarenka in Melbourne . The result means she crashed out of the Australian Open in round two . Wozniacki says she feels like she is cursed at the tournament after poor performances in 2012, 2013 and 2014 as well . She hopes to break the curse next year to go further in the competition . Click here for more tennis news .
id: 6186129eee76faf20f17fb79c7e553d4d7fe5123
chatgpt: Caroline Wozniacki’s hopes of a successful run at the Australian Open were dashed on Thursday when she lost 6-4, 6-2 to Victoria Azarenka in the second round of the tournament. The result meant that Wozniacki, a former world number one and the 2018 Australian Open runner-up, was eliminated from the competition early on. The defeat was clearly a bitter pill for the Dane to swallow, and she admitted after the match that she is beginning to feel like there is some kind of curse at work whenever she plays at the Australian Open. Wozniacki has now suffered poor performances in 2012, 2013, 2014, and 2020 at the tournament, and her latest defeat has only added to the sense of frustration. Speaking to reporters after the match, Wozniacki said, “I don't know, every time I come here something bad happens. It's kind of a bit of a curse. But at the same time, I'm going to try and break that curse.” Wozniacki’s loss to Azarenka was a closely contested affair, with the two players trading blows in the early stages of the match. However, Azarenka soon began to take control of proceedings, displaying her trademark aggressive play to break Wozniacki’s serve twice in the first set. Wozniacki fought back in the second set, but Azarenka’s dominance was too much to overcome. The Belarusian broke Wozniacki’s serve in the third game and again in the seventh game to take a commanding lead. Wozniacki managed to save a match point in the final game, but it was only a temporary reprieve, as Azarenka closed out the match moments later. Despite the defeat, there were still some positives for Wozniacki to take away from the match. She showcased some of her trademark defensive skills, often forcing Azarenka to hit extra shots to win a point. The defeat marks the end of Wozniacki’s illustrious career at the Australian Open, as she is set to retire after the tournament. She has been one of the most consistent players on the WTA tour for many years, and her absence will be keenly felt by fans of the sport. However, Wozniacki remains optimistic about her future, saying that she is excited to start the next chapter of her life. “I feel like I’m in a good place in my life,” she said. “I have a lot of things to look forward to off the court. It’s been an amazing ride, and I’m excited to see what the future holds.” For now, Wozniacki’s focus will be on breaking the curse of the Australian Open next year. She has the talent to go far in the competition, and if she can find a way to overcome the demons that have plagued her in the past, there may yet be more success in store for the Dane.