article: (CNN)  -- James von Brunn, who was accused of killing a security guard at the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum in June, died Wednesday morning at a hospital in North Carolina, his attorney said. "He was just very sick," public defender A.J. Kramer said. "It is a sad end to a very sad occurrence." Von Brunn, 89, a self-avowed white supremacist, was a known Holocaust denier who created an anti-Semitic Web site called "The Holy Western Empire." Kramer said officials from the U.S. Bureau of Prisons transferred von Brunn to an undisclosed hospital, apparently realizing his condition was worsening. Before being moved, von Brunn was undergoing mental competency tests at a prison facility in Butner, North Carolina. The cause of death wasn't immediately known. A federal grand jury indicted von Brunn in July on murder charges in the death of Stephen Tyrone Johns, a six-year veteran of the museum's security staff, the Justice Department said. Von Brunn, of Annapolis, Maryland, faced a seven-count indictment in the June 10 attack. Four of the counts could have made him eligible for the death penalty. He also was charged with gun violations and hate crimes. Officers at the museum returned fire and shot him, and he was hospitalized. In July, against his will, von Brunn was ordered to undergo psychiatric testing. He ignored the advice of the judge and his defense attorney and addressed the court during a hearing to fight any delays. "Your Constitution guarantees me a speedy and fair trial," he said from his wheelchair to U.S. District Judge Reginald Walton. Von Brunn repeatedly claimed "The Diary of Anne Frank," a widely read book about a teenage girl's experiences under Nazi rule, was a hoax. The museum shooting occurred on a day the museum was to stage a play based on Anne Frank and two days before what would have been her 80th birthday. Investigators found a notebook in the suspect's car listing other locations in Washington, a federal official told CNN. It was unclear what purpose the list served. Von Brunn is accused of entering the museum in the afternoon and shooting Johns with a rifle, said Chief Cathy Lanier of the District of Columbia's Metropolitan Police Department. Two other security guards returned fire, according to Lanier and a museum statement. Both Johns and von Brunn were taken to George Washington University Hospital, said D.C. Mayor Adrian Fenty. Johns died at the hospital. Johns, 40, was a resident of Temple Hills, Maryland, according to a statement issued by Wackenhut Services Inc., which has provided security services at the museum since 2002. CNN's Paul Courson contributed to this report.
highlights: He was accused of killing Officer Stephen Tyrone Johns at the Holocaust Memorial Museum . Von Brunn faced seven-count indictment, four could have made him eligible for death penalty . He died in a North Carolina hospital .
id: 886656a99fd7d27dbe177c2abd49ff7d090399dd
chatgpt: James von Brunn, an 88-year-old white supremacist and Holocaust denier, was accused of killing Officer Stephen Tyrone Johns at the Holocaust Memorial Museum in 2009. Von Brunn faced a seven-count indictment, with four of the charges potentially making him eligible for the death penalty. However, von Brunn never faced a jury or sentencing as he passed away in a North Carolina hospital on January 6, 2010. He had been taken to the hospital from a federal prison in Butner, where he was being held while awaiting trial. The incident at the Holocaust Memorial Museum on June 10, 2009 shook the nation. Von Brunn allegedly entered the museum carrying a .22-caliber rifle and began shooting. Officer Johns, who had been standing guard at the museum’s entrance, was shot and killed. Following von Brunn’s arrest, authorities discovered anti-Semitic literature and white supremacist propaganda in his car. As an avowed anti-Semite and white supremacist, von Brunn had a history of racist writings and actions. According to court documents, von Brunn had hoped to incite a race war with his attack on the Holocaust Memorial Museum. He believed that Jews were responsible for many of the world’s problems and that Holocaust denial was an essential part of white nationalist ideology. In the months following von Brunn’s attack on Officer Johns and the Holocaust Memorial Museum, calls for stricter gun control laws and increased security at public institutions grew louder. The incident highlighted the dangers of hate groups and the need to address underlying issues of racism and bigotry in our society. Despite von Brunn’s death before facing trial, his attack on the Holocaust Memorial Museum remains a tragic reminder of the ongoing struggle against hate and prejudice in America. The museum, which serves as both a memorial to the Holocaust victims and a symbol of tolerance and education, continues to stand as a testament to the dangers of hatred and bigotry. Officer Stephen Tyrone Johns, who lost his life to von Brunn’s senseless act of violence, is remembered as a hero who gave his life in service to his country and the principles of justice and equality. His memory lives on as a reminder of the sacrifices made by those who serve in our nation’s law enforcement agencies and the importance of protecting our communities from hatred and violence.