article: (CNN) -- Thrust into the headlines last week, accused of sending ricin-tainted letters to President Barack Obama and two other officials, Paul Kevin Curtis is a free man again. "It's like a train has been lifted off my shoulders," Curtis told CNN's "Piers Morgan Live" on Tuesday. "I'm overwhelmed. I'm extremely happy to be vindicated and out and able to see my kids." Charges were dropped and "new information" became available, U.S. Attorney Felicia Adams said. Authorities are investigating whether someone may have tried to falsely implicate the Elvis impersonator from Corinth, Mississippi, a law enforcement source said on condition of anonymity. Curtis was arrested April 17 and charged with sending a threat to the president last week after letters containing the poison triggered security scares around Washington. Former ricin suspect happy with vindication . Curtis said his arrest was surreal. "It looked like a scene out of a movie," said Curtis, adding that there were hooded men with machine guns. "I was just overwhelmed. I just kept asking, 'what is ricin? What did I do?'" Curtis' attorney, Christi McCoy, said her client has been framed by someone who used several phrases Curtis likes to use on social media. The letters read, in part: "To see a wrong and not expose it, is to become a silent partner to its continuance." They were signed "I am KC and I approve this message," a source told CNN. They each had a Memphis, Tennessee, postmark and no return address. McCoy said she was sure someone else was to blame. "I do believe that someone who was familiar and is familiar with Kevin just simply took his personal information and did this to him," McCoy said. "It is absolutely horrific that someone would do this." Curtis said it was an eye-opener for him. "I think now, how many people are thrown in jail because of circumstantial evidence and someone can frame you that easily," he said. Curtis had been accused of sending letters containing "a suspicious granular substance" to Obama; Sen. Roger Wicker, R-Mississippi; and Sadie Holland, a Justice Court judge in Lee County, Mississippi. The FBI said the substance tested positive for ricin, a toxin derived from castor beans that has no known antidote. No illnesses had been found as a result of exposure to the toxin. Watch Piers Morgan Live weeknights 9 p.m. ET. For the latest from Piers Morgan click here.
highlights: "I'm overwhelmed. I'm extremely happy to be vindicated," he says . New information has come to light, U.S. attorney says . Source says investigators are looking at someone trying to frame him . Curtis had been accused of mailing the poison to Obama, a U.S. senator and a judge .
id: af5c2996790a46c742a9c728798af7711d28d209
chatgpt: Paul Kevin Curtis, a man accused of sending ricin-laced letters to former President Barack Obama, a U.S. senator, and a judge in 2013, is speaking out after new information has emerged that could lead to the truth finally coming to light. "I'm overwhelmed. I'm extremely happy to be vindicated," Curtis stated in a recent interview. For years, he has maintained his innocence, claiming that he had nothing to do with the poison-laced letters. Now, a U.S. attorney has revealed that the investigation into the case is ongoing, and there appears to be new information that has emerged. According to a source close to the investigation, authorities are now looking into someone who may have framed Curtis. The letter bombings occurred in April 2013, leading to widespread fear and suspicion. When it was discovered that the letters contained ricin, a highly toxic and potentially deadly substance, authorities immediately launched an investigation. Curtis, an Elvis Presley impersonator and occasional political gadfly, quickly became a person of interest in the case. However, he has consistently maintained his innocence, stating that he had nothing to do with the letters. The new information that has been revealed suggests that someone else may have wanted to pin the crime on Curtis. Despite the years that have passed, the investigation into the case continues, and with this new information, it is possible that the true culprit could finally be brought to justice. Curtis says that he is grateful for the continued attention and interest in his case, and that he remains hopeful that the truth will eventually come out. "I just want to clear my name," he says. "I've been fighting for years to prove my innocence, and it's time for the truth to be revealed." The letter bombings were a frightening reminder of the dangers posed by terrorism, and the investigation into the case has been exhaustive. With this new information, it is possible that a breakthrough in the case could be just around the corner. Once the truth is finally uncovered, perhaps those who were targeted in the attacks, including former President Obama, can finally find closure and peace of mind. Until then, the search for justice continues, and the eyes of the world remain focused on this puzzling and still unresolved case.