article: Victims, including former firearms instructor Lewis Reynolds (above), were involuntarily sterilized by state officials in Virginia more than 30 years ago and will now be given $25,000 compensation each . Victims who were involuntarily sterilized by state officials more than 30 years ago  will be compensated. More than 7,000 people were permanently made infertile between 1924 and 1979 under the Virginia Eugenical Sterilization Act. The Act was widely accepted at the time and was even said to have partly inspired Adolf Hitler to create a master race in Germany. But now the 11 victims who are still alive will receive $25,000 in compensation, Virginia General Assembly decided on Thursday. Eugenics sought to improve the genetic composition of humankind by preventing those considered 'defective' from reproducing. One victim, Lewis Reynolds, was presumed to have epilepsy when he was 13-years-old and was taken to one of six state institutions to be treated. Decades later he discovered the fits were a temporary symptom after he was hit in the head with a rock - but the sterilization was permanent. The 87-year-old former firearms instructor, from Lynchburg, said: 'I think they've done me wrong. 'I couldn't have a family like everybody else does. They took my rights away.' Reynolds' first wife left him after she learned they couldn't have children. And although his marriage to second wife Delores lasted 47 years,  the couple would cry about their inability to have a family. The compensation measure was sponsored by Ben Cline, a conservative Republican from Rockbridge, and Patrick Hope, a liberal Democrat from Arlington. Mr Cline said: 'There was a growing consensus that we needed to act while we still had the opportunity to look these people in the eye and acknowledge the wrong that was committed against them so many years ago.' Ben Cline (above) attends the Virginia House of Delegates on Thursday as they approve a budget of $400,000 to compensate victims of involuntary sterilization . Mr Hope said: 'I think it's a recognition when we do something wrong we need to fix it as a government. 'Now we can close this final chapter and healing can begin.' Nearly 65,000 Americans were sterilized in 33 states, including more than 20,000 in California alone. One judge, Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr., said in 1927: 'Three generations of imbeciles are enough.' Virginia is the second state to approve compensation for victims of the eugenics program. North Carolina approved payments of $50,000 to around 1,800 victims in 2013.
highlights: More than 7,000 Virginians were made infertile between 1924 and 1979 . Program was accepted and partly inspired Hitler to create master race . Each victim will receive $25,000 compensation - but only 11 are alive .
id: d15f6cdb2929fb03aec76f18fa89a713aaa85f02
chatgpt: Virginia has agreed to pay $25,000 in compensation to more than 7,000 people who were forcibly sterilized between 1924 and 1979. The state had a long-running eugenics program that was accepted and partly inspired by Hitler's efforts to create a master race. Of the 7,000 victims, only 11 are still alive. Eugenics is the study of or belief in the possibility of improving the human race by selective breeding. In the early 20th century, this concept gained popularity throughout the Western world. In America, some states enacted eugenics laws that targeted those who were deemed "unfit" to reproduce. These included people with intellectual disabilities, mental illness, or those living in poverty. Virginia's eugenics program was originally established in 1924 and continued until 1979. During that time, more than 7,000 men and women were sterilized without their consent, effectively making them infertile. The program was begun as a way to improve the overall genetic stock of the population, similar to the way farmers selectively breed animals for desired traits. Sadly, Virginia's eugenics program was accepted and partly inspired by Nazi Germany's efforts to create a master race. In fact, Virginia's program was one of the most aggressive in America, and was even used as a model for other states to follow. While Virginia's eugenics program was operated by the state, it was partially funded by private organizations, including the Rockefeller Foundation. Some experts believe that this funding helped to legitimize the program and may have contributed to its longevity. Victims of Virginia's eugenics program will now receive $25,000 in compensation each. However, of the 7,000 victims, only 11 are still alive. Some families of victims have been fighting for compensation for decades, and are grateful that their loved ones are finally being recognized. It is important to note that forced sterilization has a shameful place in American history. From 1907 to 1980, over 60,000 people were forcibly sterilized in America, many of them without their knowledge or consent. While Virginia is taking steps to make amends for its eugenics program, many other states have yet to do so. The legacy of eugenics lives on in the United States, and is a dark chapter in the nation's history. It is important that we continue to educate ourselves about this issue and work to ensure that such atrocities are never allowed to happen again.