article: By . Tamara Cohen . PUBLISHED: . 22:48 EST, 18 February 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 03:25 EST, 19 February 2013 . Reform: Police Minister Damian Green will announce reforms for fast-track justice in cases for driving and shoplifting offences . Criminals are waiting so long to go to court because of ‘shocking’ delays in the justice system that they commit more crimes, the Police Minister will warn today. Damian Green will announce reforms for fast-track justice in cases for driving and shoplifting offences, which are usually tried in a magistrates’ court. He said the chronic inefficiencies in the justice system – with 44 per cent of criminal cases failing to go ahead on the scheduled day – would provoke a ‘national outcry’ in any other sector such as health. Mr Green puts ‘unforgivable’ delays in the system down to a ‘blame culture’ in which police, courts and the Crown Prosecution Service failed to take responsibility. ‘Nobody involved in the system finds it shocking, because that’s just the way it is. ‘Actually, with a completely fresh pair of eyes, this is shocking, this is not acceptable. Delay cause extra crime.’ Mr Green said drug addicts caught shoplifting to fees their habit receive no treatment while awaiting trial for up to six months, and may commit further crimes. 'The faster you can get it through, the more likely you are to have gone through the system, be put on probation and these days hopefully to be put on a drug rehabilitation programme which will stop you needing to shoplift in the first place', he said. 'That's a direct link between a more efficient system and a system that actually helps cut crime.' The failings in justice justice system today reminded him of those described by Charles Dickens in his novel Bleak House, he told the Daily Telegraph. Blame: Mr Green puts 'unforgivable' delays in the system down to a 'blame culture' in which police, courts and the Crown Prosecution Service failed to take responsibility . 'The world has moved on and got indescribably faster since the mid-19th century but some parts of the criminal justice system are not keeping pace,' he said. Mr Green is expected to call for longer hours of operation for magistrates’ courts to get through a backlog of cases, as occurred during the criminal cases that followed the London riots in 2011. However campaign groups have said this is not the best way to reform inefficiencies in the system, as some delays are down to waiting for the police to investigate cases. Mr Green said a new criminal justice board would be set up to get senior judges, the police, prosecutors and the courts talking to one another. He added that getting cases to court more quickly would encourage witnesses to come forward. Javed Khan, of Victim Support, said victims would welcome moves to 'reduce needless bureaucracy and time wasting' across the system.
highlights: Damian Green will announce plans for driving and shoplifting offences . 44 per cent of criminal cases failing to go ahead on the scheduled day . Police Minister said inefficiencies would provoke a 'national outcry' in other sectors .
id: 9b4fbeb5caca2b71c59d5bbb37700fb558cc2f86
chatgpt: Damian Green, the Secretary of State for Justice, is set to unveil plans aimed at addressing the rising cases of shoplifting and driving offences across the country. These proposals come after it was revealed that a staggering 44% of criminal cases are failing to proceed on their scheduled day, resulting in both financial and emotional costs for victims, witnesses and defendants. Green's announcement comes as he prepares to give a speech at the annual police conference in Bournemouth. The conference is expected to be attended by police forces across the country, as well as representatives from the Home Office and other law enforcement agencies. In his speech, Green is expected to acknowledge the growing concerns over delays in the criminal justice system, and the debilitating effect this inefficiency is having on victims and witnesses. He will also warn that such inefficiencies would provoke a "national outcry" in other sectors. Green will also announce plans aimed at cracking down on shoplifting offences. This move comes after reports revealed that shoplifting had increased by around 8% in the past year alone. The proposals are expected to include stricter penalties for offenders, as well as better training for police and security guards. The government is also expected to work more closely with retailers to fight this growing problem. The issue of driving offences is also expected to feature prominently in Green's speech. Dangerous driving, driving under the influence of drugs or alcohol, and speeding are some of the most common driving offences that cause harm and fatalities across the country. The government is expected to take a hardline approach to these offences, with proposals to increase the punishments for dangerous driving, including life imprisonment for the most serious cases. These proposals are aimed at sending a strong message to those who commit such offences that they will face severe consequences for their actions. This, in turn, is expected to act as a deterrent for others, and thus reduce the number of such offences taking place. The move by the government comes as part of a wider effort to improve efficiency in the criminal justice system. This will involve measures such as greater use of technology to speed up proceedings, and better case management systems to reduce delays. Green's proposals have been welcomed by many in the law enforcement community, who believe that the measures will help to restore public confidence in the criminal justice system. However, some have expressed concerns about the potential cost of the proposals, and whether they will be effective in reducing the number of cases that fail to proceed on the scheduled day. Overall, however, Green's proposals are seen as a step in the right direction, and a much-needed move towards addressing the inefficiencies in the criminal justice system. It is hoped that the measures will help to reduce the number of shoplifting and driving offences, ultimately leading to a safer and more secure society for everyone.