article: British company Rolls-Royce has been accused of being involved in a multi-billion-dollar bribery scheme engulfing Brazil's state-owned oil producer. The engineering firm, a supplier of gas turbines for Petrobras oil platforms, allegedly paid bribes via an agent in exchange for a $100million (£65m) contract. Rolls-Royce said it had not received details of the allegations from the authorities, but added that it 'did not tolerate improper business conduct'. Allegations: British company Rolls-Royce has been accused of being involved in a multi-billion-dollar bribery scheme that is engulfing Brazil's state-owned oil producer Petrobras . Claims: The engineering firm, a supplier of gas turbines for Petrobras oil platforms like the one pictured, allegedly paid bribes in exchange for a $100million (£65m) contract . The company was named in court documents by former Petrobras executive Pedro Barusco who told police he personally received $200,000 (£135,000) from Rolls-Royce. He claims bribes were also paid to a ring of politicians and other bosses at the oil giant, it was reported by the Financial Times, which cited documents released by Brazil's federal court system. Petrobras is engulfed in a widening corruption scandal, in which billions of dollars were allegedly paid by companies in bribes to win contracts from the Brazilian firm. A spokesman for Rolls-Royce told MailOnline: 'We have not received details of the allegations made in recent press reports, nor have we been approached by the authorities in Brazil. 'We have always been clear that we will not tolerate improper business conduct of any sort and will take all necessary action to ensure compliance, including co-operating with authorities in any country.' Rolls-Royce responded to the allegations by saying that it did not tolerate improper business conduct . Shares in Rolls-Royce were down 1.1 per cent at 934.8 pence by 9.12am GMT, lagging Britain's bluechip index which was down 0.1 per cent. The company, the world's second-largest maker of aircraft engines, is also under investigation by Britain's Serious Fraud Office (SFO) into concerns of possible bribery and corruption in China and Indonesia, in a probe which dates back to 2012. Meanwhile, mounting allegations that Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff's party received hundreds of millions of dollars in the  scandal engulfing Petrobras have sent her poll ratings tumbling. Rousseff only embarked on a second term in office last month, having succeeded popular Workers Party (PT) predecessor Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva in 2011.
highlights: British firm was named in court documents by former Petrobras executive . Pedro Barusco claims he was personally paid £135,000 by Rolls-Royce . He also alleges firm paid bribes to ring of politicians and other executives . Rolls-Royce: 'We will not tolerate improper business conduct of any sort'
id: e69363df4d71bb54f43d66df3f89887d256074cf
chatgpt: British engineering company Rolls-Royce has been named in court documents by former Petrobras executive, Pedro Barusco. In the documents, Barusco claims that he was personally paid £135,000 by Rolls-Royce, and also that the firm paid bribes to a ring of politicians and other executives. The allegations come as part of Operation Car Wash, the ongoing investigation into corruption at the Brazilian state-owned oil company Petrobras. Barusco, who was in charge of procurement at Petrobras, has already testified in the case and received a reduced sentence in exchange for his cooperation. According to court documents seen by the Financial Times, Barusco claimed that between 2006 and 2008, Rolls-Royce paid bribes to secure contracts with Petrobras. He alleged that the company used intermediaries to make the payments, and that the money was then distributed to politicians and other officials within Petrobras. Rolls-Royce has denied the allegations, saying in a statement: "We do not tolerate improper business conduct of any sort and we strongly refute these allegations." The company added that it is cooperating with the authorities and conducting its own investigation into the matter. This is not the first time that Rolls-Royce has been implicated in corruption scandals. In 2017, the company agreed to pay £671m to settle corruption allegations involving the UK Serious Fraud Office, the US Department of Justice, and Brazilian authorities. The company has since implemented a number of measures to prevent corruption, including the appointment of a new chief ethics and compliance officer, and the introduction of an ethics hotline for whistleblowers. The latest allegations against Rolls-Royce come amid a wave of corruption investigations in Brazil, which have implicated dozens of politicians, executives, and officials. Operation Car Wash has uncovered a vast system of bribery and kickbacks involving Petrobras and its suppliers, which is estimated to have cost the company billions of dollars. The investigation has also had wider political implications, leading to the impeachment of Brazil's former president, Dilma Rousseff, and the arrest of her successor, Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva. The scandal has shaken Brazil's political establishment and raised questions about the country's ability to tackle corruption.