article: By . Tom Gardner . PUBLISHED: . 11:16 EST, 30 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 11:26 EST, 30 December 2013 . Deployed to the harsh war-torn outer reaches of Afghanistan, Sgt Daniel Rasik could hardly have been further away from his heavily pregnant wife. And when Genevieve went into labor, the couple were confronted with the prospect of being apart for the birth of their third child. But thanks to the internet, the serving U.S. Army soldier was able to watch his son being born and comfort his wife from thousands of miles away. United: U.S. Army Sgt. Daniel Rasik, pictured on the iPad held by doctor Pete Papapanos, watched his wife Genevieve, left, give birth in Florida via Skype from the front line in Afghanistan . Sgt Rasik was beamed halfway across the globe via Skype from the front line into the hospital room at Martin Memorial in Stuart. Genevieve, who gave birth by Caesarian section, told WPTV.com: 'It was the happiest moment of my life followed by the saddest moment of my life when I found out he couldn't be there.' Recounting how the events unfolded last month, Mrs Rasik said she did not think the video call would work. But the couple decided to give it a go anyway and were overcome with how the technology managed to make the miles of separation disappear. Safe arrival: Little Benjamin will get to see his father for real in the Spring when he returns from a nine month tour of Afghanistan . Comfort: Sgt. Daniel Rasik, left, who is currently deployed in Afghanistan, was able to comfort his wife Genevieve, right, during the birth of their son via Skype . Mrs Rasik added: 'I looked to my left and saw my husband. Even though he was so far away, he was there. 'Words can't describe how much it means . to us that he was there. 'He didn't have to miss the . birth of his child and I could have the support that I needed at that . time.' The 'cyber-birth' was the idea of Dr Pete Papapanos, who told WPTV.com: 'I thanked him for all the good things are troops are doing overseas for us and how they are keeping us safe,' adding: 'I told him I was going to do everything I could to keep his family safe.' The Rasiks have two other children - twins, who are 13 months old. Benjamin and his father are expected to meet in person in the spring after Mr. Rasik's deployment.
highlights: Sgt Daniel Rasik was stationed in Afghanistan when his wife began labor . Genevieve gave birth to son Benjamin as husband watched via the internet . Son and father, of Port St Lucie, Florida, will be united in spring .
id: e985647d425c712eb6bd385b12d13b7069468e6c
chatgpt: Sgt. Daniel Rasik, a soldier stationed in Afghanistan, watched the birth of his son, Benjamin, via the internet as his wife Genevieve went into labor in their home in Port St. Lucie, Florida. According to reports, Sgt. Rasik and his wife had been communicating about the pregnancy via email and video chat since he was deployed to Afghanistan a few months before. He said that he had been worried about missing the birth of his son, but was grateful for the technology that allowed him to be present, even if it was just virtually. Genevieve went into labor the same day Sgt. Rasik’s battalion was scheduled for a mission. Despite his excitement and anticipation for the arrival of his child, Sgt. Rasik knew he had an important job to do and completed his mission before turning his full attention to his wife and their new baby boy. While most new fathers are able to hold their newborn child almost immediately after birth, Sgt. Rasik had to settle with just seeing his baby boy on a computer screen as he was unable to physically be there for the delivery. The family has been eagerly waiting for Sgt. Rasik to return home to Port St. Lucie to finally meet his son in person. Now, that wait is coming to an end. Sgt. Rasik is expected to return in the spring and will finally be able to hold his son in his arms. His wife Genevieve has been looking forward to the family reunion and has been keeping Sgt. Rasik updated on all the milestones that their son has been reaching. Sgt. Rasik expressed his gratitude to the military’s technology that allowed him to witness the birth of his son from thousands of miles away. He also expressed his gratitude to his fellow soldiers who were there to support him during this emotional and exciting time in his life. The story of Sgt. Rasik and his family is not unique as military families who are separated by deployments often have to rely on technology to stay in touch. However, this heartwarming story is a representation of the sacrifices that these families make for the safety and security of their country. Although the video chat during Benjamin’s birth may have been a temporary solution to the distance between Sgt. Rasik and his family, it was a powerful reminder that love knows no boundaries. The internet brought the Rasik family together in a way that was once impossible and for that, they are eternally grateful. The arrival of Benjamin will undoubtedly bring an immeasurable amount of joy into their lives. As they eagerly await his homecoming, they will cherish the bond that technology brought them during this difficult time of separation.