article: LOS ANGELES, California (CNN) -- It's no secret that "American Idol" judge Simon Cowell often shows no mercy toward aspiring singers. Quirky, tattooed contestant Megan Joy Corkrey discovered that Wednesday night during the elimination round on the popular singing competition. Megan Joy said she and Simon Cowell remain on good terms. Megan Joy, who dropped her last name, told Cowell that she "didn't really care" about his criticisms of her Tuesday night performance of Bob Marley's "Turn The Lights Down Low," which he described as "boring, indulgent and monotonous." Those comments sealed the 23-year-old single mother's fate. Host Ryan Seacrest asked Cowell if he would be using the "save" rule in Megan's case. Cowell demurred: "Megan, with the greatest respect, when you said that you don't care -- nor do we. So I'm not going to pretend that we're even going to contemplate saving you," replied Cowell. "I don't care that Simon didn't like that song," Joy said in an interview with CNN on Friday. "I truly didn't and I still don't. I still loved it, I sang it the way I wanted to."  Watch what CNN's Michelle Wright said about Megan Joy » . Despite all the bickering, Joy says that she and Cowell remain on good terms. After Wednesday's program, she says they both laughed and he told her that he enjoyed watching her.  Watch what CNN's Lisa Respers France thought of performance » . Furthermore, the self-described "dork" says her "American Idol" experience has opened new doors to her future. "Before all this competition, I thought I was just going to be a stay-at-home mom," Joy said. "Now, I am interested to see all sorts of different things I could possibly try and dabble. ... I'm excited to just see what's out there." And those bizarre moments onstage Wednesday when she flapped her arms and squawked like a bird? Joy says that's just her personality. "I do a lot of sound effects all the time, bird noises, animal noises," she said. "Wednesday, I kind of had a feeling it was going to be me ... so I decided that I'm just going to be myself and be silly out there."
highlights: Megan Joy dropped from "American Idol" on Wednesday night . She had dismissed judge Simon Cowell's criticism; Cowell dismissed her . Joy says "Idol" has opened up new worlds for her .
id: 899df0fd859b4c43b75d25482bcd471d93911b0c
chatgpt: On Wednesday night's episode of "American Idol," Megan Joy faced elimination from the competition. The vibrant singer with a unique style had previously dismissed judge Simon Cowell's harsh criticism, but unfortunately, it seems that Cowell was not so forgiving in his evaluations of her performances. Ultimately, Joy was sent home, bringing a close to her time on the hit singing competition. Despite being eliminated from the show, Joy remained upbeat and positive about her experience on "American Idol." In a post-show interview, she expressed gratitude for the platform that the competition had given her, saying that the show had opened up new worlds for her and allowed her to explore her musical style. Joy's unique voice and style had earned her a passionate fanbase on "American Idol," with many viewers drawn to her free-spirited personality and daring fashion choices. However, she never quite managed to win over Cowell, who had been critical of her performances throughout the competition. While many fans had hoped that Joy would make it to the final stages of the competition, it seems that her journey on "American Idol" has ended prematurely. However, the singer remains optimistic about her future in the music industry and looks forward to exploring new opportunities in the coming months. As for Cowell, it is unknown how he feels about Joy's elimination from the show. Throughout his time on "American Idol," the acerbic judge had been known for his harsh criticism of contestants, and Joy was no exception. However, despite the tough feedback she received from Cowell, Joy remained true to her own artistic vision and continued to perform with confidence and enthusiasm. For viewers of "American Idol," Megan Joy's elimination marks the end of an era. Her unique voice and style will be missed by fans of the show, but her spirit and positivity will continue to inspire aspiring musicians around the world. As for Joy, she looks forward to new adventures and exciting opportunities in the music industry, ready to tackle whatever challenges come her way with the same fearless attitude that impressed audiences on "American Idol."