article: Baghdad (CNN) -- Two car bombs targeted Shiite pilgrims Saturday in Baghdad, killing at least 32 people and injuring 68 others, police said. The bombs detonated as a religious commemoration for Imam Moussa al-Kadhim, one of the 12 revered Shiite imams, was winding down in the northwestern Baghdad neighborhood of Kadhimiya. One bomb exploded near a bus station in the Shulaa neighborhood, where dozens of pilgrims were waiting for buses home after attending the commemoration. At least 14 people were killed and another 32 were wounded. A second bomb went off in Sanaa Square killing 18 more people and wounding 36 . The car bombs followed a wave of attacks Wednesday that targeted pilgrims headed to Baghdad and killed at least 93 people. Another 100 were injured in what amounted to the the deadliest day of the year in Iraq. Rising death tolls from bombings make for deadly days in Iraq . The Islamic State of Iraq, an al-Qaeda-linked group, claimed responsibility for Wednesday's attacks. Its statement called the Shiites "satanic" and vowed to avenge losses suffered by Sunnis in Iraq. Shiites form a majority in Iraq but for years they were dominated by minority Sunnis empowered by Iraqi ruler Saddam Hussein. The U.S. invasion of 2003 ousted Hussein and elevated Shiites to positions of power but the war also fanned longtime tensions between the two groups. Many feared hostilities would explode into protracted civil war, though the violence had ebbed by the time the last U.S. soldiers exited Iraq in December 2011. However, militant Sunnis have not stopped attacking Shiite pilgrims and the scale of this week's attacks sparked fears of renewed violence on levels of the past. Iraqi security forces tightened their security measures Saturday in and around Baghdad to protect pilgrims flocking to Imam Moussa al-Kadhim's shrine. Many began their treks days ago, traveling on foot from the Shiite heartland in southern Iraq and other far-flung places. Follow the updates on CNN's Security Clearance blog .
highlights: Two car bombs exploded as a commemoration for a Shiite imam was winding down . One bomb targeted pilgrims waiting at a bus station to go home . An al Qaeda-linked group claims responsibility for attacks a few days ago . The latest incidents have sparked fears of renewed sectarian violence .
id: 9972998d67f12338445c75321c52e8abc9254f23
chatgpt: Two car bombs have exploded in Baghdad, killing at least 10 people and injuring dozens of others. The first bomb went off near a bus station where Shiite pilgrims were waiting to go home after commemorating the death of a revered imam. The second explosion happened outside a Sunni mosque in the city. The attacks have been claimed by an al-Qaida linked group, which has also claimed responsibility for a series of attacks in the city over the past few days. These incidents have raised fears of renewed sectarian violence in the country. The first bomb went off at around 10:30 am local time. According to witnesses, the bomb targeted a group of pilgrims who had just finished paying their respects to Imam Ali al-Hadi. The area was crowded with people at the time of the explosion, and many were caught in the blast. Local authorities have confirmed that at least seven people were killed and 40 others were injured in the attack. The second bomb went off about an hour later, outside a Sunni mosque in the Dora district of the city. At least three people were killed and several others were injured. The al-Qaida linked group, known as the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL), has claimed responsibility for the attacks. The group has been behind a series of attacks in the city in recent days, including a car bombing that killed at least six people on Saturday. The latest incidents have sparked fears of renewed sectarian violence in the country. Sectarian tensions have been on the rise in Iraq since the withdrawal of US troops at the end of 2011. The country has witnessed a series of deadly bombings in recent months, increasing fears of a return to the sectarian violence that plagued the country between 2006 and 2008. The government has vowed to track down those responsible for the attacks and to bring them to justice. However, many Iraqis remain skeptical about the government's ability to provide security in the country. With the country's political crisis worsening, and tensions between the various ethnic and religious groups on the rise, the future of Iraq looks increasingly uncertain.