article: (CNN) -- Roger Federer is having his worst season on the tennis tour since he became a grand slam champion. He suffered his earliest grand slam exit in a decade and has slipped to seventh in the world rankings. For the first time since 2002, he didn't reach a grand slam final. His coach, Paul Annacone, appears to have paid the price for the slump as Federer announced Saturday that he had cut ties with the American who used to work with 14-time major winner Pete Sampras and ex British No. 1 Tim Henman. Annacone's ties to Sampras and Henman contributed to Federer hiring him in the first place, since the 17-time grand slam winner is friends with both former players. "When we started together we had a vision of a 3 year plan to win another grand slam title and get back to the number #1 ranking," Federer wrote on his website. "Along with many other goals and great memories, these 2 main goals were achieved. "After numerous conversations culminating at the end of our most recent training block, we felt like this was the best time and path for both of us. "Paul remains a dear friend, and we both look forward to continuing our friendship. I want to thank Paul for his help and the value he has added to me and my team." It's likely that Federer will continue to work with Swiss Davis Cup captain Severin Luethi, who often accompanies him to tournaments, as he tries to earn a spot at the year-end championships in London. Federer is by no means guaranteed a berth in the eight-man field and his chances weren't helped when he lost to Gael Monfils in the third round of this week's Shanghai Masters. Afterwards, Monfils said Federer's aura was fading. "I think he (misses) a little bit more than he used to,'' he said. ''I know he will try and go for his shot, but maybe he is a bit less confident.'' Federer said on the eve of the tournament he was looking forward to a "great" 2014 and his decision to split with Annacone suggests he is indeed determined to win another major rather than simply linger in the top 10. His next event is at home in Basel, Switzerland in a little over a week.
highlights: Roger Federer announces that he has cut ties with American coach Paul Annacone . Federer said on his website that the two decided it was time "to move on" The 32-year-old Swiss and Annacone worked together for about 3 1/2 years . Federer is having his worst season in 10 years and has slipped to seventh in the world .
id: d0a5dd6470a54998fb041ae2403244fac5fba7d8
chatgpt: Roger Federer, the Swiss tennis legend and winner of 20 Grand Slam titles, has parted ways with his long-time coach Paul Annacone, according to an announcement on Federer's website. Federer, who has been struggling with his form recently, said: "After a lot of thought, and with mutual agreement, Paul and I have decided to move on from our professional relationship. Having served together for a 3 1/2 years, we decided it was time to change direction." Annacone joined Federer's coaching team in 2010, and the partnership led to some fantastic results, including seven titles and a return to the number one ranking in 2012. However, this year has been a challenging one for Federer, who has slipped to seventh in the world rankings, his lowest position in a decade. Federer made assurances that the decision was not based on any personal issues with Annacone. "I want to thank Paul for his hard work, friendship, and the invaluable knowledge he has given me over these past years. I have nothing but respect for him and wish him all the very best as he focuses on his own career." Anncone, who is a former player himself, is highly respected in the tennis world and has also worked with legendary players such as Pete Sampras and Tim Henmen. Speaking about his time with Federer, Annacone said: "The past 3 1/2 years have been an incredible journey, and it has been an honor to work with one of the greatest players of all time. I have nothing but the deepest respect for Roger, and I wish him all the best as he moves forward." The news of Federer's decision to cut ties with Annacone has left many fans and experts wondering who will be the next coach to work with the Swiss superstar. Federer has yet to announce any plans regarding the next coach, but there is no doubt that the tennis world will be watching closely to see who he selects. Despite the recent struggles, Federer's legacy as one of the greatest players in the history of the sport is secure. He has inspired countless fans with his grace, skill, and sportsmanship, and his impact on the game will be felt for generations to come. As he moves forward into the next phase of his career, fans around the world are cheering him on and eagerly anticipating his next triumph.