article: Legendary actor Robert Mitchum was known as a tough guy, but even he might not have had the stomach for U.S. politics, as son Chris Mitchum is now learning. The younger Mitchum has accused his opponent in a Southern California congressional race of running 'deceptive' campaign ads that twist his words. Mitchum is squaring off against longtime Democrat incumbent Rep. Lois Capps. Scroll down for video . Congressional candidate Chris Mitchum has accused his opponent in a Southern California congressional race of running 'deceptive' campaign ads that twist his words . He previously ran for office as a Republican in 2012 but did not get beyond the primary voters. Fox News says Capps' campaign pulled the ad after a call from Mitchum's lawyers. The ad shows Mitchum apparently telling an interviewer that he doesn't 'intend to got to Washington to represent the 24th District.' The video then cuts to Capps approving the message. Capps' camp maintains the clip is a fair representation of Mitchum's philosophy. which doesn't make the district's residents top priority . However Mitchum's appearance is part of a longer clip where he says he doesn't want to go to Washington 'to bring back baseball fields. That's not why I'm going.' Tab Berg, a representative from Mitchum's campaign, calls it 'deceptive' editing. 'The Capps campaign pulled the ad quietly, and tried to tell reporters that it had nothing to do with getting caught,' he said. 'Capps neglected to respond to the media about the issue, and in fact has been a no-show at five debates planned by community groups.' Mitchum has also countered the ad with a 'Truth' online fundraising effort centered on the clip. Mitchum is squaring off against longtime Democrat incumbent Rep. Lois Capps . Mitchum laughs as he says: 'When it comes to Lois Capps' campaign, you can't believe anything they say.' However Capps' camp maintains the clip is a fair representation of Mitchum's philosophy. which doesn't make the district's residents top priority. 'My boss, on the other hand, has consistently advocated for the central coast,' spokesman Chris Meagher said of Capps. Mitchum has a narrow 41.5-40.8 lead over Capps in the polls.
highlights: Mitchum is squaring off against longtime Democrat incumbent Rep. Lois Capps . The ad shows Mitchum apparently telling an interviewer that he doesn't 'intend to got to Washington to represent the 24th District' Mitchum says the appearance is part of a longer clip where he makes a point about pet projects .
id: 739e31f38496b5fd571d5361afb7485ca08e8aee
chatgpt: In the upcoming congressional elections, Republican candidate Chris Mitchum is challenging incumbent Democratic Representative Lois Capps for California's 24th congressional district. The race has heated up in recent days with the release of an attack ad against Mitchum that suggests he has no intention of representing the district if he is elected. The ad features an interview clip of Mitchum apparently saying, "I don't intend to got to Washington to represent the 24th District." This statement seems to imply that Mitchum is not committed to serving his constituents, but instead has his own agenda. However, Mitchum has fired back, claiming that the clip was taken out of context. In a statement, Mitchum said, "The appearance in the ad is part of a longer clip where I make a point about pet projects. The ad is intentionally misleading and takes my words out of context." Mitchum's supporters say that he has a track record of serving his community through various philanthropic endeavors and that he is committed to representing the 24th District if elected. The attack ad has drawn criticism from both sides of the aisle. Some Democrats have accused Mitchum of being disingenuous, while some Republicans have criticized the ad as being unfair and misleading. Representative Capps, who has held the seat since 1998, has not yet commented on the ad. However, she has been running a fierce campaign, touting her experience and accomplishments in Congress. The 24th District is a hotly contested battleground in this year's election, with both parties pouring significant resources into the race. The district encompasses parts of Santa Barbara and San Luis Obispo counties and has a large and diverse population. As the November election draws closer, voters in the 24th District will have to decide which candidate they believe is best suited to represent their interests in Congress. The attack ad against Mitchum is just one example of the heated rhetoric and intense campaigning that is underway in the race.