article: The world's very first space detective agency has been launched in a bid to settle disputes in court with the use of satellite images. Satellite imaging specialist Professor Raymond Harris and space lawyer Raymond Purdy have teamed up to form new company Air & Space Evidence Ltd of London. The firm, of which both are named as directors, will enable members of the public to successfully obtain and use authentic satellite imagery to stand up a court case. Scroll down for video . The world's first space detective agency - Air & Space Evidence Ltd of London - has been launched by  space experts in a bid to provide satellite images to criminal and civil court cases. Pictured: Satellite image of London . From domestic disputes between homeowners to murder investigations, the space detectives will be able to provide satellite images for any given case. Mr Purdy, 41, who said the agency's services won't cost much more than having a property surveyed, said most of the detectives' work will involve providing and analysing images taken by orbiting satellites. However, in some cases where images with greater resolution are needed, they also plan to use aerial photos from drones. Mr Purdy told New Scientist: 'Trials have been collapsing because courts cannot be convinced of the authenticity of image data. 'We can make a difference by ensuring space images have audit trails that stand up,' The pair will draw upon their expertise in commissioning space images and their familiarity with space image suppliers like Digital Globe of Longmont in Colorado for their work. Mr Harris added: 'Because it is always possible to modify a digital image, you need strong archiving procedures plus information on when it was captured and what happened to it subsequently. We know how to do that.' Satellite imaging specialist Raymond Harris and space lawyer Raymond Purdy have teamed up to form the new company which will enable the public to obtain and use authentic satellite imagery to stand up a court case . He said that as well as major civil and criminal investigations, the agency will also be able to help with fraud cases, waste and environment issues and illegal activity. Private investigator Paul Champion, who is based in Cardiff, described the new company as an 'innovative idea'. Mr Champion, who is also a governor of the Association of British Investigators, told New Scientist: 'Investigators will really welcome the ability to identify when an incident occurred using before and after satellite or aerial images.'
highlights: World's first space detective firm launched to help civil and criminal disputes . Satellite imaging specialist and space lawyer have teamed up for new agency . Raymond Harris and Raymond Purdy have started Air & Space Evidence Ltd . Company to provide authentic satellite imagery to help stand up court cases . Services said to cost 'not much more than cost of having a house surveyed'
id: 53e8430148fba8e193639b393a6f91d363aa61bd
chatgpt: Air & Space Evidence Ltd, the world's first space detective firm, has been launched by satellite imaging specialist Raymond Harris and space lawyer Raymond Purdy. The company aims to help civil and criminal disputes by providing authentic satellite imagery to help stand up court cases. The use of satellite imagery in legal cases is not new, but it is usually a costly and inefficient process. Air & Space Evidence Ltd aims to change that. The services offered by the firm are said to cost "not much more than the cost of having a house surveyed." This affordable option will make the use of satellite imagery accessible to more people and play a significant role in litigation. Raymond Harris, co-founder of Air & Space Evidence Ltd, said, "We want to democratize access to space data and bring it to the masses. The use of satellite imagery can be a game-changer in many legal cases, and we believe it should be available to everyone, not just those who can afford it." The company's satellite imagery experts have decades of experience in analyzing data from orbiting satellites. Space lawyer Raymond Purdy has worked on high profile cases involving space debris, satellite launches, and space tourism. The combination of their expertise will enable Air & Space Evidence Ltd to provide accurate and reliable evidence in legal cases. The company's services will be available to law firms, insurance companies, government agencies, and corporations. It will help them gather evidence related to property disputes, environmental issues, insurance claims, and other legal matters. Air & Space Evidence Ltd's satellite imagery experts can analyze images taken from almost any location, including remote and inaccessible areas. The company's authentic satellite imagery will offer significant benefits over conventional data sources such as street view images and aerial photographs. The images taken by satellites can offer a clearer and more detailed view of the area in question. Furthermore, satellite images offer a comprehensive view of a location as opposed to street view images which offer a limited perspective. The launch of Air & Space Evidence Ltd comes at an opportune time when more disputes are turning to space-based evidence. Air & Space Evidence is sure to take advantage of this trend and offer its expert services in this increasingly important field. In conclusion, Air & Space Evidence Ltd has become the world's first space detective firm that aims to make the use of satellite imagery accessible to more people. It is expected to provide reliable and accurate satellite imagery to help stand up legal cases at an affordable cost. With the combination of satellite imaging specialist Raymond Harris and space lawyer Raymond Purdy, the new agency is sure to create a significant impact in current and future litigation.