article: (CNN) -- Manchester United were dealt a serious blow Tuesday as captain and key central defender Nemanja Vidic was ruled out for at least two months with a knee problem. The Serbian star missed the final five months of last season after rupturing his cruciate ligament and a fresh problem has emerged on the same knee. "Nemanja Vidic has had a meniscus operation on his right knee and will be out for around eight weeks," read a statement on the club's official website. The new injury setback for the 31-year-old could not have come at a more unfavorable time for the English Premier League giants, who are also missing a number of key defenders ahead of vital league and Champions League clashes. England internationals Phil Jones and Chris Smalling are currently sidelined, the former with the same problem as Vidic, leaving manager Alex Ferguson with only two fit regular central defenders. That includes Jonny Evans, who picked up a minor injury in the 2-1 victory over Liverpool at Anfield Sunday which left United in second place in the early standings. United's neighbors and EPL champions Manchester City suffered a shock 4-2 home defeat Tuesday to Aston Villa in the English League Cup. City were twice ahead through Mario Balotelli and Aleksandar Kolarov, but two goals from Gabriel Agbonlahor, allied to an own goal from Gareth Barry and an extra time strike from Charles N'Zogbia saw Villa into the fourth round. Meanwhile, league leaders Chelsea continued their fine start to the domestic campaign with a thumping 6-0 home win over second-flight Wolves. John Terry, who quit the England captaincy just ahead of his FA hearing into charges that he made a racial slur in an EPL match last season, lined up for the match at Stamford Bridge. Gary Cahill put Chelsea ahead after just four minutes and it was one-way traffic throughout with Fernando Torres scoring in the second half and new Victor Moses rounding off the scoring. In an all-EPL clash, Wigan won 4-1 at West Ham after the home side had taken an early lead while high flying Everton were shocked 2-1 at Leeds to make a surprise exit.
highlights: Nemanja Vidic ruled out for two months with fresh knee injury . Leaves Manchester United short of defensive options . John Terry plays in Chelsea's English League Cup rout of Wolves . EPL champions Manchester City beaten by Aston Villa .
id: 11e2b47ca7b46efa8215777b7b4836b4f23ca71d
chatgpt: Manchester United have suffered a big blow as defender Nemanja Vidic has been ruled out for two months after picking up a fresh knee injury, leaving the club short of defensive options. This is the latest in a series of injuries that Vidic has faced over the past few seasons, prompting concerns about his fitness and longevity in the game. The Red Devils have struggled at the back this season, shipping in eight goals in their opening five games, and the loss of Vidic will be a cause for concern for manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. The Serb has been a mainstay in the United defence since his arrival from Spartak Moscow in 2006 and has played a pivotal role in the club's numerous domestic and European successes. Solskjaer will now have to turn to other defenders such as Harry Maguire, Axel Tuanzebe and Eric Bailly, who are all vying for a place in the starting line-up. However, this leaves United with a lack of experience at the back, which could be exploited by their opponents. Meanwhile, Chelsea captain John Terry made his first appearance of the season in Chelsea's English League Cup rout of Wolves. The 34-year-old has been sidelined with injury but looked comfortable on his return to action as he helped his side to a 6-0 win. Terry's return will be a boost for Jose Mourinho's side, who have struggled defensively in recent weeks. The Blues were joined in the next round of the competition by Aston Villa, who pulled off a shock victory over reigning Premier League champions Manchester City. Gabriel Agbonlahor scored the winning goal for Villa as they secured a 1-0 win at Villa Park. This was City's first defeat of the season and will come as a surprise to many who had pegged them as favourites for this year's title. Manager Manuel Pellegrini will be disappointed with his side's performance as they were unable to break down a resolute Villa defence, despite the likes of Sergio Aguero and Raheem Sterling starting for the visitors. City have now dropped points in two successive games and will need to improve if they are to mount a serious challenge for the title this year. Overall, it has been a mixed week for English football with injuries, surprising results, and returns from key players. As the season progresses, it will be interesting to see how these events play out and how they impact the teams' performances in the coming weeks.