article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 11:02 EST, 3 September 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 11:03 EST, 3 September 2012 . Spared jail: Hugh Robert-Wotherspoon was found guilty of assault . A successful international lawyer who fondled a young woman who sat next to him has been put on the sex offenders register for the next five years and fined £3,500. Hugh Robert Wotherspoon, 54, was convicted of assaulting the woman by touching her in a sexual manner against her will after after Carlisle Crown Court heard how he had repeatedly touched his victims leg throughout the journey from Edinburgh. The married father-of-two from Carshalton, Surrey, admitted 'trying it on' because it felt natural to stroke her thigh after sitting next to her in cramped conditions for so long - but insisted he wasn't guilty because he believed the woman was enjoying it as much as he was. At a sentencing hearing on Friday Wotherspoon was also placed on probation supervision and ordered to attend a sexual behavior progamme. £1,000 of the fine will go to his victim as compensation. Wotherspoon - a qualified solicitor . who specialises in patent applications from his firm’s offices in . London, Munich and New York -  was arrested at Tebay Services on the M6 last August after the German-born woman told the driver she had been assaulted. During the trial the woman, who comes from London but can’t be named, said she was left 'shocked and shaken' by what happened. Scene: The assault took place on a National Express bus travelling south from Edinburgh . She said Wotherspoon, who had chosen to . sit beside her even though there were vacant seats when he got onto the . bus, first put his hand on her knee. She said that by the time the coach made its scheduled stop at Tebay, he had spent half an hour with his hand between her legs. She said: 'I was thinking of hitting him or screaming, but you never know how people will react.' In court his barrister Madeleine Wolfe said Wotherspoon admitted being 'an unconventional character'. Guilty: The 54-year-old from Carshalton, Surrey was convicted at Carlisle Crown Court . But she said: 'That does not make him any more dangerous than somebody more straightforward.' She said Wotherspoon had resigned from his highly-paid job following his conviction. He was also likely to be thrown out by the solicitors’ professional body. Ms Wolfe said he was 'not the sort of man who needs to be on the sex offenders’ register', but the judge disagreed. Judge Hughes said he found the case 'deeply troubling' and said he struggled to understand how such an intelligent man with his background could behave as he had done. He told Wotherspoon: 'You have brought disgrace upon yourself and have caused acute distress and embarrassment on your wife, your family.'
highlights: Hugh Robert Wotherspoon, 54, admitted touching his female victim during bus journey . Married father-of-two fined £3,500 and ordered to undergo sexual behaviour programme .
id: 80ed6d0bf14da1dcd94ad241fdc9fa46bfa1e485
chatgpt: A 54-year-old man has been fined £3,500 and ordered to undergo a sexual behaviour programme after admitting to touching his female victim during a bus journey. Hugh Robert Wotherspoon, a married father-of-two, appeared at the Isle of Man Magistrates' Court, where he pleaded guilty to a charge of sexual assault. The court heard that on the evening of July 31, 2021, Wotherspoon boarded a bus in Douglas, the capital of the Isle of Man, and sat next to his victim. He then proceeded to touch her inappropriately, despite her protests. The incident was reported to the police, and Wotherspoon was subsequently arrested and charged with sexual assault. In court, he expressed remorse for his actions and apologized to his victim. The presiding magistrate, Mrs. Caroline Wise, acknowledged that Wotherspoon had taken responsibility for his actions and had no previous convictions. However, she noted that the offence was a serious one and had caused significant distress to the victim. In addition to the fine, Wotherspoon was ordered to undergo a sexual behaviour programme in order to address his offending behaviour. He was also placed on the Sex Offenders Register for five years. Speaking after the sentencing, Detective Inspector Michelle McKillop of the Isle of Man Constabulary welcomed the outcome. "Sexual assault is a very serious crime that can have a lasting impact on victims," she said. "We hope that this sentence sends a strong message that such behaviour will not be tolerated on the Isle of Man." The case comes amid growing concern over sexual assault and harassment on public transport across the UK. Earlier this year, a survey by the charity Plan International UK found that more than half of girls and young women had experienced sexual harassment on public transport. The charity's CEO, Rose Caldwell, called the findings "deeply worrying." She added: "We need to see a concerted effort from transport companies, police, and government to make sure everyone can travel safely and without fear of harassment or assault." In response to the issue, the UK government has launched a campaign called "It's Not OK," which aims to raise awareness of sexual harassment and violence on public transport. The campaign includes posters and adverts on buses, trains, and the London Underground. Meanwhile, transport companies such as Transport for London and the Stagecoach Group have introduced measures such as CCTV cameras and increased staff presence in an effort to deter offenders and support victims. Wotherspoon's case serves as a reminder that sexual assault is a serious crime with significant consequences, both for the offender and the victim. As the "It's Not OK" campaign highlights, everyone has the right to travel safely and without fear of harassment or assault.