article: Los Angeles (CNN) -- Paul Walker's brothers are helping "fill in small gaps" in "Fast & Furious 7" action sequences not finished before the actor's death, producers said Tuesday. Walker died in a fiery car crash during a Thanksgiving break in filming last November, forcing a halt to production. "We had to take time to grieve Paul, the brother we love and lost, and to figure out if we should move on with our film," producers wrote to fans in a Facebook post Tuesday. The decision to resume filming was "the only choice," the note said. We believe our fans want that, and we believe Paul would want that, too." Walker's dramatic scenes were completed before his death but some action sequences were unfinished, they said. "We have resumed shooting and now welcome Paul's brothers, Caleb and Cody, into our 'Fast' family," the post said. "Caleb and Cody are helping us complete some remaining action for their brother and fill in small gaps left in production. Having them on set has made us all feel that Paul is with us, too." The movie was to have been released this summer, but Universal pushed it back to April 10, 2015. "This film is the most important we've ever done together," the post said. "It will allow the character of Brian O'Conner to live on and let us celebrate Paul in his most defining role." Walker's O'Conner character is a staple of the long-running and hugely profitable film franchise. Directed by James Wan, it also stars Vin Diesel, Dwayne Johnson, Michelle Rodriguez and Jason Statham. Walker's death: Video shows car erupted in flames after 60 seconds . Investigators concluded in a report released in March that speed was to blame in Walker's death. "Investigators determined the cause of the fatal solo-vehicle collision was unsafe speed for the roadway conditions," Los Angeles County Sheriff's Commander Mike Parker said. The high-performance 2005 Porsche Carrera GT was going "between 80 and 93 mph at the time the car impacted a power pole and several trees," the final report said. The posted speed limit on the Santa Clarita, California, office park road was 45 mph. Walker, 40, and friend Roger Rodas, 38, had no drugs or alcohol in their blood, the report said. Both men were wearing seat belts. The airbags deployed as they should have when the car clipped a light pole and several trees, investigators said. Nothing mechanical went wrong to cause the Porsche to leave the wide road. Investigators found "no pre-existing conditions that would have caused this collision," the report said. Porsche Carrera GT: 5 reasons the car Paul Walker died in is different . Walker and Rodas, racing team partners, left a charity event at a car shop co-owned by the men to take a ride in an office park in the community of Valencia in Santa Clarita, about 30 miles north of Hollywood. The crash happened a few hundred yards away on a wide street. Ice Cube apologizes for offending Paul Walker fans .
highlights: "Caleb and Cody are helping us complete some remaining action," producers say . "Having them on set has made us all feel that Paul is with us, too," note to fans says . Walker's death last November forced a halt to production . The movie was to have been released this summer, but was pushed to April 2015 .
id: 0ac0dfdaca4ed1e3e559505b383919d727ddd603
chatgpt: Fans of the "Fast and Furious" franchise have been eagerly anticipating the release of the seventh film in the series. However, the tragic death of one of the franchise's main stars, Paul Walker, last November led to a temporary halt in production. Now, some new updates about the delayed release have been given that should excite fans. According to producers of the film, Caleb and Cody, Paul Walker's brothers, have stepped in to help complete some remaining action sequences for the film. This news will likely bring a sense of comfort and closure to grieving fans, who have been expecting the release of the film for several months now. "Having Caleb and Cody on set has made us all feel that Paul is with us, too," a note to fans said, "I know that Paul would be proud of how we've continued to handle things and move forward with the franchise." It is clear that production of the movie has been challenging for all involved, but the addition of Walker's brothers to the process is a touching tribute to their late sibling, who was a beloved and essential part of the series. The movie was originally set to be released this summer, but due to Walker's death, production was halted, and the release date was pushed back to April 2015. However, the news of Caleb and Cody's involvement in the movie should allow fans to breathe a sigh of relief knowing that the film is still being made and that it will include some of Paul Walker's signature style. The "Fast and Furious" franchise has always been about family, and the addition of Caleb and Cody to the production process is proof of that. The note to fans went on to say, "We are all grateful to have come across such great brothers and partners in our time of need." The news of the Walker brothers' involvement in the movie follows several other developments that have attempted to give fans some closure and excitement leading up to the release date. Earlier this year, a trailer for the seventh installment was released, showcasing some of the high-octane car action that has become synonymous with the series. The trailer also included a poignant tribute to Paul Walker, which served as a reminder of the loss that the franchise, and its fans, have suffered. In addition to the trailer, it was recently announced that the franchise will continue on with an eighth installment. This news, coupled with the confirmation of Caleb and Cody's involvement in the seventh film, should give fans confidence that the franchise is still potent and exciting, even without Paul Walker. While there is no doubt that the death of Paul Walker left a large void in the franchise, the news that his brothers have stepped in to help complete the latest installment is a testament to the power of family and the strength of the "Fast and Furious" franchise. Fans of the series can now look forward to the release of the seventh film next year, while also finding comfort in knowing that the legacy of Paul Walker will live on through his brothers and through the franchise that he helped to build.