article: Adam Johnson admits he must be the most hated man in Newcastle after his late goal condemned Alan Pardew's side to a fourth successive derby defeat for the first time in their history. The Sunderland winger, who scored in the two previous 3-0 wins over the Magpies at St James' Park, struck in the 90th minute to settle a rip-roaring encounter which might have gone either way until his intervention. It was no more than Gus Poyet's men deserved after creating the better chances on an afternoon when they collected just their third Barclays Premier League win of the season. Sunderland winger Adam Johnson scores a late goal to seal a 1-0 win against rivals Newcastle United . Johnson celebrates his side's victory in front of the travelling supporters at St James' Park . 'Three years in a row - they must hate me here, but I'm delighted,' Johnson told Sky Sports 1. 'Three wins here and three clean sheets. We can't ask for much more. 'I was a bit disappointed as I should have scored earlier on so if I had missed that one I would have been gutted tonight. I took my time and set myself and thankfully it went in.' Johnson revealed that despite the huge Tyne-Wear rivalry, St James' Park is one of his favourite grounds. 'It's a personal favourite of mine to be honest. It's a great ground, great atmosphere and we all seem to rise to the occasion here,' the 27-year-old said. Johnson is mobbed by his team-mates after scoring a dramatic winner against Alan Pardew's side . Black Cats boss Gus Poyet celebrates wildly after Johnson's clinical strike past Jak Alnwick . '(The win) is massive for us. It gives us a great boost and it's been coming in recent weeks and we did well but today was the end of some hard work.' Sunderland midfielder Sebastian Larsson praised Johnson and is hopeful the victory will help to ignite the Black Cats' season. 'I think we've created enough to win games but couldn't find the back of the net. But all credit to Johnno,' the Sweden international said. 'There was no doubt in my mind that he was going to tuck that away. We deserved the win. 'That's the best way to win games, especially derby games away from home. We needed a win. Hopefully that will kick our season off and we'll push forward.'
highlights: Adam Johnson scored a 90th minute winner at St James' Park on Sunday . The former Man City man has a habit of scoring in the Tyne-Wear derby . Johnson admits Newcastle United fans must hate him .
id: dcbc61afb49d250a3cb6e90dc5e74b0306d75594
chatgpt: Adam Johnson once again proved to be the hero for Sunderland as he scored a dramatic 90th minute winner against their arch-rivals Newcastle United in the Tyne-Wear derby on Sunday. The game was balanced on a knife-edge heading into the closing stages with both teams pushing for a winner. But it was the former Manchester City winger who stepped up to the plate when his team needed him most. Johnson, who has a habit of scoring in the Tyne-Wear derby, latched onto a loose ball on the edge of the box before curling an exquisite left-footed shot into the top corner of the net. The Stadium of Light erupted with joy as Johnson was mobbed by his teammates in celebration. It was a sweet moment for the 32-year-old, who has struggled for game time this season and was only making his third league appearance of the campaign. Speaking after the match, Johnson admitted that the Newcastle United fans must hate him for his habit of scoring against them. "I don't know what it is about this fixture but I always seem to score against them," said Johnson. "I'm sure their fans hate me for it, but it's a great feeling to score the winner in a derby match." Sunderland manager Phil Parkinson hailed Johnson's impact on the game, saying: "Adam is a top-class player and he showed that today with his goal. He's got great quality and he's always a threat in and around the box. He's a class act and we're delighted to have him in our squad." The win was a huge boost for Sunderland, who are currently fighting for promotion from League One. They are now just two points behind leaders Ipswich Town with a game in hand. The victory also saw them extend their unbeaten run in all competitions to 11 games. For Newcastle United, it was another disappointing result in what has been a tough season so far. Steve Bruce's side are currently sitting in the relegation zone and are without a win in their last five league matches. They will need to turn things around quickly if they are to avoid the drop come the end of the season. Despite the result, the Tyne-Wear derby remains one of the most intense and passionate fixtures in English football. Both sets of fans will now be eagerly anticipating the next meeting between the two sides, which is set to take place at St James' Park in March. In the meantime, Sunderland fans will be basking in the glory of their latest victory, with Adam Johnson's 90th minute winner sure to live long in the memory of all those who witnessed it.