article: ISLAMABAD, Pakistan (CNN) -- The Pakistani government convened a meeting on Monday of nearly all of the country's political parties, in an effort to consolidate broad national support for its military operation to crush Taliban militants in Pakistan's northwestern Swat Valley. Pakistani civilians flee to camps for the internally displaced in Mardan district on May 15, 2009. The leaders of 42 political parties were expected to attend the All Party Congress in Islamabad, the capital. Meanwhile, fierce fighting continued in Swat on Monday -- 27 Taliban fighters were killed, including three commanders, along with three Pakistani soldiers, said Maj. Gen. Athar Abbas, a spokesman for the Pakistani military. In a separate move to pressure the Taliban, hundreds of Muslim clerics gathered in Islamabad on Sunday to issue a unanimous declaration that denounced the militants' violent tactics. "Suicide attacks and beheading is haram," the resolution said. "Haram" means forbidden according to Islam. National consensus is critical for the military offensive to succeed, said a senior foreign diplomat stationed in Islamabad. Speaking on condition of anonymity, the diplomat singled out Mian Mohammed Nawaz Sharif, leader of the PML-N party and the most powerful political rival to Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari, as saying that without Sharif's support, the anti-Taliban campaign would be doomed. Sharif was at Monday's All Party Congress. The Pakistani military mounted its first assault on al Qaeda and its Taliban allies in tribal areas along Pakistan's mountainous border with Afghanistan in 2004. There have since been a number of military offensives against the Taliban, with questionable results. The attacks have displaced hundreds of thousands of Pakistanis and done considerable damage to homes and infrastructure. The Taliban has extended its area of control from the border all the way to the district of Buner, just 100 kilometers (60 miles) from the Pakistani capital. The military attacked Taliban fighters in Buner late last month. As of Sunday, troops were still battling to dislodge insurgents from parts of Buner, according to Pakistani military spokesmen. The top U.S. military commander told the Senate Armed Services Committee last week that it was too early to pass judgment on Pakistan's most recent military offensive. "My biggest question about these operations is their ability to sustain them over time," said Adm. Mike Mullen, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. "Historically, they haven't done that." The United Nations says the fighting has forced more than 1 million Pakistanis to flee their homes in the northwest of the country since May 2. Prime Minister Yusuf Reza Gilani, addressing the All Party Congress on Monday, said, "The army will remain in these areas until the displaced people can return to their homes, and until peace is established."
highlights: Government convenes a meeting of nearly all of the country's political parties . Meeting aims to consolidate support for its operation to crush Taliban militants . Government troops have battled Taliban in Pakistan's northwestern Swat Valley . Hundreds of Muslim clerics gather in Islamabad to denounce militants' violent tactics .
id: 53f71b3575dc11e6b6fe8758984ee1d0a1f9ae99
chatgpt: The government of Pakistan has convened a meeting of almost all of the country's political parties in an effort to consolidate support for its ongoing operation against the Taliban militants. The meeting, which included representatives from major opposition parties, aimed to garner unified support for the military campaign in northwestern Swat Valley. The government has been battling the Taliban in the region, and the operation has included airstrikes and ground battles. While some political parties have expressed concerns about the civilian casualties resulting from the fighting, the meeting urged political unity behind the government's efforts to root out the militants. The operation, which began in late April, has seen some success, with the military recapturing key areas from the Taliban. However, the militants have proven to be a formidable foe, launching counterattacks and ambushes against government troops. In addition to the political meeting, hundreds of Muslim clerics gathered in Islamabad to denounce the militants' violent tactics. The clerics, representing a diverse array of sects and denominations, spoke out against the indiscriminate killing of civilians and the destruction of schools and hospitals. The clerics' statement also called for unity among all segments of society against the Taliban's extremist ideology. The statement was seen as a significant turn in public opinion against the militant group, which has long tried to appeal to certain segments of society based on its interpretation of Islam. The Pakistani government has faced criticism in the past for its perceived lack of action against the Taliban and other extremist groups. However, the current military operation in Swat Valley has been seen as a turning point, with the government showing a newfound resolve to take on the militants. The political meeting and the clerics' statement are seen as major steps in consolidating public support behind the government's efforts. The government has also made efforts to address the concerns of those who have been displaced by the ongoing fighting, offering aid and promising to provide for the needs of those who have been forced to flee their homes. Despite the challenges posed by the Taliban, the government's determination to combat the militants has shown a renewed sense of purpose and commitment to addressing the country's security concerns. The government will continue to work with all segments of society to combat extremism and build a more peaceful and prosperous Pakistan.