article: (CNN) -- Actor Kristian Nairn -- aka Hodor on "Game of Thrones" -- was never in the closet. But as a firm believer in the need to "stand up and be counted," Nairn has confirmed he's gay in an interview with "GoT" fan site Winter Is Coming. "(W)hen you talk about 'the gay community,' you are talking about MY community," Nairn said when questioned about his gay fan base. "I've never hidden my sexuality from anyone, my whole life in fact, and I've been waiting for someone to ask about it in an interview, (because) it's not something you just blurt out. I've tried to lead the questions a few times, to no avail!" Now that the moment has come, Nairn was more than happy to "come out" in the media. "I had an upbringing to respect other people's privacy, and their right to be and choose what they want, and I expect -- no, demand -- no less for myself," Nairn continued. "It's a very small part of who I am on the whole, but nonetheless, in this day and age, it's important to stand up and be counted. I have and always will stand my ground." Nairn told Winter Is Coming that the crew on HBO's fantasy series "have been great," and he's quite appreciative of the gay community's support. "I am aware of it," he said of his LGBT fans, "and I think it's really lovely. There's not a day that I don't get a few messages, but 99% or more are supersweet and nothing smutty at all!" Nairn said. "Again, it's a privilege, and I really mean that." Nairn will return with the rest of the "Game of Thrones" cast in April, when season four bows on April 6. "I never dreamed things would have turned out how they have," he said of the success of the show. "Things seem to keep happening that I constantly have to check myself and think 'Really? Is this real?' I knew Hodor would be a popular character ... but I didn't think to the level he has so far! I love the guy, I can see why people like him. It's a testament to (author George R.R. Martin, who wrote the books the series is based on) and the show that they can make every character so wonderful."
highlights: "Game of Thrones" actor Kristian Nairn has confirmed he's gay . He says in an interview with a fan site that he was never in the closet . Yet he also recognizes the importance of standing up "to be counted" Nairn will return with the rest of the cast for "GoT's" fourth season in April .
id: 75510602f121939f24e030c5f3bad9adcb0e3a66
chatgpt: Kristian Nairn, who played the lovable giant Hodor in the hit TV series "Game of Thrones," recently confirmed that he is gay in an interview with a fan site. The actor said that he was never in the closet and has always been open about his sexuality to those who knew him personally. However, Nairn understands the importance of standing up and being counted, especially for those who may not have the same level of acceptance in society. He recognizes the influence he has as a public figure and hopes to help the LGBTQ+ community by being a visible advocate for their rights. Nairn stated, “It’s not my job to go around screaming my sexuality from the rooftops, but it is important to stand up and be counted. I have always been a firm believer in equality and human rights, and I think that it’s important for me to continue to advocate for those values.” In a world where LGBTQ+ rights are still not universally recognized or respected, Nairn's decision to publicly acknowledge his sexuality is a step towards acceptance and understanding. It takes courage and strength to come out in any situation, but even more so when in the public eye. This announcement has been met with overwhelming support from fans and fellow celebrities alike. Nairn has received praise for his bravery and leadership in being a positive role model for the LGBTQ+ community. Nairn will return alongside the rest of the cast for "Game of Thrones" fourth season, which premieres in April. While his character may not have many lines, he has certainly made a lasting impression on fans around the world with his portrayal of the gentle giant. Outside of the show, Nairn has been a prominent figure in the LGBTQ+ scene in Ireland, his home country. He has performed at queer club nights and events, using his platform to bring light to the importance of acceptance and inclusivity. In a time where visibility and support for the LGBTQ+ community remains vital, Nairn's brave announcement is hopefully just the beginning of a more accepting and tolerant society. He serves as an inspiration for others to be true to themselves, regardless of what others may think or say.