article: An Alabama grand jury has indicted a former teacher and cheerleading coach on eight counts of rape and sodomy of a boy under the age of sixteen. Sixth-grade teacher Jennifer Collins McNeill, 39, was arrested last year and charged with six counts of rape and two counts of sodomy of a juvenile male - some of the alleged encounters took place on school grounds. McNeill who was also a cheerleading coach, is accused of having an inappropriate relationship with the sixteen year-old student between April 2012 and June 2013. The boy did not attend the school where she taught. Scroll down for video... Accused: Jennifer Collins McNeill is alleged to have had a sexual affair with a boy aged between 12 and 16 from April 2012 to June 2013 . Sheriff Kevin Davis says his office . began investigating allegations that McNeill was having sex with a . student after they got a call from the Department of Human Resources. 'A . very good investigation has been done. In my opinion, some very strong . evidence has been collected throughout that investigation,' Sheriff . Davis said. The married teacher's arrest stunned school chiefs who later resigned from her posting at the school. 'That we're all shocked and disappointment doesn't describe it,' said Chilton County Schools Superintendent Dave Hayden. Chilton County Chief Deputy District Attorney C.J. Robinson confirmed on Monday, 'It's embarrassing for the schools system, and it's not fun for anybody involved, but it's something that we have to face now and, based on her choices, here we go,' McNeill's attorney says any comment about her client and the charges pending would be premature at this point. Scene: McNeill worked at Thorsby High School where she primarily taught six graders and was also a sponsor for the cheerleading team. Warrants filed in court show that McNeill is charged with having had sexual intercourse with a juvenile male less than 16 years of age, but older than 12, between April 10, 2012 and June 28 of 2013. The juvenile does not go to school at Thorsby, but is a student in the county. Sheriff Davis told WTOX parents had to be able to trust teachers. He said: 'I dropped off my 12-year-old this morning for the first day of school like other parents across this county and the state for that matter. 'I take a certain amount of responsibility for those kids through school resource officers and us trying to keep them protected through that side, but we also entrust, as parents, a lot of trust to teachers and principals and administrators of the school system.' McNeill was charged with six counts of second degree rape and two counts of second degree sodomy. hat McNeill’s arraignment is scheduled for March 10 in front of Chilton County Judge Sibley Reynolds. She is currently out on bail.
highlights: Grand jury indicted former teacher and cheerleading coach for rape and sodomy of a minor . Jennifer Collins McNeill, 39, was arrested in August 2013 and charged with six counts of rape and two counts of sodomy . McNeill has resigned from the school system .
id: 0186aac6869e85bc792ed6d6d36cb88a23c468fc
chatgpt: A former teacher and cheerleading coach was indicted by a grand jury for the rape and sodomy of a minor. Jennifer Collins McNeill, 39 years old, was arrested in August 2013 and charged with six counts of rape and two counts of sodomy. The allegations against McNeill came to light in the summer of 2013 when a teenager accused her of sexual assault. According to court records, McNeill had sexual contact with the teen, who was a student at the time, on several occasions. The incidents occurred at McNeill's home and at a motel. The teenager reported the abuse to the authorities, sparking an investigation. McNeill, who was a teacher and cheerleading coach at the time, resigned from the school system following her arrest. She has been out on bond since her arrest in 2013 and has pleaded not guilty to all charges. The indictment by a grand jury means the case will now move forward to a trial. The trial date has not yet been set, and it's unclear what the defense strategy will be. If convicted, McNeill faces the possibility of life in prison. The case has been closely watched by parents, students, and teachers in the community. The allegations against McNeill have rocked the school system, with many in the community expressing shock and disbelief. "I can't believe something like this could happen," said one parent of a former student. "I trusted the school system to keep my child safe, and now I'm questioning everything." The school system has also come under fire for its handling of the case. Some have criticized the school system for not doing enough to protect the victim and for not taking swift action against McNeill. In response to the allegations, the school system has implemented several changes to its policies and procedures. These changes include mandatory reporting of suspected abuse, increased background checks for employees, and better training for teachers and staff on how to recognize and respond to inappropriate behavior. The case highlights the ongoing issue of sexual abuse in schools and the need for better protections for students. It also serves as a reminder that those in positions of authority, such as teachers and coaches, must be held accountable for their actions. The community will now wait for the trial to begin and for justice to be served. In the meantime, the school system and community will continue to grapple with the fallout from the allegations against McNeill and the need for better protections for students.