article: By . Freya Noble . There's a certain stereotype that portrays sulking teenagers trawling the internet for hours on end, sharing infinite details about their terrible lives. However it seems that the kids have been overthrown for the title of most time spent online, by an unlikely competitor. During December of last year, teens spent a measly average of 14 hours and 42 minutes surfin' the web, while their parents and grandparents spent more than 32 hours online. Over 55s have overtaken teenagers and jumped up to the second highest internet users in Australia, according to new research by Roy Morgan . The over 55's averaged over an hour a day, according to new research released by Roy Morgan and consolidated by The Australian Communications and Media Authority (ACMA). Despite this, people in the 18-54 year old bracket topped the charts, spending an average of 40 hours and 21 minutes connected for the month. The study also revealed that teenagers are not the key drivers of growth online, due to their lack of funds and dwindling financial independence. Almost 100 percent of teenagers have broadband internet at home and the use of smartphones is increasing across the board . Over 55's racked up over an hour a day in time online according to the stats . Most Australian teens are jumping online to entertain themselves, the research found . 'Compared to adult Australians teenagers—not-surprisingly—generally have lower incomes and fewer opportunities to fully benefit from online transactional activities, content and services,' ACMA reported. Nearly 100 percent of teens have a broadband internet connection at home, 69 percent have a smartphone and 72 percent jump online more than once each day. And it seems Aussies are leading the charge on smartphone ownership, with just 36 percent of Americans in the same age bracket owning the clever little devices. Teenagers are visiting Google, Facebook, Youtube, Mi9 and Microsoft the most . The top five destinations for younger Australians were Google, Facebook, Youtube, Mi9 and Microsoft and in an unexpected turn of events 9 out of 10 of them gravitate towards the internet for entertainment. Adults overtook their kids when it came to making transactions online, proving that more and more older Australians are turning to the internet to bank or buy and sell items. The more mature members of our population are also utilising the online world in more versatile ways, as they juggle four or more activities each time they log on. Across the board, Aussies are making the switch to mobiles in lieu of traditional desktops with the gap in usage between the two devices narrowing in the last four years.
highlights: Teenagers have been toppled for the top Australian internet users . Over 55's racked up over an hour a day in time online according to new Roy Morgan stats . The 18-54 age bracket most active online with over 40 hours a month .
id: 435286b76387861cec5d99b5e7ebb90dee14d832
chatgpt: According to new Roy Morgan statistics, teenagers have been surpassed as the top Australian internet users. The surprising news is that the over-55 age group has been found to spend over an hour a day online. It seems that as technology advances, the younger generation is gradually losing their top position online. The statistics show that the 18-54 age bracket is the most active group online, spending over 40 hours a month surfing the web. This is perhaps not as surprising given the wide-ranging use of technology in the workplace, and the vast array of social media and entertainment platforms available online. The reason behind the over-55 age group's increase in internet usage could be due to several factors. With the rise of social media platforms such as Facebook, grandparents are more able to keep up with their family's lives and share updates, photos and videos with their grandchildren. Additionally, with the ability to order groceries and other household items online, the older generation is now becoming more comfortable with the convenience of online shopping. Despite the rise in internet usage among the over-55 age group, it is important to note that teenagers and young adults still remain amongst the most active users online. The younger generation is known to spend more time on social media platforms such as Instagram, Snapchat, and TikTok, keeping up with their friends and staying in touch with the latest trends. However, it is the older generation who are taking advantage of the great educational opportunities available online. With many adult learners returning to study, whether that be for career progression or personal interest, e-learning platforms offer a flexible and effective way to learn. The statistics also revealed some discrepancies in internet usage depending on location, with those living in capital cities spending more time online than those living in regional areas. This may be due to a variety of reasons, from higher-quality internet connections in cities to greater access to culture and social events. The rise in internet usage is changing the way we live our lives, from how we communicate and entertain ourselves to how we shop and learn. As more Australians become connected online, it is likely that the way businesses and organisations operate will continue to evolve and adapt to the digital world. Overall, the new Roy Morgan data provides us with important information about our changing relationship with the internet. While teenagers may no longer be at the top of the list for most active internet users, they still have a significant online presence. As technology continues to advance, it will be fascinating to see how new generations adapt and respond to the ever-changing digital landscape.