article: (CNN) -- An Austrian man who allegedly held his daughter as a sex slave for 24 years has been charged with murdering one of their children, prosecutors say. Josef Fritzl is accused of fathering seven children by his daughter during her 24-year captivity. Austrian State Prosecutor Gerhard Sedlacek told CNN Thursday that Josef Fritzl, 73, was charged with murder because one of the seven children died in infancy. The other six children survived. Fritzl, a retired electrician from Amstetten, 75 kilometers (46 miles) west of Vienna, was also charged with rape, incest, false imprisonment and slavery. The murder charge stems from the death of Fritzl's infant son, Michael Fritzl, who died from lack of medical care, the prosecutor said.  Watch as Fritzl is charged with murder » . "Although he realized how life-threatening M.F.'s situation was after being born, Josef F. did not call out for help," Sedlacek said, explaining the charge. The trial is expected to begin early in 2009 and if convicted of murder Fritzl could face 10 to 20 years in prison. Austria, like other European countries, has no death penalty. Prosecutors say psychiatric tests show that Fritzl is mentally fit to stand trial but Sedlacek has asked that Fritzl be confined to a "mental asylum." Fritzl kept the daughter and all but three of the children in a cellar beneath his home in Amstetten, Austria, west of Vienna, officials say. Three of the children lived upstairs in the home Fritzl shared with his wife and several of their own children. Fritzl has been in custody since the case came to light in April, sparking worldwide attention. He had explained Elizabeth's disappearance in 1984 by saying the 18-year-old girl had run away from home, a story backed up by letters he forced Elisabeth to write, including one that begged her parents not to look for her. When Elizabeth gained her freedom, she told police her father began sexually abusing her at age 11. On August 8, 1984 -- weeks before she was reported missing -- her father enticed her into the basement, where he drugged her, put her in handcuffs and locked her in a room, she told police. For the next 24 years, she was constantly raped by her father, resulting in seven children, she said, according to the police statement. Fritzl's daughter and her children have since been receiving counseling although doctors warn that they will take years to recover. Members of the Fritzl family will also be offered the chance to adopt new identities in an effort to help them lead normal lives, officials said. Psychiatrist Max Friedrich, who treated the abducted Austrian teenager Natascha Kampusch, estimated it would take "between five and eight years" for the children to recover from their experiences.
highlights: Austrian man who allegedly held daughter for 24 years charged with murder . Prosecutors charge Josef Fritzl with murder because one of the 7 children died . Experts say infant might have survived if Fritzl had arranged for medical care .
id: 1779c9867eb78c1a226e35669052388396f3cb78
chatgpt: An Austrian man who held his daughter captive for 24 years, Josef Fritzl, has been charged with murder by prosecutors. The charges stem from the death of one of the children fathered by Fritzl, who reportedly died due to a lack of medical care. Fritzl had imprisoned his daughter, Kerstin, in a basement dungeon he had constructed beneath their home in Amstetten, Austria. During the 24 years of captivity, Fritzl fathered seven children with Kerstin, whom he had repeatedly raped and physically abused. In April 2008, when Kerstin fell ill, Fritzl allowed her to be taken to a hospital, where it was discovered that she was suffering from multiple organ failure. Fritzl initially claimed that he had found his daughter unconscious in the dungeon, but eventually confessed to her imprisonment, fathering her children, and causing her illness. According to experts, Kerstin's infant child, who died soon after birth, might have survived if Fritzl had arranged for medical care. Prosecutors have now charged Fritzl with murder in relation to the death of the child. The charges against Fritzl are just the latest chapter in a shocking case that has captivated the world's attention. Fritzl's crimes have been described as some of the worst in Austrian history, and have led to calls for stricter punishments for crimes against women and children. Many are now wondering how such a heinous crime could have gone unnoticed for so many years. Some have pointed to Fritzl's reputation as a quiet and unassuming man, while others have criticized the lack of oversight on the part of local authorities. Despite the horrific nature of Fritzl's crimes, some are hopeful that justice will be served. Prosecutors have vowed to pursue the case to the fullest extent of the law, and many are calling for Fritzl to receive a harsh sentence for his crimes. For now, however, the world can only wait and watch as justice slowly unfolds in one of the most horrifying cases of captivity and abuse ever seen. Fritzl's trial is set to begin in the coming months, and many will be watching closely to see what the outcome will be.