article: This is the dramatic moment when drug smugglers set fire to a ship carrying more than £50 million worth of hashish after being spotted by customs officials. Thick, dense plumes of smoke quickly billowed from the bridge of the Gold Star freighter just minutes after it was 'buzzed' by a helicopter from the Italian coastguard. The nine people on board the Tanzanian registered ship then jumped overboard as they attempted to avoid being arrested but they were miles out to sea and had to be plucked to safety. Scroll down for video . Up in flames: The Tanzanian-registered cargo ship MV Gold Star is seen with its bridge in flames . Night vision: An Armed Forces of Malta vessel (right) battles the fire . Italian customs officials intercepted the Gold Star as it sailed off the coast of Sicily in the Mediterranean following a tip off that it was carrying a huge consignment of drugs and she had been followed for several days before the operation was launched. Besides a helicopter several fast patrol boats were used in the 'raid' and a search of the ship's hold revealed a massive consignment of drugs, 30 tons of hashish which had been loaded on board in Turkey. Italian officials said the crew were Syrian and Egyptians and before they could board the 82 metre 38-year-old ship they had to obtain permission from Tanzania where it was registered. Firefighting boats had to be called in to put out the flames and the ship was today being towed to the Sicilian port of Syracuse where the arrested men were also being held before being questioned. Black cloud: Smugglers decided to set their drug haul on fire, which was evidently noticeable to customs officials . No way out: Customs officials pull up alongside the burning vessel as the game is up . Costly: There was thought to be £50million worth of hash on the boat . Stricken: The smugglers jumped overboard after deciding to set their loot on fire . A spokesman for Italian Customs said: 'The ship was intercepted after intelligence was received that it was carrying drugs - but we never expected such a huge consignment and for the crew to set her on fire. 'The idea was no doubt to try and destroy the evidence so that we could have no case against them but their plan failed and the fire was put out and the drugs were found during the search. 'Nine people on board jumped into the sea but they couldn't get very far as they were several miles from shore and they had to be rescued by Italian customs officers. 'The fire is now under control and the ship is being taken to a port where it will be thoroughly searched again and the nine crew members will be questioned by prosecutors.'
highlights: Freighter was 'buzzed' by a helicopter from the Italian coastguard . Ship was Tanzania-registered, with nine people on board jumping into sea . 30 tonnes of hash had been loaded on in Turkey .
id: dec0786ee5a269912cd12a3cae7fc5de0b932bc2
chatgpt: A Tanzanian-registered freighter loaded with 30 tonnes of hash was intercepted by the Italian coastguard off the coast of Calabria. The boat was subjected to a “buzzing” by a helicopter before the nine people on board were forced to abandon ship and jump into the sea. The coastguard discovered the illicit cargo hidden in the vessel’s hold. The operation, which took place on Monday, was part of a larger crackdown on drug trafficking in the Mediterranean. Italy has been particularly hard hit by the illicit trade, with its geography making it an ideal transit point between drug-producing countries in the Middle East and Africa and lucrative European markets. The Tanzanian vessel was intercepted after Italian authorities received intelligence about the shipment. The coastguard spotted the freighter in international waters, just off the coast of Calabria. It’s not clear what exactly triggered the “buzzing” by the helicopter, but the nine people on board were forced to jump into the water. As the coastguard approached the vessel to conduct a search, they discovered the significant haul of hash in the hold. Italian authorities stated that the ship was likely heading towards the coasts of Spain or Italy where the drugs were to be offloaded. The nine people on board, whose nationalities have not been confirmed, were taken into custody by the coastguard. It’s not yet known whether they will face any charges in connection with the drug trafficking operation. The interception of the Tanzanian vessel comes just weeks after Italian authorities seized a record-breaking haul of 25.5 tonnes of hash on a vessel off the coast of Salerno. The drugs, which had been loaded onto the ship in Lebanon, were worth an estimated €250m ($295m). The Italian authorities have been stepping up their efforts to tackle the growing threat of drug trafficking in the Mediterranean. In recent years, there has been a surge in the amount of drugs being transported through the region, with organised crime groups increasingly exploiting the area’s porous borders and weak law enforcement to move their illicit goods. Italy has become a key player in efforts to tackle the problem, working closely with other EU countries and partners in the Middle East and Africa. The recent seizures of drugs and the interception of the Tanzanian vessel show that the country’s efforts are beginning to pay off. However, the problem is far from being solved. Drug traffickers continue to use increasingly sophisticated methods to transport their goods across the Mediterranean, and it will take a concerted effort by law enforcement agencies across the region to stamp out the trade. In the meantime, Italian authorities are likely to continue intercepting ships, both on the open sea and in ports, as they work to identify and stop drug trafficking networks. Their efforts have already led to a significant reduction in the amount of drugs reaching Italy’s streets, but they know there is much more work to be done if they are to rid the region of this dangerous trade.