article: (CNN) -- The Japanese Football Association (JFA) has announced that its national football team will play a charity match to help victims of the recent earthquake in the Asian country. Japan was hit by a 9.0-magnitude earthquake and tsunami last week which has already claimed the lives of 6,500 people, with 10,354 reported missing. The match is due to take place at Osaka's Nagai Stadium on March 29, with the Samurai Blue's opposition to be a team made up of players from the domestic J-League. The recently-crowned Asian Cup champions have been forced to cancel friendly matches against Montenegro and New Zealand due to the disaster. Can sport help Japan recover from disaster? JFA president Junji Ogura said the association had tried to arrange a charity fixture with New Zealand, which was also recently hit by an earthquake. "We have had strong requests from Japan coach (Alberto) Zaccheroni and our national team players that they want to do something to support and encourage the victims," Ogura told the JFA website. "But because this is still a difficult moment, we thought we should hold a charity match to support those who have suffered in the quake-hit areas and assist in their recovery as soon as possible. "I received a phone call from the president of the New Zealand Football Association and could understand that it was a tough decision they had to make following lengthy discussions. "Although we cannot play New Zealand, we wanted to do something to encourage the victims. As we want to do it with the power of everyone, we would like to ask for your assistance." Japan's captain Makoto Hasebe, a midfielder for German club Wolfsburg, expressed his and the team's desire to repay the nation for their support in last year's World Cup. "Japan performed well in last year's World Cup by establishing great unity within the squad," the 27-year-old said. "We were able to do this through the support we received from people across the country. Now our country is facing a big crisis and this is the moment we should do something in return for the people's support for us then. "The only thing we can do is play football. It may not be much, but that's how we would like to encourage the Japanese people. I am heading back home to Japan to take part in this charity match for them." Italian coach Zaccheroni took charge in 2010 and guided the team to Asian Cup success in Qatar in January. The former AC Milan and Juventus boss believes the people of Japan will recover from recent events. "Since I assumed the position of Japan coach, I have seen very closely the Japanese people's beauty and ability to unite, to be disciplined and to respect others. Because of that, I am convinced that Japan will recover for sure from any difficulties."
highlights: Japan will play a charity match to support victims of the country's recent earthquake . The Samurai Blue will play a team selected from Japan's J-League . Last week's earthquake in the country has already killed more than 6,500 people .
id: c288d731d14a0c254ca3a119ecba7badd5744f1e
chatgpt: Japan's national football team, known as the Samurai Blue, has announced that they will be playing a charity match in support of earthquake victims. The match will feature a team selected from Japan's professional J-League, and will be held to raise funds and awareness for those affected by the recent earthquake. The earthquake, which struck last week, has already claimed the lives of more than 6,500 people, with thousands more injured and displaced. The impact has been devastating, with homes and businesses destroyed and entire communities left in ruins. In the wake of this tragedy, the Samurai Blue have pledged their support to the relief effort by organizing a charity match. The event is scheduled to take place at a stadium in Tokyo, with all proceeds going directly to organizations working to support the victims of the earthquake. The Samurai Blue are one of the most successful national football teams in Asia, having won the Asian Cup four times and reaching the round of 16 in the last two World Cup tournaments. Their involvement in the charity match is sure to draw a large crowd and generate significant attention for the cause. The team has called for support from their fans and fellow citizens as they work to help those affected by the disaster. In a statement released to the media, the Samurai Blue emphasized the importance of coming together in difficult times and supporting one another as a community. The J-League team selected to play against the Samurai Blue has yet to be announced, but the organizers say that they are in the process of finalizing the details. The match is expected to take place in the coming weeks, with a date and time to be confirmed in the near future. News of the charity match has been met with widespread support throughout Japan and around the world. Many have praised the Samurai Blue for their efforts to help those in need, and have pledged their own support to the cause. In addition to the charity match, many other organizations and individuals are working to support the victims of the earthquake. Relief efforts are ongoing, with aid workers and volunteers working around the clock to provide food, shelter, and medical assistance to those in need. Despite the enormous challenges facing the country, Japan remains strong and united in the face of adversity. The efforts of the Samurai Blue and others demonstrate the resilience and compassion of the Japanese people, and their commitment to supporting one another in times of need. As the charity match approaches, fans and supporters around the world will no doubt be tuning in to show their support for the victims of the earthquake. For those in Japan, it will be a powerful reminder of the importance of coming together to help those in need, and of the strength of the human spirit in the face of tragedy.