article: By . Allan Hall . and Steve Nolan . Airplane manufacturers are making seats for overweight passengers who are too big to comfortably fit in normal sized seats. Airbus is offering airlines the option of installing extra-wide seats on A320 jets to cope with what it describes as 'trends in demographics'. The extra-wide seats will measure 20 inches across instead of the standard 18 inches, and will likely be installed only as aisle seats. Are you sitting comfortably? Airbus is offering airlines larger seats for obese people on its A320 planes . Window and middle seats will each lose an inch of width to generate the extra space. Airbus is selling the idea as an innovative way to 'meet passenger needs' - even though two-thirds of passengers will have to make do with less space. The plans were announced this week at the Aircraft Interiors Expo in Hamburg, Germany. The company first suggested the idea last year, but a poll back in July by the Skyscanner website found 80 per cent of British fliers were opposed to losing seat space to accommodate larger passengers. Airbus aircraft interiors marketing manager Stefanie Von Linstow told Flightglobal: 'Passengers in the window seat are already happy and those in the centre seat might not be willing to pay as much for less width. 'The aisle seat seems the most attractive for the concept.' Room to breathe: The manufacturer is offering the larger seats on its A320 model . Samoa Air recently became the world's first airline to institute a 'pay-by-weight' system, where the weight of a passenger and their luggage determines fare price. Chief Executive Chris Langton said this was the 'fairest' way to charge travellers while addressing the obesity crisis - an acute problem in Samoa's Pacific region. Another carrier, Southwest Airlines requires its 'Customers of Size' who do not fit between the armrests to purchase another seat. In a November 2012 report on the issue, Dr Bharat Bhatta from Norway's Sogn og Fjordane University College said that a 'fat tax' is the way to price tickets 'correctly'. He said: 'The model can be technically and economically feasible to implement and its proper implementation may provide significant benefits to airlines, passengers and society at large, not just economic transfers.'
highlights: Manufacturer Airbus is offering two inch larger aisle seats on its A320 jets . But window and centre seats will both shrink to make space .
id: 46755401a0cc71de14f70f1a909612102ec4fd04
chatgpt: Airbus, one of the leading aircraft manufacturers, has announced that they will be introducing two-inch larger aisle seats on their A320 jets. However, in order to accommodate these wider aisles seats, the window and center seats will both shrink in size. The new design is part of the company's efforts to improve passenger comfort in economy class, where many travellers can feel cramped and uncomfortable during long-haul flights. The wider aisle seats will provide more space for passengers to move about the cabin, and will also make it easier for cabin crew to get through with their service trolleys. Airbus has designed the new seats with a unique "bucket" style, which will allow them to maintain the same number of seats in each row while still providing more comfort to their passengers. This bucket style design allows passengers to sit slightly lower than normal, meaning that the seats can be wider without encroaching on the space of other passengers. While the aisle seats will increase in size, the window and center seats will be reduced in width by one inch, and the armrests will be trimmed by half an inch on each side. Airbus has said that this slight reduction in size will not affect passenger comfort, and it will allow them to maintain the same number of seats in each row. The new seats will be installed on new A320neo aircraft, which will start being delivered to customers later this year. It is not yet clear whether the new seats will be retrofitted on older A320 planes. However, Airbus has said that they will be offering the new seats as an option for any airlines who are interested in upgrading their existing fleet. This move by Airbus follows similar initiatives by other aircraft manufacturers, such as Boeing and Bombardier, to improve passenger comfort in economy class. In recent years, airlines have faced increasing pressure to provide more comfortable and spacious seating options for their passengers. Many travellers have complained about the cramped conditions on board planes, particularly on long-haul flights. However, improving passenger comfort is not just about providing more space. It is also about providing better quality seats, entertainment systems, and amenities to help passengers feel more comfortable and relaxed during their journey. Overall, this new initiative by Airbus is a welcome step towards improving passenger comfort in economy class. While the reduction in size of the window and center seats may be a slight drawback, the wider aisle seats are likely to be welcomed by most passengers, and will make a real difference in their overall experience.