article: By . Mike Dawes . Floyd Mayweather Jr. has cut his ties to Golden Boy Promotions following Richard Schaefer's departure as chief executive of the company. Mayweather has never made a secret of his dislike for Golden Boy president Oscar De La Hoya who he has worked with since the pair fought in 2007. The junior middleweight and welterweight champion only worked with Golden Boy because of his close relationship with Schaefer, but also co-promoted his fights through his own Mayweather Promotions. Fresh start: Floyd Mayweather Jr. has left Golden Boy Promotions after Richard Schaefer's departure . Association: Mayweather had been co-promoted by Oscar De La Hoya's company since their fight in 2007 . Happier times: Mayweather (left) with promoter Schaefer (centre) and Saul Alvarez at a press conference last year . Mayweather's split decision victory over De La Hoya set the all-time pay-per-view record wth almost 2.5 million subscriptions and Golden Boy stand to lose millions in revenue as a result of his departure. Mayweather is next expected to enter the ring on September 13 after recently extending his career-long unbeaten streak to 46 with the defeat of Marcos Maidana on May 3. Following Schaefer's departure on Monday, the former Swiss banker released a statement outlining the reasons behind his decision. 'After more than 10 years with Golden Boy, it is time to move on to the next chapter of my career,' Schaefer said. 'This decision has required a great deal of personal reflection, but ultimately I concluded that I have no choice but to leave. I have succeeded in banking and I have succeeded in boxing, and I look forward to the next opportunity. 'I am proud to remain a shareholder, so I have a strong interest in the continued success of the company. I am proud of what we have accomplished at Golden Boy, but I now look forward to new challenges.' Rumours have suggested that Schaefer could be set to join Mayweather Promotions or launch a new company which will co-promote Mayweather fights, among others, in the way Golden Boy did. Partners: De La Hoya and Schaefer's relationship had been reportedly deteriorating for some time . Body blow: Mayweather's decision to quit Golden Boy could cost the company millions in revenue . Undecided: Schaefer is yet to confirm what his next move will be but it could involve working with Mayweather again .
highlights: Golden Boy co-founder Richard Schaefer quit company on Monday . Floyd Mayweather Jr. followed Schaefer by leaving Golden Boy . Mayweather does not get on with Golden Boy chief Oscar De La Hoya . Mayweather is expected to fight again in September 2014 .
id: 730c178e31170a5c7b42cbf8c823f8faaebd959e
chatgpt: In a shocking turn of events, Golden Boy Promotions co-founder Richard Schaefer has left the company he helped build from the ground up. Schaefer's resignation was announced on Monday, leaving many in the boxing world wondering what led to his sudden departure. But it didn't end there. Shortly after Schaefer's announcement, undefeated champ Floyd Mayweather Jr. followed suit and also parted ways with Golden Boy. Rumors suggest that Mayweather and Golden Boy CEO Oscar De La Hoya have been at odds for quite some time. The rift between Mayweather and De La Hoya is said to have began after the latter publicly insulted the boxing champion, calling him a "jailbird" due to Mayweather's past brushes with the law. Mayweather has never been one to shy away from conflict and the taunt likely didn't sit well with the fiery fighter. Despite his departure from Golden Boy, Mayweather's focus remains on his next fight scheduled for this coming September. Fans are already eagerly awaiting any news about who the undefeated champion will be facing next. Mayweather's decision to leave Golden Boy is indicative of the changing dynamics within the boxing industry. In recent years, fighters have been taking more control over their careers and have been seeking to cut out the middlemen who once held all the power. The one-two punch of Schaefer and Mayweather's departure from Golden Boy is certainly a setback for the company, which has long been a powerhouse in boxing promotion. But the industry is constantly evolving and it remains to be seen how, or if, Golden Boy will bounce back. For now, all eyes are on Mayweather and his upcoming fight. Boxing fans will be eagerly awaiting to hear who he will be fighting and how he intends to maintain his undefeated record. In the end, Schaefer and Mayweather's departures may lead to a new era in boxing, one where fighters take on a more active role in their careers and where the old guard may need to adapt to survive.