article: (CNN) -- If one legendary basketball superstar on the cover of your video game is great, what about three? 2K Sports announced Thursday that the cover art of their upcoming NBA simulation game, "NBA 2K12," will feature not just the return of Michael Jordan but also covers featuring 1980s greats Larry Bird and Magic Johnson. Each athlete will be shown separately on three distinct covers of the video game packaging. The artwork of each athlete was created for 2K Sports by artist Adam Larson. Larson's sports work has been highlighted in a cover of ESPN Magazine, featured in art galleries and won numerous awards. Jason Argent, vice president of marketing for 2K Sports, said after the huge success of Jordan on the cover for "NBA 2K11," the company signed His Airness to a multiyear partnership. But he said the company wanted to give fans more than just a repeat. "We are constantly focused on breaking the mold, not falling into any sort of pattern," he said. "We wanted to make a big statement and a big departure and continue to evolve and grow this franchise, which has been such a great level of success for us." Argent said the three covers for the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 versions will be shipped in equal numbers to each retail location in the U.S. He said all other platform versions and non-U.S. locations will only get the Jordan cover. "The idea was to keep doing things bigger and better and continue to shake things up." Argent said he thought the multicover approach was a first in the sports video game genre and extends the strong legacy established by "NBA 2K11." Last year's game sold more than 5 million units worldwide and won 14 Sports Game of the Year honors. He said they weren't ready to release gameplay details at this time, but the philosophy and success of the Jordan Challenge in "NBA 2K11" would be continued and expanded in the new version. "NBA 2K12" will be available on October 4, 2011, for the PlayStation 3, PlayStation2, Xbox 360, Wii, PSP and Windows PC.
highlights: Each athlete will be shown separately on three distinct covers of the video game . The artwork of each athlete is stylized and unique for 2K Sports, created by Adam Larson . NBA 2K12" will be available on October 4, 2011 .
id: 959f3b9765da770122fc207ed730159144322637
chatgpt: 2K Sports has made an exciting announcement today, revealing that each athlete will have their own cover for the upcoming video game, NBA 2K12. The game’s cover will be stylized and unique for each athlete, with the artwork created by Adam Larson. This is a significant move for the game, as it will highlight each athlete individually and allow fans to connect with their favorite player in a more meaningful way. Fans have been eagerly awaiting this announcement and are thrilled to see the unique cover designs. Adam Larson, the artist responsible for creating the covers, has an impressive track record when it comes to creating unique and captivating artwork. His work has appeared in numerous video games, movies, and comic books, and he is regarded as one of the top artists in his field. Each cover will be distinct, featuring the athlete prominently and capturing their unique style and personality. Fans can expect to see the covers in stores and online retailers from October 4, 2011. NBA 2K12 is shaping up to be an exciting release, with added features and gameplay improvements that will provide players with the most realistic basketball simulation available. Fans can anticipate improved graphics and gameplay mechanics, as well as new modes and challenges that will test their skills on the basketball court. The decision to release individual covers for each athlete is a smart move by 2K Sports, as it allows fans to connect with their favorite players personally. The covers are sure to become collectors' items and will be sought after by fans of the game and individual players alike. 2K Sports has been at the forefront of producing quality sports video games, and NBA 2K12 is no exception. With the new features, improved gameplay, and unique cover designs for each athlete, fans can expect the latest release of NBA 2K12 to be the most exciting yet. Overall, fans of the game and basketball enthusiasts alike can't wait to get their hands on the latest release of NBA 2K12. With the release of the individual covers for each athlete, fans have even more reason to be excited about this upcoming release.