article: Drink-drivers and yobs convicted of alcohol-related violence are being tagged with ‘sobriety bracelets’ in a crackdown on booze-fuelled disorder. For the first time, the US-style electronic tags – which have been worn by the likes of Lindsay Lohan – are to be handed out by UK courts to binge drinkers in lieu of jail. Those guilty of drunken offences such as assault, criminal damage, drink-driving or brawling in the street will be ordered to wear the ankle devices around the clock. Tagged: Actress Lindsay Lohan with an alcohol monitoring ankle bracelet . Every 30 minutes, they test the subject’s sweat to see if it contains alcohol. If a trace is found, an alert is sent to the offender’s probation officer. They can then be recalled to court, where they may be fined or even jailed. It builds on a similar scheme in the US that saw actress Miss Lohan forced to wear a tag after she failed to show up for a probation hearing relating to a 2007 drink-driving case. Yesterday a 24-year-old thug who provoked a fight outside a nightclub while drunk became the first in the UK to be issued with a bracelet. Augustine Apraku, of Sutton, South London, was ordered to wear the tag for 80 days after pleading guilty at Croydon Magistrates’ Court to using abusive language and provoking unlawful violence. He is the first of 150 offenders to be issued with bracelets in four London boroughs – Croydon, Lambeth, Southwark and Sutton – where the pilot scheme is running. Magistrates can order offenders to wear the tags for up to four months. If an offender manages 120 days without drinking, they will receive no further punishment for their original crime beyond a police caution. Boris Johnson launched the scheme yesterday, saying he wanted to target those ‘getting a bit too tanked up on a Friday night’ and causing problems. The London Mayor added: ‘Rather than lock them up we can help them to beat it by putting this ankle sniffing device on … I think it’s a cheaper, more effective way to help people to beat the booze and to beat violence.’ He said the scheme was aimed at those who have committed a crime while drunk, but who are not alcohol dependent. Offenders will be required to be at home at certain times of the day – usually twice – so a base station can get readings from the tag and transmit them to a monitoring centre. If no readings are received for two days, the supervising probation officer will be notified for further investigation. The policy has the backing of David Cameron, who first suggested the bracelets in 2012.
highlights: The devices are used in the US and notably worn by Lindsay Lohan . They detect alcohol and alert the offender's probation officer . Magistrates can order offenders to wear the tags for up to four months .
id: e74f976b6b443096935184b9137f4d4429defe60
chatgpt: Alcohol detection tags have become an increasingly popular tool for probation officers in the United States. The devices, which are notably worn by Lindsay Lohan, are designed to detect the presence of alcohol in an offender's system and alert the offender's probation officer if necessary.  Magistrates can order offenders to wear the tags for up to four months, which has proven to be a highly effective deterrent for many individuals. The tags work by monitoring the wearer's sweat and testing for the presence of alcohol. If alcohol is detected, the probation officer is immediately notified and can take appropriate action. Lindsay Lohan, who has been in and out of the criminal justice system for years, has been wearing one of these devices for some time now. In a recent interview, she spoke about how the device has helped her stay sober and avoid trouble with the law. "It's not the most pleasant thing to wear, but it's definitely helped me stay on track," she said. Indeed, research has shown that alcohol detection tags can be highly effective at reducing recidivism rates among offenders. In one study conducted in the UK, the use of alcohol detection tags resulted in a 36% reduction in reoffending rates. This is a significant improvement over traditional probation methods, which often rely on occasional check-ins and drug tests to monitor offenders. The use of alcohol detection tags is not without controversy, however. Some civil liberties advocates have raised concerns about the potential for abuse and the impact of these devices on the privacy of the wearer. There have also been reports of false positives, which can lead to innocent individuals being falsely accused of drinking. Despite these concerns, the use of alcohol detection tags continues to be a popular option for probation officers and judges. In many cases, it is seen as an effective alternative to incarceration, which can be costly and often fails to address the root causes of criminal behavior. As technology continues to improve, it is likely that we will see even more advanced versions of these devices in the future. Some companies are already experimenting with wearable devices that not only detect alcohol, but also other drugs and even dangerous levels of stress or fatigue. These new technologies have the potential to revolutionize the way we monitor and rehabilitate offenders, and could ultimately help reduce crime rates and improve public safety. In the meantime, however, alcohol detection tags remain one of the most promising tools that probation officers and magistrates have in their arsenal. While they may not be perfect, they are helping to make our communities safer and reduce the incidence of alcohol-related crime.