article: By . James Tozer . PUBLISHED: . 10:04 EST, 22 November 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 20:47 EST, 22 November 2012 . For more than a century and a half the simple symmetry of these former almshouses had remained an undisturbed gem. But that was before the unstoppable march of multi-coloured wheelie bins reached their village. The elderly residents of the historic terrace were shocked by the arrival of not one but three bins for each cottage – a total of 21 for the row – as well as two smaller indoor bins each, including an orange ‘caddy’ for waste food. New delivery: The wheelie bins were lined up outside these attractive cottages on Elizabeth Owen Terrace in Llanfair Dyffryn Clwyd, Denbighshire by the local council . They claimed that the bins blocked off . wheelchairs, ambulances and even the postman – as well as marring the . Victorian mock Gothic architecture. Unsightly: Each of the seven cottages received five bins, making 35 in total . Since they first rolled into . Llanfair Dyffryn Clwyd, Denbighshire, earlier this month, however, the . majority have mysteriously vanished. Denbighshire council said it had . not removed them. Yesterday residents complained that . those which remain outside Elizabeth Owen Terrace are still an eyesore . and a hazard. ‘I can hardly breathe, never mind move bins around,’ said . 77-year-old William Perry. 'Some of the neighbours had to come round and . move the bins away from my front door because I couldn’t get out, and I . can’t use the back door because of my disability. 'I was trapped. And . the ambulance comes here a lot and parks outside, but there is no way an . ambulance can get here now.’ Mr Perry, who has a severe heart . problem and only one lung, said his 90-year-old neighbour was ‘nearly in . tears’ at the situation. Fire hazard: The bins were delivered straight in front of the cottages, blocking some of the elderly residents in their homes . How it looked before: One of the idyllic cottages on Elizabeth Owen Terrace in Llanfair Dyffryn Clwyd in Denbighshire before the delivery of wheelie bins . ‘She was so worried about what she was . going to do with all these bins,’ he said. The cottages were built as . almshouses in the mid-19th century, and are still offered to pensioners . at affordable rents. Their rubbish was previously collected in bags, but now each cottage has three wheelie bins . collected fortnightly - a black one for general rubbish, a blue one for . recyclables and a green one for garden waste.
highlights: Denbighshire Council delivered 35 wheelie bins for just seven cottages . Elderly residents of Llanfair Dyffryn Clwyd left unable to leave their homes . Recycling initiative for 11,000 homes but residents call the bins 'ludicrous'
id: 817cdc736c5a3187cf95b6bd54c67d4072a2ea0a
chatgpt: Residents of Llanfair Dyffryn Clwyd in Denbighshire are up in arms following a recycling initiative that has left them with 35 wheelie bins for just seven cottages. The controversy began after the Denbighshire Council recently launched a new recycling initiative across the county, which included the distribution of new wheelie bins for all 11,000 homes in the region. However, the initiative has not been welcomed with open arms by some residents in Llanfair Dyffryn Clwyd, who have labelled the new bins "ludicrous" and are now struggling to get around their homes because of the sheer number of bins they have been given. As well as causing practical difficulties for residents, the issue has also highlighted concerns about the sustainability of the recycling scheme, with local residents questioning whether it is really necessary to have so many bins for just seven cottages. One resident, who did not wish to be named, said: "It's absolutely ridiculous. We've got more wheelie bins than we know what to do with. They've taken up so much space that we can hardly move around our homes. And for what? So that we can recycle a few extra bits of rubbish? It's just not worth it." Despite the backlash from some residents, however, the council appears committed to the scheme and has defended its decision to provide multiple bins for each household. A spokesperson for Denbighshire Council said: "We appreciate that some residents may have concerns about the number of bins they have been given, but we believe that the scheme will ultimately benefit everyone in the community by encouraging greater levels of recycling and reducing waste." The council also highlighted the importance of recycling, noting that it has become an important issue across the UK as local authorities strive to meet recycling targets set by the government. The spokesperson added: "Recycling is an essential part of our efforts to create a cleaner, more sustainable future for everyone. We are committed to working with communities across Denbighshire to make this happen, and we hope that residents in Llanfair Dyffryn Clwyd will continue to support our efforts." Despite the assurances from the council, however, local residents remain concerned about the impact of the initiative on their daily lives. With elderly residents citing particular difficulty in managing the large number of bins, it is clear that the recycling scheme will continue to be a topic of debate in Denbighshire for some time to come.