article: (CNN) -- It's standard fare for a neck-and-neck rivalry game with one second left. Outcome A: Make the field goal and win. Outcome B: Miss it and go into overtime. But there were some factors sweetening the suspense in this one. It was an Iron Bowl, generally an intense matchup, but the winner would claim the SEC West title and stamp a ticket to Atlanta for the conference championship. Then there are the teams, No. 4 Auburn and No. 1 Alabama, which have collectively won the last four national titles, with Alabama owning three of those and mopping the floor with the rebuilding Tigers 49-0 in last year's contest. If it wasn't spicy enough, Auburn's special teams had been on fire, blocking an earlier field goal and partially blocking a punt. Meanwhile, Alabama kicker Cade Foster had been terrible, missing three field goals, including the blocked one, prompting Alabama Coach Nick Saban to trot out a frosh to attempt the game winner. And, of course, the play turned out to be anything but standard when Auburn's Chris Davis invoked Outcome C, catching the ball deep in his end zone, and running it back 109 yards -- including a 15-yard sideline-tightrope scamper as he neared midfield -- for the touchdown. Auburn fans went bonkers, as Alabama fans hung their heads, neither believing what they'd seen. Here are a few of our favorite reactions: . The odd man out . Auburn fans go nuts . Caped crusader goes for swim . House divided . Bar squealer . Making children cry . Brother hates Bama . Exciting stuff, huh? Well, get a load of this: If Auburn wins the SEC Championship, and Florida State and Ohio State both lose their conference championships, Alabama could get a shot at redemption at the BCS Championship in Pasadena, California. It's unlikely it could top this weekend's Iron Bowl, but you never know.
highlights: Auburn-Alabama came down to a last-second field goal, usually a hit-or-miss situation . Auburn's Chris Davis caught missed field goal, returned it 109 yards for Iron Bowl win . Teams have won last 4 national championships, could possibly play for this year's .
id: 4de8d6f26159a0ae2f27ff54e8145636484a5f98
chatgpt: In a highly anticipated matchup between two of the top teams in college football, the Auburn Tigers and the Alabama Crimson Tide, the Iron Bowl came down to a last-second field goal attempt by Alabama. With the score tied 28-28 and only seconds remaining, the Crimson Tide's kicker, Adam Griffith, lined up for a 57-yard attempt, which is usually a hit-or-miss situation. As the ball sailed through the air, the crowd held its collective breath. But instead of splitting the uprights, the ball fell short and to the left, bouncing off the crossbar and into the hands of an unlikely hero. Auburn's Chris Davis caught the missed field goal and did the unthinkable - he returned it 109 yards for the game-winning touchdown, giving the Tigers an incredible 34-28 victory over their rivals. The stunning turn of events sent the Auburn faithful into a frenzy, and Davis became an instant legend in the state of Alabama. "I knew when I caught the ball that I had a chance to make a play," Davis said after the game. "I saw some blockers in front of me, and I just took off." The win not only gave Auburn bragging rights over their bitter rivals, but it also kept the Tigers' hopes alive for a berth in the national championship game. Both teams have won the last four national championships, and there is a possibility that they could meet again for this year's title. Auburn's victory also helped solidify the team's place as one of the top programs in the country. Despite being ranked lower than Alabama in the polls, the Tigers proved that they are a force to be reckoned with and that they can compete with the best of the best. As for Alabama, the loss was a bitter pill to swallow. Head coach Nick Saban lamented the missed opportunity and said that his team needed to learn from the defeat. "We had our chances, but we didn't execute when we needed to," Saban said. "This one hurts, but we'll bounce back and be ready for the next one." In the end, it was a game that will be remembered for years to come, as two of the top programs in college football battled it out in one of the greatest rivalries in sports. And thanks to one incredible play by Chris Davis, the Tigers came out on top in a game that will go down in history.