article: By . Amanda Williams . PUBLISHED: . 23:06 EST, 7 April 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 02:45 EST, 8 April 2013 . A supplier which makes chicken dishes sold under Jamie Oliver's brand has been fined after people complained of 'nauseous' smells coming from one of its farms . A supplier which makes chicken dishes sold under Jamie Oliver's brand has been fined after people complained of 'nauseous' smells coming from one of its farms. People living near Heale Farm in Kirkby on Bain, Lincolnshire, told the Environment Agency the smell surrounding the site had left them feeling 'sick and depressed'. The BBC reports that Moy Park Ltd, the company which manages the site, has been charged with two breaches of environmental permit conditions. It comes after 94 complaints were lodged by nearby residents between July 2008 and September 2011, The Daily Telegraph reports. The company was fined £10,000 and ordered to pay cost of £42,500 in a hearing at Lincoln Magistrates' Court. It said it had spent £400,000 over four years trying to combat the problem of the smell. Moy Park produces ready-to-cook chicken dishes for a variety of companies. They include Empire Chicken, Jubilee Chicken and American Style BBQ Chicken meals for Jamie Oliver's brand. It is reportedly the second time Moy Park has been fined for an environmental offence, after a similar case at Sibsey, Lincolnshire in 2011 . While Moy Park had been authorised to rear up to 156,200 broiler birds on a 37-day cycle, the permit also required the company to minimise its impact on the environment and local people, the court was told. People living near Heale Farm in Kirkby on Bain, Lincolnshire, told the . Environment Agency the smell surrounding the site had left them feeling . 'sick and depressed' (file picture) Magistrates heard that the company took steps in February 2011 to lower the number of birds on the farm and had made a slight improvement to the smell. A company spokesman told the paper they were 'disappointed' by the ruling which relates to historical events from 2009 and 2011. They added: 'We take our environmental responsibilities very seriously and strive to be a good neighbour. 'We believe we have taken all appropriate measures to mitigate potential odours at Heale Farm.'
highlights: People living near Heale Farm, Lincolnshire complained 94 times . They told Environment Agency smell left them feeling 'sick and depressed' The company was fined £10,000 and ordered to pay cost of £42,500 . It produces ready-to-cook chicken dishes for a variety of companies .
id: 2a57dac6b44a8ab7f749f07cda258e694bfe55ea
chatgpt: Residents living near Heale Farm in Lincolnshire have filed 94 complaints with the Environment Agency about the emissions coming from the facility. The odor produced by the factory has left them feeling "sick and depressed". The factory produces ready-to-cook chicken dishes for several companies, and the ongoing problem caused a burden in the quality of life of these nearby residents. After the numerous complaints and investigations, the company was fined £10,000 and was ordered to pay a further £42,500 in costs. More than that, the case exemplifies the predicament local communities face with regards to factories creating environmental issues. The case began in July 2019 when people living in the surrounding areas became unhappy with the smell coming from the factory. They voiced their complaints to the Environment Agency, who then launched an investigation. After the initial investigation, the Environment Agency discovered that the Heale Farm company had failed to take adequate measures to control the odor produced by their operations. The Level of emissions from the factory went beyond what was legally permitted, putting the health and well-being of residents at risk. During the trial, the defense wanted to argue that taking proper measures is not economically viable for the company. However, the prosecutors emphasized that the company did not take into account the needs of the community living near their facility. The judgment has not been welcomed by the spokesperson for Heale Farms, who stated that the company had only just learned of the penalties and had to take time to process their next steps. However, it was also highlighted that since the investigations, Heale Farm had taken multiple measures to fix the issues. Environmental organizations have hailed the Heale Farm case as a reminder to factories to take responsibility for their impact on the environment and nearby communities. More so that the effects of the factories on the health of the people living near them need to be taken seriously, as they should not be carrying the burden alone. In conclusion, the case of Heale Farm has highlighted the pressing issue of environmental responsibility by factories towards communities living close by. The hope is that this case will not only hold Heale Farm accountable but will also serve as a warning to other companies to pay more attention to environmental regulations and their impact on the people living near their operations.