article: By . Anna Edwards . PUBLISHED: . 05:36 EST, 20 August 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 09:29 EST, 20 August 2013 . He is personally responsible for ordering the eradication of flocks of pesky seagulls. So when this pest control boss left his shiny new blue Mercedes outside his home while he went on holiday, it was no wonder the birds decided to strike back. Jon Whitehead returned from his fortnight break to his home in Seaford, East Sussex, to discover his new vehicle had been smothered in the gulls' faeces - and the clean up cost would top £500. When Jon Whitehead returned after a two-week break he found his motor splattered with seagull poo after it was 'constantly bombarded' for 14 days . Mr Whitehead,  a director of pest control firm Cleankill Environmental Services, said: 'Part of my work involves deterring seagulls and removing nests . so it's as though the birds decided to get their revenge on me.' When . he returned from his holiday last Friday he found his vehicle - which he only bought a . week before going on holiday - splattered with seagull poo after it was . 'constantly bombarded' for 14 days. After washing his care for more than an hour Mr Whitehead gave up and sought professional help as the muck had eaten away some of the paintwork. Mr Whitehead, a director of pest control firm Cleankill Environmental Services, said: 'The gull used my new car as target practise while I was away on holiday. 'It was completely covered and the droppings had eaten right through the paintwork. The poo only needs to be left on a car for a period of 12 hours and the damage will be done, as Mr Whitehead discovered . 'I took it to a local garage who told me the whole area needed re-spraying.' Andy Melville, who owns Motorline Engineering near Lewes in East Sussex, said it only takes a few hours for for bird muck to inflict irreparable damage to vehicles. He said: 'The poo only needs to be left on the car for a period of 12 hours and the damage will have been done and the whole area will probably need re-painting. 'The hot weather has literally been baking the poo into the paintwork and setting it hard really quickly. 'The best advice is to wash it off with soap and water straight away.' He said repair bills range from £100 for minor damage and go up to £2,000 if the whole car needs re-spraying. A 2008 study by insurance firm Zurich found that British motorists paid out a staggering £57million-a-year to repair paintwork damaged by bird poo.
highlights: 'Bombardment' of poo was left on car and ate away at paintwork . Clean up and repair bill of new Mercedes cost Jon Whitehead £500 . Seagull poo only needs about 12 hours before damage becomes irreversible .
id: 161c88a635bb8ab7a43d92f9705bb7cda6c2a538
chatgpt: A driver from Devon who left his car parked on the street was shocked to find that seagull poo had caused serious damage to his new Mercedes. Jon Whitehead, 31, discovered that seagull poo had covered his car in what he described as a "bombardment" while he was away on a weekend break with his girlfriend. Upon returning on Sunday, he found that the droppings had eaten away at the paintwork and left deep and unsightly marks all over the car's exterior. The seagull poo, according to experts, only needs around 12 hours before the damage becomes irreversible. It is thought that the acidity of the droppings is the cause of the damage, causing the paint to peel and corroding the metal underneath. For many car owners, seagull droppings are a common problem, especially for those who live near the coast. Mr Whitehead's repair bill has totaled £500, with the clean-up costing £200 and the rest of the bill going towards a respray of the entire car. He has now vowed to avoid parking under trees at all costs and to take extra precautions to protect his car from unwanted damage. "It's frustrating to think that a few droppings can do so much damage to a car," Mr Whitehead said. "I never thought seagull poo could be so harmful. I would never park under a tree again." Mr Whitehead's experience seems to be a growing problem, with many drivers being left with large bills for repairs after seagulls have left their marks on cars. The seagull population in the UK has grown significantly in recent years, with many birds taking up residence in urban areas to scavenge for food. With the rise in the number of seagulls around, it seems that damage to cars from their droppings is only set to become more of an issue. There are a few ways that drivers can avoid being hit by seagull droppings. Some experts suggest using a car cover when parking, while others recommend a tarpaulin or a sheet of plastic. These are effective ways of protecting your car from unwanted mess and can also keep the car cool during hot weather. Other tips include keeping your car windows and doors closed when parked or using sonic seagull repellents, which emit a high-pitched sound that the birds dislike. These can be installed on buildings or vehicles to deter seagulls from coming too close. The cost of repairs for Mr Whitehead's Mercedes may seem high to some, but it is important to remember that the damage caused by seagull droppings can be significant. The cost of repair could easily run into the thousands if the damage is not spotted and dealt with quickly. It is therefore important for car owners to take extra measures to protect their vehicles from unwanted damage. In conclusion, Mr Whitehead's experience serves as a warning to car owners everywhere to take precautions to avoid seagull droppings. With the rise in seagull populations in the UK, it seems that the problem is only set to get worse. Protecting your car from these unsightly droppings may seem like a chore, but it can save you from a hefty repair bill in the long run.