article: YouTube star Will Reid’s instructional video series for teens has returned to the place where it all began – the bathroom. In the third instalment of his popular online series, the Southampton father has a simple lesson for teens who leave their wet towels on the floor. The tongue-in-cheek clip intended for his own children, James and Beth, teaches teens – and likely some adults – how to hang their used towels on a heated towel rail. 'Distressed dad' Will Reid points to a wet towel left on the bathroom floor . Mr Reid then points to a heated towel rail where the towel should have been placed to dry . In the one-minute video, the self-proclaimed ‘distressed dad’ points to an offending blue towel on the floor and folds it twice before hanging it on the metal rail. He tells the camera: ‘That’s all there is to that. Other places where towels don’t dry are on your bed, bedroom floor, hall floor, lounge floor, pretty much anywhere with the word floor in it.’ Writing on his YouTube page, he said: ‘In this episode I try and teach them how to hang up their towels so that they dry and can be used more than once! Fold twice: Mr Reid said he will continue his YouTube series because it is annoying his children . Hang to dry: It's so easy that even a teenager can do it . ‘Again, they say no one will be interested and still can't believe people watched my first video. Let's prove them wrong and show them that us parents do know what we are talking about. Please don't let me down!' He added: ‘You may have someone in your life that isn't a teenager but you think still needs to see this video. Please feel free to share with them too.’ Mr Reid’s first video taught teenagers how to change an empty toilet roll in the bathroom and went on to surpass four million views, making him somewhat of an online celebrity. Will Reid's other videos have taught teens how to change a loo roll and load a dishwasher . He followed that up with a clip that shows teens – and, again, likely a lot of adults – how to load filthy cutlery and crockery into a dishwasher. Without giving any hints he is promising to release a fourth video soon. In his latest video, he tells the camera: ‘I’m going to continue using social media because it’s sort of getting the message across to (James and Beth) and it also annoys them’
highlights: This is the third video in series produced by Southampton father Will Reid . It is intended for his children but likely contains lessons for some adults too . Previous videos taught teens how to change loo roll and load dishwasher . Mr Reid plans to continue his YouTube series because it 'annoys' his kids .
id: e5caf80c5ca6abface94d77a00fb626ca65a0249
chatgpt: In today’s fast-paced world, children are growing up with vast amounts of information readily available at their fingertips thanks to technology. However, it seems that some of the most important lessons in life are still taught the old-fashioned way, with a little bit of humour and a lot of love. Southampton father Will Reid is doing just that with his YouTube series, which teaches his children vital life skills in a comical and entertaining way. The latest video in the series is the third instalment, and it is already causing quite a stir. Titled “How to clean the house”, the video is aimed at teaching Will’s kids the basics of keeping a tidy home. But it is not just his children who are taking note. In fact, many adults watching the video have commented on the valuable lessons it contains, proving that you are never too old to learn something new. Previous videos in the series have included lessons on how to change a toilet roll and how to load a dishwasher, both of which have been incredibly popular. When asked why he decided to start the series, Will explained that it was initially intended to annoy his children, but it quickly became apparent that there was a real demand for this type of content. “With so much information available online, I wanted to create something that was simple and easy to follow,” says Will. “These videos are not just entertaining, but they are also practical and can be used in everyday life.” The videos have proved a huge hit with parents looking for fun ways to teach their children vital life skills. However, it is not just parents who are fans of Will’s work. Many adults have also commented on his entertaining and educational videos, with some even stating that they have learned something new themselves. “The video on how to change a toilet roll may seem funny, but it is actually incredibly useful,” said one viewer. “I never realised there was a right way to do it, but now I always make sure the paper comes over the top!” Will plans to continue creating videos in the series, with the hope of reaching even more people. He believes that his videos are a great way to make learning fun and accessible, and he encourages anyone who has not yet watched them to give them a try. “At the end of the day, my goal is to help people learn something new in a way that is enjoyable and memorable. If I can achieve that, then I will be very happy,” says Will. With the success of the series so far, it seems that Will has achieved just that. His videos are helping people of all ages to learn valuable life skills in a fun and entertaining way, proving that sometimes the simplest things in life really are the most important.