article: Forget trendy toys - all one little girl wanted for Christmas was her military father home early from Afghanistan. And this week, that wish came true. A camera crew captured the heartwarming homecoming surprise at BB Owen Elementary School in Texas on Tuesday. Kennedy Shaw was filmed as she got up on stage  to unwrap a giant bow-wrapped present she 'won' during a rigged raffle. Footage shows her tackling the gift while her peers watch on, then all of a sudden her father jumps out and she can barely contain her excitement. Scroll down for video . Caught on camera: Kennedy Shaw got her Christmas wish early this week when her military father staged a festive homecoming surprise . Shocked: Sgt. Jayson Shaw got teachers at Kennedy's school to wrap him up in a big box - his daughter was then called up to the stage to open the parcel after 'winning' it in a rigged raffle . Dad's home! The 5th grader could hardly contain her excitement when she saw what was inside . Overwhelmed: Kennedy expected her father back home  from Afghanistan next spring . Reunited: The family now plan on spending lots of time together over the holidays . Kennedy is seen lurching back in shock, before putting her hands over mouth and squealing. She then goes to give her father a big hug. Sergeant Jayson Shaw was deployed overseas in June to manage properties. He wasn't expected home until at least March 2015, but due to U.S. military operations being scaled back he was sent home early. He surprised his mother and brother when he arrived back in North Texas at their homes but decided to do something extra special for his daughter. He coordinated with Kennedy's school and managed to get a large box donated by Home Depot. Crowd-pleaser: The surprise homecoming was watched by dozens of spectators . Emotional moment: After the grand reveal, Shaw's tearful daughter Kennedy said: 'I thought he was going to be back, like, towards my birthday in April or something' Teachers made it look like a present and wrapped Shaw in it. After the grand reveal, his tearful daughter Kennedy told NBC News: 'I thought he was going to be back, like, towards my birthday in April or something.' She added that it was by far the best gift she could have wished for and doesn't need anything else for Christmas. The family are now looking forward to spending time together over the holidays. 'It's definitely a blessing. I'm just so happy to have him home for Christmas. I'm so happy,' Shaw's mother, Kennedy's grandmother, said.
highlights: Kennedy Shaw was filmed as she got up on stage at BB Owen Elementary School in Texas to unwrap a giant present she 'won' during a rigged raffle . When she takes a bow off the gift her father jumps out . Sergeant Jayson Shaw was deployed to Afghanistan in June and not expected back until at least March 2015 . Kennedy says she doesn't need anything else Christmas after getting her father home early .
id: 1854f5a9bd49af7c9eb597246caeb4c3787661b3
chatgpt: Kennedy Shaw, a young girl from BB Owen Elementary School in Texas, received the best Christmas gift she could ever ask for. As she approached the stage to unwrap a giant present she had 'won' during a rigged raffle, she had no idea what was about to happen. The crowd cheered as she began to tear away the wrapping paper, but when she finally pulled off the bow, her father appeared. Sergeant Jayson Shaw had been deployed to Afghanistan in June and was not expected back until at least March 2015. However, with the help of the school and the United States Army, Kennedy's father was able to come home early for the holidays. The heartwarming surprise was captured on video by a member of the school's staff and quickly went viral on social media. The video shows Kennedy's father, dressed in his uniform, jumping out of the giant present and embracing his daughter. Kennedy, who had not seen her father since he was deployed, was overcome with emotion. "I don't need anything else for Christmas," she said, tears streaming down her face. "I got my daddy home early." The surprise reunion left many in the crowd in tears as they watched the special moment unfold. It was a reminder of the sacrifices made by our men and women in uniform, and the importance of family during the holiday season. For Sergeant Shaw, the surprise was a welcome change from his daily life in Afghanistan. "It's just great to be home and to see the look on Kennedy's face," he said. "It's a blessing to be home for the holidays." The video has since been shared thousands of times, with many people thanking the Shaw family for their service and sacrifice. It serves as a reminder that there are many families across the country who will not be able to see their loved ones this holiday season, and the importance of supporting our troops and their families. For Kennedy and her family, the holiday season will be extra special this year, as they get to spend it together. As for the giant present, it will serve as a reminder of the best Christmas gift they ever received - the gift of family.