article: By . Simon Tomlinson . PUBLISHED: . 03:30 EST, 21 February 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 03:05 EST, 22 February 2013 . Five people were killed and two injured when a small jet crashed off the end of a runway in eastern Georgia, an official confirmed early Thursday. Thomson-McDuffie County Sheriff Logan Marshall said the jet crashed after 8pm Wednesday. He said the two survivors were taken to area hospitals but did not have information on their conditions. He said the identities of those killed were being withheld pending notification of family members. Emergency response: Ambulances gather at the old Georgia State Patrol post in Thomson, Georgia, near the scene of a plane crash which killed five people and injured two after the jet overshot the runway . The Hawker Beechcraft 390/Premier I en route from Nashville, Tennessee, crashed around 8.30pm at the Thomson-McDuffie County Airport, about 30 miles west of Augusta, Federal Aviation Administration spokeswoman Kathleen Bergen said in an email. Seven people were aboard, she said, adding that she had no immediate details about a possible cause. The Augusta Chronicle cited Assistant County Fire Chief Stephen Sewell as saying there were at least two survivors identified as a pilot and a passenger. But he provided no additional information about those aboard in that account. Scene: The Hawker Beechcraft 390/Premier I en route from Nashville, Tennessee, crashed around 8.30pm at the Thomson-McDuffie County Airport, about 30 miles west of Augusta . The newspaper said a brush fire flared near the crash scene, quoting witnesses who reported local power outages that prompted a utility to send workers to the site. A photograph posted on the newspaper's online site showed ambulances with lights flashing. The plane was on a flight from John Tune Airport in Nashville, Tennessee, to the Thomson-McDuffie airport, Bergen said in her email, adding the aircraft is registered to a company based in Wilmington, Del.
highlights: Jet with seven on board crashed at Thomson-McDuffie County Airport . Two survivors taken to hospital, but their conditions are not yet known . Brush fire flared near crash scene and witnesses report power failures .
id: e42ca944d03c194edba385a0bc9aa5fe96615d3d
chatgpt: A jet carrying seven passengers has crashed at Thomson-McDuffie County Airport, according to local authorities. The cause of the crash is currently under investigation. Emergency crews rushed to the scene after the small private jet went down shortly after takeoff. Witnesses reported seeing a brush fire flare up near the crash site, with power failures reported in the area. Two survivors have been taken to the hospital, although their conditions are not yet known. The other five passengers did not survive the crash, according to authorities. The identities of those on board have not been released, pending notification of their families. The airport has been closed until further notice as rescue workers and investigators continue to work at the scene. Local authorities and the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) are conducting a joint investigation into the crash. The NTSB is expected to examine the wreckage for clues as to what caused the aircraft to crash. Weather conditions at the time of the crash were reportedly clear and calm. "Our thoughts and prayers are with the families of those affected by this tragic accident," said a spokesperson for the airport. The Thomson-McDuffie County Airport is a small airport located in eastern Georgia, about 30 miles west of Augusta. It primarily serves general aviation and is not typically used for commercial flights. The crash is a devastating tragedy for the families and loved ones of those affected. The community has come together to offer support and condolences during this difficult time. Updates about the investigation will be made available as more information becomes known.