article: (CNN) -- Real Madrid coach Jose Mourinho insisted his team can still win Spain's La Liga despite their humiliating 5-0 defeat to arch-rivals Barcelona in the Camp Nou on Monday night. Mourinho admitted Real had suffered a "much deserved loss" in the first Clasico clash of the season, but claimed it was not a true reflection of the abilities of the two sides. "It wasn't an embarrassment," the 47-year-old told a post-match press conference. "It's the biggest loss of my career but it's an easy loss to swallow because it's a loss in a game that you have no chance of winning." "[There was] a team that played to its maximum potential and a team that played very poorly. It's a much deserved loss, but again, it was an easy loss to swallow." Five-star Barcelona thrash Real Madrid . It was Mourinho's first defeat since arriving at the Bernabeu and left reigning champions Barcelona two points clear of Los Blancos at the of the top of the standings. But with 25 matches still remaining in Spanish season, the Portuguese is still optimistic his team can hit back. "The league championship will be decided a long time from now," he said. "After the match, I told the players that the league isn't over yet. We have to have mental fortitude. "When you win important things, you have a reason to cry for joy and when someone scores five against you, you have to leave with an eagerness to play the next game. "Barcelona is a finished product. Real Madrid, even though it has been playing well, isn't a finished product. But the result today was not indicative of the difference that exists between both teams." The match had been billed as a clash between two of the world's best and most evenly-matched teams, but Pep Guardiola's men dominated in front of their home fans. They were 2-0 up inside 20 minutes through goals from Xavi and Pedro. A brace from David Villa and a late strike by substitute Jeffren completed the humiliation and Barca coach Guardiola could not have been more satisfied. "How we did it, that makes us proud," he told the club's official website. "Now just let us sit back and enjoy that win." He singled out Argentina ace Lionel Messi, who emerged on top in his personal duel with Real's fellow superstar Cristiano Ronaldo. "Messi is the best of them all. In all aspects of his game he is just the best." Mourinho will hope his team can bounce back in a difficult home fixture against fifth-placed Valencia on Saturday, while Barcelona travel to Osasuna on the same day.
highlights: Jose Mourinho refuses to write off his side's chances of winning Spanish title . His team were beaten 5-0 at the Camp Nou in his first defeat as Real Madrid coach . Mourinho says his team played very poorly and "deserved to lose" Barca coach Pep Guardiola hails Lionel Messi as the best player in the world .
id: 2310a5a9cafb887788a271aee2fa8d60b362837c
chatgpt: In his first defeat as Real Madrid coach, Jose Mourinho refused to write off his side's chances of winning the Spanish title. Mourinho's team were beaten 5-0 at the Camp Nou, with Barcelona coach Pep Guardiola hailing Lionel Messi as the best player in the world. Speaking after the match, Mourinho admitted that his team played very poorly and "deserved to lose." However, he also stressed that the season is long and that his team would continue to fight for the title. "We knew that this would be a difficult match, and obviously we are disappointed with the result," Mourinho said. "However, we won't give up. We still believe that we can win the title, and we will continue to work hard to achieve our goal." While Mourinho may be optimistic about his team's chances, it was clear that they were outclassed by Barcelona on the night. Messi, in particular, was in scintillating form, scoring two goals and causing havoc for the Real Madrid defense throughout the match. Guardiola was quick to praise Messi after the match, stating that he was the best player in the world. "Lionel Messi is incredible," Guardiola said. "He is the best player in the world, and he showed that tonight. He is a joy to watch, and we are lucky to have him in our team." Despite the defeat, Real Madrid remain in second place in the La Liga standings, just two points behind Barcelona. They will have a chance to bounce back next week when they take on Real Zaragoza. For Mourinho, the defeat was a stark reminder of the challenge his team faces if they are to win the Spanish title this season. While they have shown plenty of promise this campaign, they will need to improve if they are to beat a Barcelona side that looks every bit a champion team. Ultimately, though, it's clear that Mourinho is not ready to give up on his title aspirations just yet. With plenty of football still to be played this season, anything is possible in the La Liga title race.