article: By . Michael Zennie . A new video has emerged showing Las Vegas gunman Jerad Miller in the midst of a conspiracy-theorist rant while imitating the Joker from the hit film The Dark Knight. 'I want to be President. I want to be the warmonger, not just some terrorist. Not just some everyday terrorist, domestic terrorist,' he raves in the 2012 video footage obtained by Inside Edition. 'I want to blow up whole countries, whole nations. I want to make everyone submit to one world order governance, under my rule!' Scroll down for video . Jerad Miller, 31, posed as the Joker in a video where he is seen ranting and raving about the One World Order and other political conspiracy theories . Killers: Jerad and Amanda Miller have been identified as the couple who killed three in Las Vegas on Sunday . Miller is made up in full costume - a practice that was something of a past time for him and his wife - while he delivers a monologue apparently meant to mock President Barack Obama, who he believed was setting up concentration camps and planning to take away American citizens' guns. Miller, 31, and his wife Amanda, 22, ambushed and killed two Las Vegas police officers on Sunday before fleeing to a Walmart, where they shot dead a civilian who pulled a gun on them. Amanda Miller then shot her husband in the head before committing suicide as SWAT officers closed in. Jerad Miller, an avowed white supremacist and neo-Nazi, is said to have shouted 'The revolution is coming!' during the rampage. He also draped one of the dead officers with a swastika. It is believed that Miller was motivated by a raft of conspiracy theories about the 'New World Order' - including the belief that a United Nations-controlled government was planning to round up citizens and take away their weapons and ship them to concentration camps. Villains: The couple regularly dressed as Batman villains The Joker and Harley Quinn, neighbors said . These are all on full display in the Inside Edition video. 'Vote for me, America. Utter transparency. You will know what you get with me, and I'm telling you - it's what you want.' Inside Edition will detail the entire report Tuesday and Wednesday.
highlights: Jerad Miller, 31, dressed up like the Joker to mock President Obama and raved about One World Order in a new video aired by Inside Edition .
id: 66c9ddc987a158a8732e0b651d12ea7a823b5ecd
chatgpt: A video of Jerad Miller, 31, dressed up as the Joker while mocking President Obama has recently gone viral. The video was aired by Inside Edition earlier this week and has caused quite a stir on social media. In the video, Miller can be seen donning the iconic green wig and white face paint of DC Comics' infamous villain, the Joker. As he rants into the camera, he expresses his disdain for President Obama and his policies. He also raves about the One World Order conspiracy theory, claiming that it is a real threat to the world as we know it. This video has received a great deal of backlash from people who believe that it is inappropriate and disrespectful to mock the President of the United States. Some have even labeled Miller's behavior as unpatriotic and hateful. However, others have defended Miller's right to free speech and argue that he is simply expressing his political opinion. Regardless of where one stands on the issue, it is clear that this video has stirred up a great deal of controversy. Many individuals have taken to social media to express their opinions and engage in heated debates about the appropriateness of Miller's behavior. Some people have also pointed out that Miller's use of the Joker persona is particularly troubling given the character's association with violence and chaos. The Joker is, after all, a ruthless and unpredictable villain who has caused a great deal of harm in the DC Comics universe. Despite the outcry, it is likely that this video will continue to circulate on social media and spark further discussion. It remains to be seen whether or not Miller will face any legal or social consequences for his actions. However, it is clear that his behavior has sparked a great deal of passion amongst those who are passionate about politics and respectful discourse. Overall, the video of Jerad Miller dressing up like the Joker to mock President Obama has brought up important questions about free speech, political discourse, and the appropriateness of certain types of political expression. As the debate continues, it is important that individuals on both sides listen to each other's views and engage in respectful dialogue.