article: The toy company that gained notoriety earlier this year by creating a meth lab play set inspired by the hit TV show Breaking Bad is at it again, this time turning their attention to adult entertainment. Just in time for Christmas, the Chicago-based Citizen Brick specializing in custom-printed Lego pieces has come out with the Citizen Brick Center for the Performing Arts - a play set featuring a swinging strip club scene. The plastic jiggly joint is called the Foxy Blox club, and it comes with buxom strippers in bikini tops, a hairy-chested male dancer and a stage with a pole in the middle. They're at it again: Citizen Brick, the company that came out with a Breaking Bad-inspired meth lab set earlier this year, has now created a strip club toy set called The Center for the Performing Arts . Cheeky: The set comes with two customized Lego strippers in bikini tops and G-strings . Plastic showgirls: The adult toy even comes with a stripper pole on a raised platform . The company posted this tongue-in-cheek description of the grownup toy on its website: 'The Citizen Brick Center for the Performing Arts is place where dreamers can dream, and dancers can dance. And dream. And also dance.’ The attention to detail is impressive: from plastic dollar bills scattered around the podium to the strippers' fishnet stockings and clear plastic pumps, this set has got it all. The decor at the Foxy Blox is classic nudy bar circa 1970s, complete with a 'Girls Girls Girls' poster on the wall, zebra-printed couches and pink leopard-printed floors. A series of colorful hologram foil printed paintings and a palm tree in the corner add a touch of class to the establishment. The set comes with four minifigs: two scantily clad female strippers, a mustachioed male performer with a bow tie a la Magic Mike and a pompadour coif, and a DJ in sunglasses positioned behind a turntable. Make it rain: To make the Foxy Blox club feel like a real strip joint, the toy makers included a pile of plastic dollar bills . Something for everyone: The Foxy Blox is an equal opportunity strip club where hairy-chested, mustachioed performers are just as welcome as buxom female entertainers . Supporting characters: No jiggly joint would be complete without a DJ who knows his way around a turntable . Pricey present: The Lego-inspired sets are available to pre-order for $275 . The adult play set is currently available to pre-order on Citizen Brick's site for $275. In an effort to avoid any confusion (or trademark lawsuits), the plucky Chicago manufacturer posted a disclaimer online making it clear that they are not affiliated with the Danish toy giant The LEGO Group. ‘Our friends at Lego asked that we remind you... “This is not a LEGO® Product. These are re-used LEGO elements that have been repackaged or altered from their original form,’ the notice reads.
highlights: Chicago-based Citizen Brick is selling a play set featuring a strip club scene . The Foxy Blox club comes with two female strippers in bikini tops, a hairy-chested male dancer and a stage with a pole . The toy maker specializes in custom-printed Lego pieces but it not affiliated with The Lego Group . Strip club set is available to pre-order for $275 .
id: 23fa64037310e1bdec117c7f02a7dbf3099cc753
chatgpt: Chicago-based toy maker Citizen Brick has been making waves recently for its latest addition to its line of custom-printed Lego pieces. The Foxy Blox club play set features a strip club scene complete with two female strippers in bikini tops, a hairy-chested male dancer, and a stage with a pole. While some may find the playset controversial, Citizen Brick founder and CEO Joe Trupia sees it as simply a reflection of pop culture. "We're not promoting strip clubs or anything like that," Trupia said in a recent interview with CNN. "We're just representing what's out there in society." Trupia says that the idea for the Foxy Blox club came from customer demand. "We've had a lot of requests for risque kind of stuff," he said. The play set is available for pre-order on Citizen Brick's website for $275. Citizen Brick specializes in custom-printed Lego pieces, but the company is not affiliated with The Lego Group. While Lego has strict guidelines on what can and cannot be made with their products, Citizen Brick is able to produce more adult-oriented playsets. Critics of the Foxy Blox club play set have argued that the toy is inappropriate for children. But Trupia says that the toy is marketed toward adults and collectors, not children. "Our toys are meant for adults to collect, display, and play with," he said. "We're not marketing this to children. It's not sold in toy stores." Trupia also addressed concerns about the message that the Foxy Blox club play set could send to children. "I don't think that kids are going to see this play set and immediately think that it's okay to go to a strip club," he said. "It's up to parents to educate their children on what's appropriate and what's not." The reception to the Foxy Blox club play set has been mixed, with some praising Citizen Brick for its creativity and others criticizing the company for promoting an adult-oriented theme. Trupia says that he expected the play set to be controversial, but he stands behind his company's decision to produce it. "We're not trying to be controversial for the sake of being controversial," he said. "We're just trying to represent what's out there in society. Whether people like it or not, these types of establishments exist." For those who are interested in adding the Foxy Blox club play set to their collection, it is now available for pre-order on Citizen Brick's website. As for what the company has planned next, Trupia says that they are always looking for new and exciting ideas. "We're constantly coming up with new designs and themes," he said. "Our customers are always giving us ideas too. We'll see where it takes us."