article: By . Alex Greg for MailOnline . The University of Alabama football fan who poisoned rival team Auburn University's landmark oak trees will not be making an appearance at an upcoming charity event after organizers received death threats on social media. It appears the roots of Auburn fans' hatred of Harvey Updyke, 65, are deep and they aren't willing to let bygones be bygones, even in for a good cause. The September 29 event, planned by former Alabama quarterback AJ McCarron, his wife, former Miss Alabama Katherine Webb, and his mother Dee Dee Bonner, is to raise awareness and funds for children's cancer. Tree change: Following his release from prison for poisoning Auburn University oak trees, Harvey Updyke moved to Louisiana. His upcoming appearance in Mobile, Alabama for a charity event has been cancelled after organizers received death threats . Game changer: After they received death threats on social media, organizers former Miss Alabama Katherine Webb and her husband, former Alabama quarterback AJ McCarron decided to cancel Updyke's appearance . Updyke poisoned the beloved oak trees at Toomer's Corner on the Auburn campus after they beat Alabama in 2010. Updyke was arrested after a man calling himself 'Al from Dadeville' - Updyke's middle name is Almorn - phoned Paul Finebaum's radio show claiming he poured herbicide around the 130-year-old oaks after Auburn's win over rival Alabama during the 2010 national championship season. The caller signed off by saying, 'Roll Damn Tide.' He served six months in jail for the crime and was released last spring. Deep roots: The 130-year-old oaks poisoned by Updyke were mourned by Auburn fans . Attendees at the charity event would have had the opportunity to dunk Updyke in a tank of water or throw a pie in the face in exchange for a donation to Roses for Linda, a charity that helps families with transportation costs to visit dying loved ones. However, it became apparent that Auburn fans wanted to hit Updyke with more than just pies. Bonner told ESPN that she had received 'death threats and other ugly messages on social media.' 'It seems to be taking away from the primary purpose, which is raising awareness for children's cancer,' she said. A Twitter account called All_Auburn tweeted, 'Ol' Harvey getting death threats? What the hell did they expect. How many bricks can you put in a pie?' Updyke now lives in Louisiana and is banned from attending any college sporting event for life. He had to pay almost $800,000 to Auburn University.
highlights: Harvey Updyke, 65, poisoned 130-year-old oak trees at Auburn University after they defeated Alabama in 2010 . His appearance at a children's cancer charity event has been cancelled after organizers received death threats . He served six months in prison for his crime .
id: 0e65cb579403c4afa6303663286b96e683e6bd71
chatgpt: Harvey Updyke, the man responsible for poisoning two of the most cherished oak trees in the Auburn University campus, continues to feel the consequences of his crime, even after serving his time in prison. Now, news has surfaced that Updyke's scheduled appearance at a children's cancer charity event has been cancelled after the organizers received numerous death threats. It seems that even six years after the crime that shook the rivalry between Auburn and Alabama, Updyke is still facing the wrath of fans. The now, 65-year-old Updyke made headlines in 2010 after he poured herbicide on the southern live oak trees at Toomer's Corner, a popular meeting spot for Auburn fans. It was a cruel, heartless move that outraged fans and spectators, some of whom had strong connections with the university. It was rumored that Updyke's motive for the act was his allegiance to the Alabama football team, who had just lost to their archrivals. But while the fans were left reeling in despair, Updyke was soon caught and convicted. He served six months in prison and was released in 2013.  But it seems that Updyke's admission of guilt and his jail sentence have done nothing to soothe the residual anger harbored by Auburn fans. It's understandable, given that the oak trees were a symbol of pride and tradition for the university, and their age spanned over 130 years. The incident sparked a cleanup effort, but the trees eventually succumbed to their injuries, and the remnants had to be removed. Organizers of the charity event that was set to feature Updyke claimed that they were inundated with threats once it was announced that he would be present. In light of this, they decided to cancel his attendance, citing that they could not guarantee his safety. It's an unfortunate turn of events, as the charity event could have been an opportunity for Updyke to make amends and show that he has turned over a new leaf. However, it seems that Updyke will continue to face the repercussions of his odious act. While some may say that the death threats are too extreme, it's hard to argue against the intense emotions that people feel over sports rivalries. Updyke's actions were reprehensible, and it's understandable that fans would not want him to have a platform to redeem himself. Regardless of what happens in the future, it is clear that the effects of this troubling event will continue to linger on for some time. The oak trees may be gone, but their legacy will undoubtedly live on, as will the fervent passions of college sports fans.