article: By . Nick Mashiter, Press Association . Danny Welbeck has warned Arsenal's title rivals he is just warming up after opening his Gunners account. The £16million striker bagged his first goal for the club in their 3-0 win at Aston Villa on Saturday. Villa's bright start was wiped out in just over three first-half minutes as Mesut Ozil and Welbeck scored before Aly Cissokho's own goal. Danny Welbeck has admitted he is still getting to know his new team-mates following his move to Arsenal . Mesut Ozil (left) and Welbeck (right) both managed to get on the scoresheet against Aston Villa on Saturday . England striker Welbeck was mobbed by his new team-mates after opening his Arsenal account at Villa Park . MC Boyadee has labelled Danny Welbeck 'Wele' on the back of the England striker's goal against Aston Villa . Welbeck set up Ozil's opener for the German's first goal of the season as he answered the critics who had called for him to be dropped. The World Cup winner had been lambasted for his performance in the 2-0 Champions League defeat at Borussia Dortmund last week. But he also teed up Welbeck and the 23-year-old believes now he has settled at the Emirates Stadium he will only improve. 'I've not had as many training sessions as I would have liked to but I'm starting to know the other players a lot better. In time I'm sure the understanding will be positive,' the former Manchester United star told the club's official site. Welbeck is hoping to build on his first Arsenal goal since sealing a move to Arsenal for £16million . Wenger singled out Ozil and Welbeck for praise after Arsenal's 3-0 win against Paul Lambert's side . VIDEO It's the response we needed - Wenger . 'It was a good team performance and we started really well. We moved the ball and got in behind them at times - that was the difference. 'We knew facing Aston Villa would be difficult. There's never an easy game in the Premier League. Once we took our first goal we looked in control of the game.' The Gunners were untroubled once they had raced into the lead and boss Arsene Wenger was delighted with Ozil and Welbeck's contribution. 'In the second half it was a possession game, a controlled game, because they didn't come out too much,' he said. 'Overall it's still a convincing win where Welbeck and Ozil scored and that's important as well.' Like our dedicated Arsenal Facebook page.
highlights: Arsenal striker Danny Welbeck scored his first goal for his new club against Aston Villa on Saturday . England ace Welbeck starred in Arsene Wenger's 3-0 win at Villa Park . Welbeck sealed a £16m move to Arsenal from Manchester United . The 23-year-old has been nicknamed 'Wele' after he opened his goalscoring account .
id: 91876ceaaf73a6c2a1877fe107d90a5db8d2cb03
chatgpt: In a convincing display of skill and precision, Arsenal striker Danny Welbeck scored his first goal for the team against Aston Villa on Saturday. The England international, who was signed by Arsene Wenger for a £16m fee from Manchester United, helped secure a 3-0 victory at Villa Park. Welbeck's sterling performance was a welcomed sight for Arsenal fans, who have been eagerly anticipating his success after his high-profile move from Manchester United. The 23-year-old forward, who has already been nicknamed "Wele" by fans, opened his goalscoring account early on in the game with a powerful shot that left Villa goalkeeper Brad Guzan helpless. Welbeck's goal was instrumental in Arsenal's comfortable victory, which saw Alexis Sanchez add two more goals to the team's tally in the second half. Welbeck's performance also earned him praise from his manager, who praised his ability to contribute effectively to the team. "Danny played well today," Wenger said. "He gave a lot of support to our midfield and was able to score a fantastic goal. We are very happy with his performance." In addition to his sterling goal-scoring performance, Welbeck's all-round play was also impressive. The striker showcased his impressive pace, dribbling ability and positional sense, making it clear that he was a valuable addition to Arsenal's attacking lineup. Speaking after the match, Welbeck expressed his delight at having scored his first goal for the team. "It's always great to get off the mark early on," he said. "I'm just glad I could contribute to the team's success today. We have a great group of players here and I'm looking forward to continuing to work hard and contribute to the team's success." Welbeck's performance will no doubt be the subject of much discussion among pundits and fans alike in the coming days. However, for Arsenal fans, his goal-scoring debut will be seen as a sign of great things to come this season. With the likes of Sanchez, Mesut Ozil and Santi Cazorla in Arsenal's attacking lineup, Welbeck's goal-scoring prowess will be a valuable asset to the team's title aspirations. As the Premier League season progresses, all eyes will be on Welbeck to see if he can continue his impressive form for Arsenal. For now, however, the striker can take heart in the fact that he has made a positive start to his career with the team.