article: The Confederation of African Football (CAF) will begin discussions on Tuesday over whether to find new hosts for next year’s African Nations Cup finals or cancel the tournament. CAF’s executive committee will meet in Cairo to decide what to do having rejected host Morocco’s request for a postponement. It insists on going ahead with the planned January 17 to February 8 dates even though the north African country wants a postponement over fears of a possible spread of the Ebola virus. Nigeria celebrate their 2013 triumph but the 2015 edition is in doubt after Morocco refused to host . CAF is sure to strip Morocco of the hosting rights and might begin disciplinary proceedings which could severely affect their participation in future African competitions. But CAF must also find a solution to the hosting of its showpiece event or face a heavy financial blow if the tournament has to be called off. Effectively, by ruling out moving the 16-team finals from its scheduled dates, CAF would have to find a new host. On Monday, Ghana joined the list of countries turning down the opportunity to stage the event. “The representation we have received from people in the health sector (means) it doesn’t look (like) Ghana is in a position to accepting hosting the tournament and we have conveyed this message to CAF,” said sports minister Mahama Ayariga . Egypt and South Africa have also issued a public ‘no’. CAF president Issa Hayatou is adamant that the tournament should go ahead this winter as planned . But CAF executive committee member Constant Omari suggested on Monday there was a plan to ensure the tournament would go ahead. “The financial damage and the consequences for CAF and its marketing partners would be too severe to call it off,” he told French radio. CAF media director Junior Binyam said a statement that CAF’s decision would be communicated only after the conclusion of the executive committee meeting, which could stretch into Wednesday. Morocco’s sports minister Mohamed Ouzzine told Reuters on Monday they had not heard from CAF since sending the regional governing body a letter on Saturday repeating their request for a postponement and had no idea what CAF’s decision would be.
highlights: CAF’s executive committee will meet in Cairo to decide what to do . Morocco's request to postpone the tournament was rejected . CAF insists on going ahead with the January 17 to February 8 dates .
id: 72439c959b074d67cbefa3c63c9f3991fe0237c2
chatgpt: The Confederation of African Football's (CAF) executive committee is set to gather in Cairo to discuss the fate of the Africa Cup of Nations tournament. The upcoming tournament is scheduled to take place between January 17 and February 8, but Morocco has requested to postpone it due to fears over the Ebola virus. CAF rejected Morocco's request, citing the fact that the World Health Organization has not recommended any travel restrictions related to the virus, which has killed over 5,000 people in West Africa. CAF has stated that they will not postpone the tournament, but will consider moving the location of the games if necessary. Morocco's request for a postponement came as a surprise to many, as the country has not recorded any cases of Ebola. However, the Moroccan Football Federation argues that the large influx of visitors to the country during the tournament poses a significant risk. Moroccan authorities have reportedly taken measures to prepare for the tournament, including installing temperature scanners at airports and major ports, but CAF has stood firm on their decision to go ahead with the original dates. The potential impact of moving or postponing the tournament is significant. The Africa Cup of Nations is one of the biggest events on the continent, with millions of fans eagerly anticipating the chance to watch the best football teams in Africa compete. The postponement or relocation of the tournament would also have significant financial implications for CAF and the countries involved. Despite the concerns over Ebola, CAF has emphasized that they have taken every precaution to ensure the safety of players, officials, and fans. CAF's decision to go ahead with the tournament has received support from many African countries, including Guinea and Liberia, who hope that the tournament will help bring a sense of normality to countries affected by the virus. The executive committee's meeting in Cairo is expected to be a tense affair, with members of the Moroccan Football Federation hoping to convince CAF to reconsider their decision. However, given the financial and logistical challenges involved in changing the dates or location of the tournament, it seems unlikely that CAF will reverse their decision. The upcoming Africa Cup of Nations tournament promises to be an exciting event, with some of the most talented footballers in Africa preparing to showcase their skills. It remains to be seen how the Ebola outbreak will impact the tournament, but one thing is for sure - the eyes of the world will be on Africa in January and February, eagerly watching as the continent's best football teams compete for glory.