article: By . Richard Hartley-parkinson . Updated: . 17:04 GMT, 10 January 2012 . Out-dated teaching in mosques is behind a dramatic rise in the number of young Muslims going to prison, a top cleric has said. Ahtsham Ali, an adviser to the Prison Service, said that mosques in the UK fail to engage with the young men that come through their door because they use imams from overseas who are unable to preach in English. He said that more needs to be done to understand problems in society like family breakdown, arranged marriages and drugs. Mosques need to move with the times if they are to stop young Muslims from becoming disillusioned, Prison Service adviser Ahtsham Ali has said . He also said there was a difficulty with the absence of good male role models and too much emphasis on religious rituals. Mr Ali said: 'It is a tragedy. I have seen youngsters, the next generation, just totally switch off from it. This is dangerous. it allows others to take advantage to take up the vacuum.' Over the past year the Muslim prison population has reached 10,600, according to the Times, and accounts for 12.6 per cent of all prisoners - a huge over representation considering that just three per cent of the UK is Muslim. The rise over the past 20 years has been phenomenal with a jump from 1,957 inmates in 1991. Mr Ali says he works with some of the best imams in Britain with 55 full-time, 59 part-time and 96 running sessions in prisons. He said that they are able to get through to the under-30s, the group that is most likely to commit crime, because they approach them differently. 'Make religion fun,' he said. 'Have a pool table in the basement of the mosque, that kind of thing.' Muslims account for three per cent of the UK population, but 12.6 per cent of prison inmates . Mr Ali added that the emphasis needs to move away from the length of someone's beard and religious rituals. 'Prison imams will play five-a-side football, will go around and chat,' he said. 'Ask how was the film last night. That kind of relevant bonding is good.' He added: 'I have had prisoners say to me "Tell me why do I have to go to prison to get a good imam?" That is a sad state of affairs we have.' Mosques in the UK operate independently, according to Mr Ali, and many import imams from abroad. The lack of an ability to speak English is also compounded by a problem with imams not being able to relate to young Muslims, many of whom have been brought up in the UK and have a different outlook on the world. Inayat Bunglawala, chairman of Muslims for UK, said that one of the problems is that imams are poorly paid so there is a problem with recruitment.
highlights: Mosques use overseas clerics who cannot speak English and have different outlook, warns cleric . Failure to connect leaves a 'dangerous' vacuum .
id: 687a24dd9124a1a37169097d1e51d7e5acbeb5e8
chatgpt: A prominent cleric has warned that the use of overseas clerics in some mosques across the UK is leaving a "dangerous" vacuum that could make young people vulnerable to radicalisation. Shaykh Ibrahim Mogra, an imam and spokesperson for the Muslim Council of Britain, made the statement after expressing concern that some mosques are failing to connect with young Muslims due to the use of non-English speaking clerics. Speaking to The Guardian, Mogra explained that many overseas clerics come from different cultural backgrounds and outlooks, and as such, they may not understand some of the challenges faced by young British Muslims. "When you bring somebody who doesn't understand the language or the culture and who has a different outlook on life, there's always that danger that what they say and what they do will not be in tune with the aspirations of young British people," he said. Mogra's warning comes amid ongoing efforts by the UK government to clamp down on extremist ideologies, particularly in the wake of recent terrorist attacks in London and Manchester. The government has called for greater cooperation between the authorities and Muslim communities, including the use of British-born imams who are better able to relate to young people. However, Mogra acknowledged that the use of overseas clerics is not entirely negative and that many have made significant contributions to their local communities. He also stated that it is not always possible for mosques to find suitable British-born leaders. "There are many overseas imams who have come to this country who have done an excellent job and they have been able to connect with young people and make a positive difference in their lives," he said. "But there are also some who are seen as being alien to the culture and the norms of this country, and that can be counterproductive in terms of connecting with young people." The issue of overseas clerics is just one of many challenges faced by mosques across the UK, according to Mogra. He also highlighted issues such as a lack of funding and resources, as well as discrimination and Islamophobia. Despite these challenges, Mogra remains optimistic about the future of British mosques and their ability to play a positive role in communities around the country. "I think mosques have a lot to offer, not just to Muslims but to society as a whole," he said. "They provide a sense of community and a place for people to come together, and I think that's something that's very important in today's society." In order to address the issue of overseas clerics, Mogra has called for greater efforts to improve English-language skills among Muslim communities and to encourage the development of home-grown imams who can better connect with British youth. He has also suggested that British mosques should work more closely with local authorities and other community groups to tackle issues of radicalisation and extremism, and to promote greater understanding and dialogue between different faiths and cultures.