article: Amazon is planning to open its first physical store in Manhattan, it has been claimed. The firm has signed a lease on a building on 34 Street, opposite the Empire State Building, the Wall Street Journal said. It would act as a pickup and returns centre for customers, as well as a showroom for the firm's Kindle line. Amazon's new store will be opposite the Empire State Building. It will act as a pickup and returns centre for customers, as well as a showroom for the firm's Kindle line. In some locations, instead of delivering a parcel an address, Amazon customers can opt for their purchases to be dropped at a locker location. This removes the risk of being out when it is delivered in the post. Once the parcel arrives at the locker, the buyer will get an e-mail notification with a unique pick-up code and a barcode. The email will also include details of when the lockers - often located in stores - are open. When the customer arrives at the locker, they then enter the pick-up code or scan the barcode, releasing the package. Opening a physical location is 'about marketing the Amazon brand,' said Matt Nemer, a Wells Fargo analys told the WSJ. 'Same-day delivery, ordering online and picking up in store are ideas that are really catching on. Amazon needs to be at the center of that.' People familiar with the matter cautioned that Amazon's plans could change, and that the store is an experiment and could be deemed unsuccessful. If it is successful, however, the New York location could presage a rollout to other U.S. cities,it is claimed. The 12-story building on 34th Street, owned by Vornado Realty Trust, once housed an Ohrbach's department store and now has Mango and Express stores at street level. There are two loading docks at the back of the building, useful for bringing merchandise in and out. It is believed the location was chosen to take advantage of the footfall of tourists. The Empire State Building last year attracted 4.3 million visitors to its observatory, and Macy's flagship store nearby draws more than 20 million annual visitors. Amazon already offers a locker option in New York. Instead of delivering a parcel an address, Amazon customers can opt for their purchases to be dropped at a locker location. Your goods are on aisle 427: One huge Amazon 'fulfilment centre' in the UK. The firm is now set to open its first store in Manhattan, opposite the Empire state Building . This removes the risk of being out when it is delivered in the post. Once the parcel arrives at the locker, the buyer will get an e-mail notification with a unique pick-up code and a barcode. The email will also include details of when the lockers - often located in stores - are open. When the customer arrives at the locker, they then enter the pick-up code or scan the barcode, releasing the package.
highlights: Store opposite Empire state building expected to open for holiday season . Would allow customers to pick up and return items . Also expected to show off Kindle range . Firm already operates lockers around Manhattan customers can pick up good from .
id: 6fd41a70d3470faa18f17bb7013bb8fa7093c8db
chatgpt: Attention shoppers: A new store is expected to open just in time for the holidays, right across from the iconic Empire State Building. The store will not only allow customers to pick up and return items, but it will also be showcasing an exciting range of Kindles. This new store, which is yet to be named, is expected to be a huge hit for holiday shoppers who are looking for convenience and variety all in one place. The new store is by no means Amazon's first foray into the world of physical retail. The retail giant already operates lockers around Manhattan that customers can pick up their goods from, but this new store takes things to a whole new level. Located on the corner of 34th Street and Fifth Avenue, the store is perfectly situated for tourists and locals alike who are looking to get their hands on last-minute gifts, browse, or even return items that they've purchased online. Amazon's new store will allow shoppers to skip the shipping fees and receive their products right away. The best part about Amazon's new store is that it’s not just a pick-up location. The store will also have an impressive display of Amazon’s Kindle range, giving shoppers the opportunity to test out some of the latest models and pick up a last-minute gift for the bookworm in their lives. As one of the most popular electronic readers in the market today, many shoppers will be thrilled to see this range at their fingertips. The holiday season is a time when shoppers are frantically searching for that perfect gift for their loved ones, and with the new store's convenient location, it will be a prime destination. With the ability to either purchase the latest model of Kindle or simply pick up your already-purchased goods and exchange it for a product of your choice, this is truly a gift to the shoppers of Manhattan. According to reports, Amazon's physical stores have been thriving since their debut, and the idea of having a store opposite the iconic Empire State Building has generated a lot of excitement in the online community. Many people are eagerly anticipating the opening of this new store, and it's clear that this holiday season will be a lot merrier with Amazon's latest store addition. In addition to the store’s impressive display of Kindles, shoppers will also be able to browse a curated selection of Amazon products, including the company’s popular Echo devices, Fire TV and tablets. With the ease of simply walking into the store and having access to the variety of products, holiday shoppers will be in good spirits soon enough. So, what can shoppers expect when visiting Amazon's new store this holiday season? They can expect to be met with an exciting array of gift possibilities, coupled with great customer service and competitive pricing. With the store's prime location, shoppers can relieve the stress of fighting through a crowd and enjoy an easy and convenient shopping experience. In a world that is increasingly becoming dominated by the digital marketplace, Amazon's new store is a refreshing change of pace, and a clear nod to the convenience of physical retail experiences. Shoppers in Manhattan, brace yourselves for Amazon's latest addition, as it promises to be a holiday shopping destination unlike any other.