article: A man accused of burning his girlfriend's 5-month-old son so badly that part of the child's left leg had to be amputated has pleaded guilty to a felony assault charge in central Ohio. Twenty-year-old Zachariah Keen, of Mount Vernon, entered the plea Tuesday in Knox County court, avoiding a scheduled trial. Two child endangering charges were dismissed. Guilty: Zachariah Keen, pictured, pleaded guilty to a felony assault charge on Tuesday. Keen was accused of burning his girlfriend's 5-month-son so badly part of the child's leg had to be amputated . Girlfriend: Mother Lora Miller's baby also needed skin grafts on one arm . According to Fox28, Keen said 'I was going to give him a bottle and I heated it in a microwave for too long of a time.' 'I then had this occurrence and the baby was burned,' he also said. 'And I did not seek help right away because I did not know the severity of the burn at the time.' The affiliate station reported '[t]he child's father Zach Hammons appeared angry and had tears streaming down his face during Keen's confession.' Fox28 reported the child is in Hammon's custody. Keen will be sentenced next month. A message left with his attorney from the Associated Press wasn't immediately returned. Prosecutors have said Keen told police he tripped and spilled a baby bottle of hot water while baby-sitting in mid-January, but authorities didn't believe the second- and third-degree burns were accidental. Keen was accused of knowingly hurting and failing to seek appropriate medical help for the child, who also needed skin grafts on one arm. In January following the incident, the baby's mother Lora Miller told Mount Vernon News 'the burn is to the bone.' Last month, Keen said on Facebook he is expecting a child with Miller and uploaded photos that purportedly show her sonograms. Parents: Last month, Keen said on Facebook he is expecting a child with Miller .
highlights: Twenty-year-old Zachariah Keen pleaded guilty to a felony assault charge Tuesday . Prosecutors have said Keen told police he tripped and spilled a baby bottle of hot water while baby-sitting the boy in mid-January, but authorities didn't believe the  burns were accidental . Keen was accused of knowingly hurting and failing to seek appropriate medical help for the child, who also needed skin grafts on one arm . Last month, Keen said on Facebook he is expecting a child with girlfriend Lora Miller .
id: 7c640529280c8b5e2d72d3fdbdcc99a3be29bdbf
chatgpt: Zachariah Keen, a 20-year-old man, pleaded guilty to a felony assault charge on Tuesday. Keen had been accused of intentionally hurting a child in his care and failing to get the necessary medical attention for the boy's serious burns. The child had to undergo skin grafts on one of his arms due to the severity of the burns. According to prosecutors, Keen claimed that the burns were the result of accidentally tripping over a baby bottle filled with hot water. However, investigators did not believe Keen's story, and his behavior raised red flags. Upon further investigation, it became clear that Keen had knowingly caused harm to the boy. Keen had been hired to babysit the child back in mid-January when the incident occurred. Authorities contacted the child's mother after noticing the severity of the burns. Prosecutors said that Keen willfully chose not to seek proper medical help for the victim, which resulted in further complications for the child. Keen faced up to 25 years in prison if found guilty of the charges against him. In his guilty plea, Keen acknowledged his responsibility for the crime and expressed remorse for the harm he caused to the child. Last month, just prior to his guilty plea, Keen made an announcement on Facebook that he and his girlfriend, Lora Miller, were expecting a child. The news of his impending fatherhood came as a shock to many. As for the child who was hurt under Keen's care, investigators say that he is still recovering but is expected to make a full recovery. The boy is currently in the care of his mother, who expressed relief at the guilty plea. She hopes that justice will be served and that her child can move on from the ordeal. As for Keen, he is set to be sentenced next month. His fate is now in the hands of the court, which will determine the severity of his punishment for the serious crime he committed.