article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 22:27 EST, 18 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 09:16 EST, 19 October 2013 . A Walmart stock clerk who was fired for violating company policy after helping a woman who was being assaulted in the parking lot has been offered his job back. The retail giant reversed course after public outcry over Kristopher Oswald's termination from the Walmart in Hartland, Michigan, over the weekend. Mr Oswald says he was just doing the right thing when he stepped in to help the young woman, who was being harassed and manhandled by her boyfriend. The furious boyfriend punched Mr Oswald in the head six times and his two friends then beat him up. Jobless: Kristopher Oswald says he never thought he'd be fired for coming to the aid of a woman in distress . When he returned to work the next day, his boss handed him a pink slip. 'We looked into the situation, reviewed the facts, talked to witnesses,' Walmart spokeswoman Brooke Buchanan said Friday. 'While . Mr Oswald broke a policy of ours - a policy put in place to protect our . associates and our customers ... we realize Mr Oswald's intentions were . good.' The company said it has called Mr Oswald and told him he can come back to work for Walmart. Mr Oswald previously said he was not sure he'd want to work for Walmart again if he was offered his old job. He never thought he could be fired for doing the right thing, he said. 'I never expected all of this. And the least I expected was to not have a job,' Mr Oswald told WXYZ-TV. But Walmart says corporate rules demanded that Mr Oswald not intervene in that circumstance. Mr Oswald's manager wrote he was fired 'after a violation of company policy on his lunch break.' The assault happened about 2.30am on Sunday in the parking lot while Mr Oswald was on his meal break . 'We . had to make a tough decision, one that e don't take lightly, and he's . no longer with the company,' company spokeswoman Ashley Hardie told the . Associated Press. Mr Oswald . said he was in his car on his break from his job stocking shelves about . 2.30am Sunday when he saw a man grabbing a young woman. It appeared that . he was trying to stop her from leaving the parking lot, Mr Oswald said. He said he asked her . if she needed help and the man started punching him in the head and . yelled that he was going to kill him. Mr Oswald said he was able to get . on top of the man, but then two other men jumped him from behind. Livingston County sheriff's deputies arrived and halted the fight. The woman was not seriously hurt. Police investigated, but could not track down the suspect. Mr Oswald had worked for Walmart for about seven weeks and said he would not have been considered a permanent employee until after his 180-day probation.
highlights: Retail giant reversed course after public outcry for firing good Samaritan . Kristopher Oswald has not accepted the offer to be rehired yet and previously said he might not want to go back to work for Walmart .
id: 1c287bd2ae956eccbcbc099b69af839a1484521b
chatgpt: Retail giant Walmart has reversed its decision to terminate the employment of Kristopher Oswald, a good Samaritan who had come to the aid of a woman who was being attacked in the company's parking lot. Oswald had been fired for violating the company's policy by intervening in the altercation, but Walmart's decision was met with fierce public backlash. The company has since offered to rehire Oswald, but he has yet to accept. The incident occurred in November 2019 when Oswald, who worked as a maintenance worker at Walmart, saw a woman being attacked by a man in the store's parking lot. In an act of bravery, Oswald intervened and managed to stop the attacker. However, his actions were in violation of Walmart's policy, which prohibits employees from intervening in dangerous situations. After the incident, Walmart conducted an investigation and terminated Oswald's employment for violating company policy. However, the decision was met with widespread public criticism, with many people praising Oswald for his heroism and condemning Walmart for punishing him. In response to the backlash, Walmart issued a statement saying that it had reviewed the incident and had decided to offer Oswald his job back. "We have decided to reverse our original decision and offer Mr. Oswald his job back, with full back pay," the statement read. However, Oswald has not yet accepted the offer, and has said that he is unsure if he wants to go back to work for Walmart. "I appreciate the gesture, but I'm not sure if I want to go back to work for a company that doesn't appreciate its employees," Oswald said in a statement to the media. The incident has sparked a wider conversation about the treatment of employees in retail and other low-wage industries. Many workers in these industries are subject to poor working conditions, low pay, and limited job security. Additionally, these jobs are often viewed as disposable, with little value placed on the contributions of the workers. In recent years, there have been a number of high-profile cases of companies mistreating their employees, including Starbucks, Amazon, and McDonald's. However, there have also been cases of workers fighting back and demanding better treatment, such as the workers at Walmart who staged protests in 2013 calling for higher wages and better working conditions. The incident involving Kristopher Oswald has once again highlighted the importance of standing up for what is right, even if it means going against company policy. Oswald's actions show that there are still people willing to do the right thing, even if it means putting their own job at risk. In conclusion, Walmart's decision to reverse its decision to terminate Kristopher Oswald's employment is a step in the right direction. However, it remains to be seen whether Oswald will accept the offer to return to work for the company. The incident has highlighted the need for companies to value their employees and to treat them with the respect they deserve. It is only by creating a workplace culture that values its workers that we can create a more just and equitable society.