article: (CNN) -- Ukraine says it will lift restrictions on tourism in the zone around the Chernobyl nuclear power plant in 2011, formally opening the scene of the world's worst nuclear accident to visitors. A limited number of visitors already are allowed into the 30-kilometer (19-mile) exclusion zone around the Chernobyl nuclear power plant, which exploded and burned in 1986. The Ukrainian government will present a detailed plan for lifting the remaining restrictions on travel to the area December 21, said Viktor Baloga, the former Soviet republic's emergency situations minister. Background radiation in the accident zone is still well above normal. But far from being a wasteland, wildlife has rebounded in the exclusion zone and trees are reclaiming the ghost city of Pripyat, said Mary Mycio, author of "Wormwood Forest," a 2005 book on the area. "It is very moving and interesting and a beautiful monument to technology gone awry," Mycio said. The April 1986 accident killed 32 plant workers and firefighters directly, and the International Atomic Energy Agency estimates nearly 4,000 more will die of related cancers from the radioactive material released by the disaster. Currently, guides from the Chernobyl Zone Authority take about 20 to 30 people into the exclusion zone a day during the summers, said Yuri Rozgoni, whose Toronto-based travel agency, Ukrainianweb, books tours to the site. The tours typically take between five and six hours, not counting the drive to and from the Ukrainian capital Kiev, he said. While travel is no longer restricted to scientists and researchers, "The only way to enter the zone (now) is with a certified guide on a certified tour group," Rozgoni said. "That's a huge restriction." Guides monitor radiation levels and "know where the people can go and where the people cannot go," he said. Mycio said tourists should wear "something that you wouldn't mind leaving behind in case it does get dirty." But most radioactive material has sunk into the soil, and visitors receive a dose comparable to the exposure they would receive on a trans-Atlantic flight. "The only concern I would have is if too many people come in and it becomes this nuclear Disneyland," Mycio said. "That would take away from a wildlife sanctuary (that has thrived) in the absence of people." CNN's Maxim Tkachenko contributed to this report.
highlights: Ukraine will present plans to open Chernobyl next week . Author says the site is "very moving and interesting" About 20 to 30 people a day now visit during summers .
id: fafe18642931bda68a46bd1c78301ac1223aa6b6
chatgpt: Next week, Ukraine will present plans to open the infamous Chernobyl nuclear power plant for tourists. The author of the proposal stated that the site is "very moving and interesting" and that they expect a high volume of visitors to the site once it opens. Although the disaster occurred over 30 years ago, the plant and its surroundings remain a grim reminder of the catastrophic accident that occurred in 1986. Currently, around 20 to 30 people visit the Chernobyl site each day during the summer months. However, after the announcement of the opening of the plant, officials expect a significant increase in traffic. The proposal includes the establishment of well-constructed paths and facilities to accommodate visitors. The Chernobyl accident is considered one of the worst nuclear disasters in history, and its aftermath is still being felt today. The explosion and subsequent radiation fallout resulted in the evacuation of over 100,000 people and left a lasting impact on the surrounding environment. Despite this, the author of the proposal believes that the site has value as a tourist attraction. Visitors can witness the eerie abandoned city of Pripyat, where time seemed to stop after the disaster. The area is home to abandoned schools, hospitals, and apartment buildings, all left as they were during the evacuation. The Chernobyl nuclear power plant has been closed to the public since the accident, and only a small number of authorized personnel are allowed into the site. The proposal to open the plant has been met with mixed reactions, with some arguing that it is inappropriate to monetize a disaster that resulted in so much suffering and loss. However, proponents of the plan argue that the Chernobyl site has historical and cultural significance, and opening it to visitors could be a unique opportunity for education and awareness. They also point to other nuclear disasters, such as Fukushima, where a number of tours and educational programs exist. Despite the mixed opinions, the proposal will be presented next week, and it remains to be seen whether it will be approved. However, if the site is opened for tourists, it is expected to be a significant draw for those interested in history and the impact of nuclear disasters.