article: London (CNN)British former pop star Gary Glitter on Friday was sentenced to 16 years in prison for child sex abuse offenses he committed more than three decades ago. Glitter, 70, whose real name is Paul Gadd, was convicted this month of one count of attempted rape of a girl under the age of 13, one count of having sex with a girl under the age of 13 and four counts of indecent assault against girls. He was sentenced at Southwark Crown Court in London for the six offenses, committed against three victims between 1975 and 1980. There is no statute of limitations for such offenses in the UK. Glitter was known as a "glam rocker" in the 1970s for his flamboyant clothes and performing style. He sold 18 million records with hits such as "I'm the Leader of the Gang (I Am!)," "I Love You Love Me Love" and "Rock 'n' Roll." Detective Chief Inspector Michael Orchard of London's Metropolitan Police praised the courage of the abuse victims in coming forward to police. "Paul Gadd has shown himself to be a habitual sexual predator, who took advantage of the star status afforded to him by targeting young girls who trusted him and were in awe of his fame," Orchard said. "His lack of remorse and defense that the victims were lying make his crimes all the more indefensible." Glitter was the first person to be arrested under the police's Operation Yewtree, set up in 2012 in the wake of a flood of sexual abuse allegations against the late radio and TV star Jimmy Savile and others. Savile, who died in 2011 aged 84, was revealed after his death to have been one of Britain's most prolific sex offenders. British police say more than 200 victims -- between ages 5 and 75 -- have been identified. Glitter had been prosecuted previously on sex charges. In 1999, he admitted possessing child pornography and was jailed for four months. While living in Vietnam, he was convicted of sex offenses against young girls and jailed for nearly three years before being deported to England. Glitter is the latest celebrity to be accused or convicted of historic sex offenses. Last year celebrity publicist Max Clifford was sentenced to eight years' imprisonment for assaults on girls, while Australian entertainer Rolf Harris was jailed for five years for indecent assaults against four girls.
highlights: Gary Glitter is sentenced to 16 years in prison after being convicted of child sex abuse . The former "glam rocker" has been prosecuted previously on sex abuse charges .
id: d1abb3955f7805cc93e56a7876388de219ef4285
chatgpt: Gary Glitter, the former "glam rocker," has been sentenced to 16 years in prison after being convicted of child sex abuse. The 70-year old musician, whose real name is Paul Gadd, was found guilty of committing a string of sex offenses against three girls between 1975 and 1980. This wasn't the first time Glitter has faced charges for sexual offenses. In 1999, he was convicted of possessing child pornography and served two months in prison. In 2006, he was convicted in Vietnam of committing obscene acts with minors and sentenced to three years in prison. During his recent trial, the court heard how Glitter had used his fame to groom and manipulate his young victims. The judge, upon sentencing him, called Glitter a "predatory and dangerous" individual who showed no remorse for his actions. The victims, who were between the ages of 8 and 13 at the time of the abuse, gave evidence during the trial via video link. They spoke of the trauma and pain caused by the "king of glam rock," who had abused their trust and subjected them to vile acts. The trial has once again highlighted the issue of child sex abuse and the importance of speaking out against it. The NSPCC, a leading charity that works to prevent child abuse, has called for more resources to be put towards tackling the issue. In a statement, the charity said: "The scale of child sexual abuse in this country is truly shocking, and it's vital that we as a society do everything we can to stop it. It's clear that more resources need to be put towards both supporting victims and prosecuting offenders." Glitter's fall from grace has been a long and drawn-out affair. Once one of the biggest stars in the UK, he has now become synonymous with child sex abuse. His music has been banned from radio stations and his name struck from the honours list. The case has also raised questions about the support and protection offered to victims of child sex abuse. Campaigners have called for better education and support for young people, as well as greater scrutiny of those in positions of power and influence. In the wake of the verdict, Glitter's legal team released a statement saying they were "disappointed" with the sentence and would be considering an appeal. However, for the victims of the "glam rocker," justice has finally been served. The sentence may never make up for the trauma they have endured, but it sends a clear message: child sex abuse will not be tolerated in any form.