article: By . Tom Bellwood . PUBLISHED: . 07:02 EST, 1 May 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 01:14 EST, 2 May 2013 . Join the debate, join our debut Hangout this Friday by clicking here and completing the form. You'll need to be free at 1pm on Friday and have use of a webcam... We look forward to meeting you. MailOnline Sport launches a mini-series of Football Friday Google+ Hangouts this week. Neil Ashton, the most prolific football journalist in the UK, will lead the debate as the Barclays Premier League reaches its thrilling climax. Manchester United may have won the title, but they're still racing towards a record points hauls. Will they do it? Chelsea stand in their way this weekend... Talking of Chelsea, who will be in the manager's seat next season? It won't be Rafa Benitez. Will it be the Special One? Sportsmail's Ashton is the man in the know. This is your chance to ask him. Biter Luis Suarez was booed at the glitzy - but controversial - PFA Awards night. Was that unjust? Neil was in the audience. Liverpool fans, join the debate and ask our Football News Correspondent his views. The Merseyside derby at Anfield is . another of this Sunday's stand-out matches, being played against the . back-drop of a fierce race for European qualification. There's still much at stake for both . Liverpool and Everton and Tottenham, Arsenal and Chelsea. Find out how . Neil sees that battle playing out. Can Tottenham hang on to Gareth Bale? How long will Arsene Wenger remain at the helm at Arsenal? Is Fernando Torres as bad as the media make him out to be? The questions are there to be asked. Find out if Neil has the answers on Friday... Talking point: This is the moment immediately after Liverpool's striker Luis Suarez (right) bit Chelsea defender Branislav Ivanovic . Sportsmail's Football News . Correspondent has led a distinguished career at the Daily Mail and . previously at the now-defunct News of the World. He has a reputation for breaking the biggest and best football stories and regularly follows England around the world. He is the anchor of Sky Sports' Sunday Supplement newspaper TV discussion show and is a pundit for Al Jazeera. Known in the industry simply as Ash, Neil writes a weekly column for MailOnline titled Ash Wednesday. Click here to read his catalogue. Follow him on Twitter: @neilashton_ . Football Friday MailOnline Google+ Hangout . Sorry we are unable to accept comments for legal reasons.
highlights: MailOnline Sport's first Google+ Hangout, Friday 1pm . Football Friday series to run every week until the end of the season . Be part of the debate by completing  the application form below . Watch the big football debate here live on MailOnline Sport .
id: e35b6d4538a36a793d1d59357b46404fad906c97
chatgpt: MailOnline Sport is excited to announce its first ever Google+ Hangout, which will be taking place this Friday at 1pm. The event is part of the new Football Friday series, which will run every week until the end of the season. The Google+ Hangout will give football fans the opportunity to be part of the big football debate and join in the conversation. To take part, simply fill in the application form below and we will send you an invitation to join the Hangout. The Hangout will be streamed live on MailOnline Sport, giving football fans around the world the chance to join in the discussion. Our expert panel will be joining the Hangout to discuss the latest football news and current events. Don't miss out on this opportunity to be part of the conversation and hear from some of the biggest names in football. The Football Friday series will cover a range of topics, from the latest transfer news to analysis of the weekend's fixtures. The series will feature expert analysis and commentary, as well as exclusive interviews with some of the biggest names in football. The series is set to be a must-watch for any football fan, with MailOnline Sport aiming to be at the forefront of the football debate. The Google+ Hangouts will provide an interactive platform for fans to join in the discussion and offer their own opinions. So, don't miss out on the first ever MailOnline Sport Google+ Hangout this Friday at 1pm. Be part of the big football debate and join in the conversation. Fill in the application form below and we will send you an invitation to join the Hangout. The Football Friday series promises to be an exciting addition to the world of football journalism, with MailOnline Sport leading the way with expert analysis and exclusive interviews. The Hangouts will provide a unique and interactive platform for fans to join in the debate and offer their own opinions. Make sure to tune in to MailOnline Sport each week to catch up on the latest Football Friday content and join in the conversation. The Hangouts will be a fantastic opportunity to get closer to the action and hear from some of the biggest names in football. So be sure to fill in the application form below and join us for the first ever MailOnline Sport Google+ Hangout this Friday at 1pm.