article: Lindsey Vonn's tough week at the skiing world championships in Colorado continued as boyfriend Tiger Woods watched from the sideline. Vonn, who broke down in tears after being disqualified from the Alpine combined race on Tuesday, was targeting her last chance of a medal in the giant slalom event on Thursday. Vonn made several mistakes and wound up 2.67 seconds behind the leaders during the first run of the event. Lindsy Vonn (right) kisses her boyfriend Tiger Woods after her first run in the giant slalom event . Vonn made several mistakes and wound up 2.67 seconds behind the leaders during the first run of the event . Vonn, four-time world champion, has had a tough week on the slopes at the Skiing World Championships . Anna Fenninger of Austria has a comfortable lead after the first run of the event finishing in 1 minute, 8.98 seconds and holds a 0.81-second advantage over teammate Michaela Kirchgasser. Sweden's Jessica Lindell-Vikarby trails by 0.90 seconds heading into the afternoon run. There are still lower-tier skiers competing, with 116 entrants in the field. Four-time wold champion Vonn made her competitive comeback to skiing at the beginning of the year having had to pull out of the Sochi Winter Olympics after suffering a potentially career-threatening knee injury in January 2014. Vonn equaled Austrian Annemarie Moser-Proell's 35-year-old record of 62 women's Alpine skiing World Cup victories when she won a downhill race in Cortina d'Ampezzo in January. Vonn will need a massive performance in the second run to stand any chance of securing a medal . Woods recently announced he would be taking break from golf in a bid to overcome his latest injury scare and poor form. The 14-time major champion withdrew midway through his first round at last week's Farmers Insurance Open in California due to back pain although he has allayed fears over the setback. Of more pressing concern for the 39-year-old is his recent struggles on the course, with his injury coming six days after recording the worst round of his career - an 11-over-par 82 at the Waste Management Phoenix Open. Woods is taking a break from competition golf to work on his game and regain full fitness .
highlights: Vonn finished 2.67 seconds behind the leaders in the first run of the giant slalom event at the alpine skiing world championships . Vonn was disqualified from the Alpine combined race on Tuesday . Anna Fenninger of Austria has a comfortable lead after the first run .
id: 139049e78fd2a770d3ae9e45f42bde514e7797ee
chatgpt: American skier Lindsey Vonn had a tough start to her giant slalom event at the 2019 alpine skiing world championships in Sweden on Thursday. Vonn finished 2.67 seconds behind the leaders in the first run, putting her out of contention for a medal. The 34-year-old was looking to add to her collection of medals at the world championships, having previously won two gold medals and three silver medals in previous events. Vonn's performance in the giant slalom was a disappointing follow-up to her disqualification from the Alpine combined race on Tuesday. Vonn was disqualified for missing a gate in the slalom portion of the event, which takes into account both downhill and slalom sections. The American skier had initially finished in third place in the event, but her disqualification saw her slip down the rankings. Meanwhile, Anna Fenninger of Austria looked to be in good form after the first run of the giant slalom. Fenninger finished with a time of 1 minute 5.41 seconds, giving her a comfortable lead over her nearest rival, Federica Brignone of Italy, who finished 0.08 seconds behind Fenninger. Mikaela Shiffrin of the United States was in third place after the first run, 0.19 seconds behind Fenninger. Fenninger, who won the giant slalom event at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi, looked to be in control throughout the first run. The 29-year-old has had a successful career, with a total of five gold medals at major international events. The second run of the giant slalom will take place later on Thursday, and Fenninger will be hoping to maintain her lead to clinch another gold medal. However, she will face stiff competition from Brignone and Shiffrin, who are both strong contenders for the top spot. Vonn, on the other hand, will be hoping to put her disappointing performances behind her and make a strong showing in the remaining events. The American skier has had a glittering career, with a total of 82 victories at major international events, including four gold medals at the Winter Olympics. Overall, the giant slalom event at the 2019 alpine skiing world championships promises to be an exciting battle between some of the world's top skiers, with both Fenninger and Vonn looking to add to their impressive medal collections.