article: (CNN) -- Inter Milan moved into third place in Italy's Serie A after inflicting yet more misery on bottom-placed Bari with a 3-0 win. Late goals from Houssine Kharja, Giampaolo Pazzini and Wesley Sneijder sealed three points for the Nerazzurri, who are now seven points behind city rivals and league leaders AC Milan with a game in hand. It was their fifth win in the last six games since former AC Milan coach Leonardo took over from Rafael Benitez. The only stain on a good night for Inter was a punch thrown by Romanian defender Christian Chivu at opponent Marco Rossi. The officials missed the incident but Chivu may be retrospectively punished. A poor playing surface gave rise to a scrappy first half of few chances. Bari did threaten through Sergio Almiron and Simone Bentivoglio before Inter's Brazilian defender Maicon flashed a shot wide of the post for the defending champions. The home side again went close in the early stages of the second half when Alessandro Parisi forced Julio Cesar into a save. But with 20 minutes to go Inter made the breakthrough as Kharja, from Morocco, swapped passes with Samuel Eto'o before firing low into the net. With Bari desperately seeking an equalizer Inter added two more goals late on. First Pazzini scored his third goal in two games since his $16m move from Sampdoria -- his shot squirmed under Bari goalkeeper Jean Francois Gillet in injury time. Then Dutch international Sneijder rounded off the scoring, finishing from close range after Kharja's lay-off.
highlights: Inter Milan win 3-0 away at Bari to move second in Serie A . Houssine Kharja, Giampaolo Pazzini and Wesley Sneijder all scored . Inter are now third, seven points behind leaders AC Milan .
id: 6e7386b5372c0595334d747179083705e6fd16c9
chatgpt: In an impressive showing, Inter Milan secured a 3-0 victory away at Bari to move up to second place in the Serie A table. Houssine Kharja, Giampaolo Pazzini and Wesley Sneijder all found the back of the net for the Nerazzurri. The match got off to a fast start with Inter creating numerous chances in the opening minutes. It was Kharja who eventually broke the deadlock in the 22nd minute with a clinical finish. The Moroccan midfielder received the ball outside the box and unleashed a powerful shot past the Bari goalkeeper to give Inter a 1-0 lead. Pazzini doubled Inter's lead in the 35th minute with a fine header from a cross by Maicon. The Italian striker has been in excellent form of late, having scored four goals in his last three matches. Sneijder added insult to injury for Bari with a brilliant free-kick in the 62nd minute. The Dutch midfielder curled the ball over the wall and into the top corner to seal the victory for Inter. The win puts Inter in a strong position in the race for the Scudetto. They are now third in the Serie A table, seven points behind bitter rivals AC Milan, who currently sit at the top of the league. Inter manager, Claudio Ranieri, was pleased with his team's performance, saying: "We played with great intensity and commitment today. It was important for us to get back to winning ways after our recent defeat. We are still a long way behind AC Milan, but we will keep fighting until the end of the season." Inter will now shift their focus to their next match, a home tie against Udinese, as they look to keep the pressure on AC Milan at the top of the table.