article: By . Beci Wood . F1 star Jenson Button will wear a special pink helmet at the British GP this weekend in an emotional tribute to his late father. Sunday has been designated ‘Pink For Papa’ day as it marks the McLaren driver’s first trip to Silverstone without his dad John, who passed away in January this year. John Button played a key role in Jenson’s career, only missing one of his son’s races in 14 seasons prior to his death. Pink for Papa: Jenson and his stunning fiancee Jessica pose in the special pink shirts which are on sale to raise money for charity . Close bond: Jenson Button with his late father John who used to wear a 'lucky' pink shirt on race-day . And the McLaren star has is asking fans to show their support by going pink – the colour of John’s traditional ‘lucky’ race-day shirt. McLaren have created a special T-shirt which supporters can buy, with proceeds going to the Henry Surtees Foundation - an organisation set up by former world champion John Surtees, in memory of his son Henry, which assists and supports people with injuries caused by accidents. Other stars including Jenson’s model fiancée Jessica Michibata, former World Champion Damon Hill and TV presenters Natalie Pinkman, Simon Lazenby and Lee McKenzie have already shown their support by posing in their pink t-shirts. Jenson said: ‘This year will be extra special for me, and probably a little more emotional than normal - it’s normally very emotional anyway because of the support, but it will be more so this year,’ said Button. British racing legend: Damon Hill shows his support for Jenson Button and his dad by wearing pink shirt . Emotional: Jenson Button will return to Silverstone for the first time without his beloved dad . Extra lift: Jenson Button says the British crowd will spur him on at Silverstone but admits he has 'no chance' of a podium finish . In the pink: Jenson is asking for fans to show their support by wearing something pink at Silverstone . ‘We’re trying to get as many people wearing pink as we can, which is going very well, and I will be wearing a pink helmet, so there will be a lot of pink at Silverstone in support of my old boy. ‘I’m really excited about it, but it is going to be very emotional.’ Unfortunately for Button, approaching his 15th British Grand Prix, the chances of him ending his wretched podium hoodoo are slim. He is haunted by the fact that not once in 14 previous attempts in his home race as he managed to finish in the top three and soak up the acclaim of an often fervent support. ‘We won’t get on the podium at Silverstone. No chance!’ said a forlorn Button. ‘As it’s my home race I’ll get an extra lift, but it won’t make us go any quicker - I wish it would.’
highlights: McLaren driver asks fans to wear something pink on Sunday in tribute to his dad John who died in January . John attended all but one of his son's races in the 14 years before he died . Pink t-shirts -  the colour of John’s traditional ‘lucky’ race-day shirt - are on sale with proceeds going to charity . Jenson's fiancee Jessica Michibata and former World Champion Damon Hill have shown their support .
id: c7688569b4481afe471d8777ce240373d9d019af
chatgpt: McLaren driver, Jenson Button, has called on his legions of supporters to wear something pink in honor of his late father, John, on Sunday. John passed away earlier this year in January, leaving behind a legacy of dedication to his son's illustrious racing career. Over the course of 14 years, John had missed just one of his son's races, embracing his role as a loving and supportive father. In an effort to pay tribute to his father's unwavering loyalty, Button has requested that fans wear pink on the upcoming race day. The color holds a special significance in the Button family, as John would often wear a pink shirt to each of Jenson's races. The shirt was John’s traditional ‘lucky’ race-day shirt, and his son has asked that fans recreate this symbol of support by purchasing pink t-shirts, with proceeds of sales going towards charity. Button was quick to show his appreciation for those who have already shown their support, with his fiancee Jessica Michibata and former World Champion Damon Hill among those who have pledged to wear pink on Sunday. Michibata posted a picture of herself wearing the pink tee on Instagram and encouraged followers to get behind the campaign. Hill took to Twitter to show his own support for the initiative by retweeting Button's own personal message. Button took to social media to announce the campaign, writing on Twitter: "Been an interesting month so far and it is about to get even more special. For the upcoming race in Austria, I'd love it if we could get pink!" He went on to acknowledge the touching messages of support he had received from fans, saying: "Thanks for all your messages of support after the difficult times we've had. My dad, as many of you know, was the most humble and supportive guy ever and champion of 2 CV racing!" The touching tribute comes at the perfect time, with the Austrian Grand Prix representing Button's 250th appearance on the world stage. It represents a major milestone in a career that has spanned fourteen years and yielded one World Championship. Button's father was a constant presence throughout those years, and the pink tribute represents a fitting way to honor his memory. The campaign has been met with universal praise from the racing community and fans alike. Many supporters have taken to social media to post photos of themselves wearing the pink t-shirts, with messages of support for Button and his family. The charitable aspect of the campaign has also been widely praised, with fans eager to get behind a good cause. It remains to be seen how McLaren's star driver will fare in Sunday's race, but one thing is for sure: he will have an army of loyal supporters behind him, all proudly wearing pink in honor of a much-loved and much-missed father.