article: Tiger Woods has not yet decided if he can play in the PGA Championship starting on Thursday in Kentucky due to his back problem, according to his agent. The former world number one withdrew during Sunday's final round of the WGC-Bridgestone Invitational because of back pain and returned home to Florida for medical evaluation. 'Way too early. He has to rest and get treatment and then assess later,' agent Mark Steinberg said in a text message to ESPN when asked if Woods would play in this week's tournament at Valhalla in Louisville, Kentucky, where he won the 2000 PGA Championship crown. Undecided: Tiger Woods is yet to make a decision over whether he will play at the US PGA Championships . Withdrawal: Woods pulled out during Sunday's final round of the WGC-Bridgestone Invitational due to back pain . VIDEO WGC Bridgestone Invitational - Day 4Â . 'Pointless to make that decision now without proper time to give him best chance. Nothing further today, maybe (not) even tomorrow.' Woods left Firestone Country Club in obvious discomfort on Sunday after hitting his drive on the ninth hole of the final round. He said he was enduring back spasms that had hit him on the second hole. The former world number one, who has dealt with a string of injuries, was playing his third tournament since being sidelined for three months after having back surgery. The setback put in jeopardy his chances of playing for the U.S. in September's Ryder Cup matches in Gleneagles, Scotland against Europe. U.S. Ryder Cup captain Tom Watson said it 'doesn't bode well right now' for Woods to be selected as a captain's pick for the team. 'Tiger would be a great addition to our team,' Watson told PGA Tour Radio on Monday. 'As I've said all along, I would pick Tiger Woods if he's healthy and playing well. This doesn't bode well right now. 'I just hope that maybe it's just an isolated problem that he can turn around and possibly play this week at the PGA.' Hopeful: US Ryder Cup captain Tom Watson is hoping that Woods will be available for selection . Woods, who has been stuck on 14 major titles since winning the 2008 U.S. Open, has played only six events this season with his best result a tie for 25th at the WGC-Cadillac Championship. He has withdrawn twice from tournaments and missed the cut in another. Prior to the Bridgestone, the 38-year-old Woods finished 69th at the British Open after closing with a 75 for a six-over-par total of 294. 'It concerns me because that's an injury that seems like he tried to address before and he's come back from that particular injury,' said Watson. The U.S. Ryder captain said he sent Woods a text to tell him he was sorry about the injury, and 'I hope you get well soon.'Â .
highlights: Woods undecided on whether he can play at US PGA Championship . The tournament is set to get underway in Kentucky on Thursday . The golf star withdrew during WGC-Bridgestone Invitational with back pain . US Ryder Cup captain Tom Watson hopeful he will be available for selectionÂ .
id: ee8cf53a262c655bdf0d1cc9ccc2bc541ebdb205
chatgpt: Golf fans around the world have been left wondering if they will see Tiger Woods in action at the US PGA Championship, which is set to get underway in Kentucky on Thursday. The golf superstar withdrew from the WGC-Bridgestone Invitational due to back pain, leaving his participation in the upcoming tournament in doubt. Woods, who has struggled with injuries in recent years, has yet to make a decision on whether he will be able to play at the US PGA Championship. Fans are anxiously awaiting news on the golf star's condition, and whether he will be able to compete at one of the biggest events on the golf calendar. US Ryder Cup captain Tom Watson has expressed hope that Woods will be available for selection, but the golf star's decision will ultimately depend on his health. Woods, who has won a total of 14 major championships, has not won a major tournament since 2008. The US PGA Championship represents his best chance at breaking the drought, but his back problems may prevent him from competing at his best. Woods announced his withdrawal from the WGC-Bridgestone Invitational on Sunday, citing back pain. In a statement, he said that he experienced discomfort during the final round of the tournament, and that he did not want to risk further injury by continuing to play. Woods has been plagued by back problems in recent years, and has undergone multiple surgeries to address the issue. Despite the setback, Woods remains optimistic about his future in golf. In a statement, he said that he will continue to work with his medical team to address the issue, and that he remains committed to playing golf at the highest level. However, he has yet to make a decision on whether he will be able to compete at the US PGA Championship. Golf fans around the world are hoping to see Woods back in action, as he remains one of the biggest stars in the sport. At his best, Woods is a dominant force on the golf course, and he has achieved an almost unparalleled level of success in his career. However, his recent struggles with injuries have raised questions about his ability to compete at the highest level. The US PGA Championship is set to be one of the biggest events on the golf calendar, with some of the world's best golfers set to compete for the top prize. Fans will be eagerly awaiting news on Tiger Woods' condition, and whether he will be able to compete at his best. Regardless of whether he plays or not, his participation in the tournament is sure to be a major talking point in the world of golf.