article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 08:48 EST, 8 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 10:12 EST, 8 December 2013 . Missing 13-year-old girl Samantha Dodson - who had not be seen since Tuesday night - has been found safe by police in the company of a 40-year-old 'family friend' in a mobile home park just outside Oregon City. Samantha Dodson's parents awoke to find her missing from the family's Oregon City home in Oregon on Wednesday morning. The Clackamas County Sheriff’s Office said she was believed to be with Kelsey McCune, 40, a friend of Dodson's father who has no known address. He had spent Thanksgiving with the family. Sarah Dodson, Samantha's sister, said the family were 'worried about the twos relationship'. Found: Samantha Dodson, 13, was located by police at the weekend in the company of 40-year-old Kelsey McCune (right), who has been arrested and charged with kidnapping and interfering . On Saturday deputies responded to a tip from a person who had recognized Dodson from missing persons flyers, according to KPTV. The tipster, believed to be a woman walking her dog, saw both Dodson and McCune in a wooded park area at the north end of the Country Village Mobile Home park off S Maple Lane Rd. Authorities responded by sending in a SWAT team, due to the size of the area and the need to search it quickly. Dodson was reported to be in a good condition but was transported to a local hospital for a check up. McCune was arrested and booked into the Clackamas County Jail on a charge of kidnapping and interfering. Concerned: Samantha's sister Sarah said she was worried about their relationship . As the search for the pair started during the week, police said the girl could have left willingly with McCune, according to KOIN. Samantha's sister Sarah said the family were ' most worried'. 'We're most worried about where she is and is she safe,' Samantha's sister, Sarah, told KATU. 'And then we're also really worried about their relationship and what is happening between them.' Sarah Dodson, Samantha's sister . The sheriff's office said that the girl had no history of suicide attempts or running away from home. McCune was described as six feet tall and 170 pounds. He has a glass eye and graying hair. His criminal history includes guilty pleas for reckless driving and attempted burglary. 'We're all just doing everything that we . can to console one another and also to try to figure out where they . are,' Dodson's sister added. Samantha Dodson was last seen on Tuesday night at her family home in Oregon City. After the sheriff's department released numerous images of the girl, she was recognized by a woman walking her dog in a mobile home park . Samantha Dodson has been found safe by police following a four-day search . The Clackamas County Sheriff's Office used the hashtag #FindSamantha on Twitter and Facebook to help spread the word.
highlights: Samantha Dodson was last seen in Oregon City on Tuesday night . Authorities believed she was with Kelsey McCune, a friend of her father's who stayed with the family over Thanksgiving; he has no known address . A person who recognized Samantha from missing persons flyers reported seeing her in a park inside the Country Village Mobile Home Park . A SWAT team searched the area and found Samantha and McCune . McCune was arrested and charged with kidnapping and interfering .
id: 720753ff89f4cacfda640c37b1236aa2634234f9
chatgpt: Authorities have located Samantha Dodson, a 14-year-old girl who went missing on Tuesday night, in the Country Village Mobile Home Park in Oregon City. Samantha had been believed to be in the company of Kelsey McCune, a friend of her father's who had stayed with the family over Thanksgiving. McCune, who has no known address, was arrested by the SWAT team and charged with kidnapping and interfering. The search for Samantha had been on since her disappearance on Tuesday night. Her family had reported her missing to the police, who had immediately launched an investigation. Initially, the authorities had no leads or suspects in the case, and the family's worries had grown as more time passed without any news about Samantha. However, on Saturday, a breakthrough was achieved when someone who had seen Samantha's missing persons flyers recognized the girl in the park inside the Country Village Mobile Home Park. The person immediately contacted the authorities, who swiftly dispatched a SWAT team to the location. Once inside the park, the team scoured the area thoroughly, and their search led them to a mobile home where they found both Samantha and Kelsey McCune. The team took McCune into custody and found Samantha safe and unharmed. The authorities have stated that they are relieved to have located the missing girl and thanked the member of the public who provided the vital information. McCune's arrest has given new information about the events surrounding Samantha's disappearance. It is unclear at the moment what prompted McCune to take Samantha, but authorities have confirmed that he will face kidnapping and interfering charges. The investigators will be interrogating McCune to determine his motives and any potential accomplices. Samantha's family has expressed their gratitude to the authorities and the person who spotted their daughter in the park. They have also thanked the public for their support, adding that they are overjoyed that Samantha is safe and sound. The family has requested privacy during this difficult time. The incident has highlighted the importance of communities coming together in times of crisis. The public's participation in this case has played an integral role in the safe return of Samantha. The authorities have stressed that anyone with information about missing persons should contact their local authorities, as any clue or lead, no matter how small, can make all the difference. In conclusion, the authorities have found Samantha Dodson, a 14-year-old girl who went missing on Tuesday night, in the Country Village Mobile Home Park in Oregon City. Kelsey McCune, who had been accompanying Samantha, has been charged with kidnapping and interfering. The search for Samantha had been intensively carried out by the authorities and the public, and the efforts have paid off with the safe return of the missing girl. The incident has served as a reminder for communities to work collaboratively to ensure everyone's safety.