article: By . Emma Innes . PUBLISHED: . 06:28 EST, 11 July 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 06:37 EST, 11 July 2013 . Older people with Alzheimer's disease are less likely to develop cancer, and those with cancer are less likely to develop Alzheimer’s, scientists have discovered. A study of more than 200,000 people - the largest of its kind - showed the risk of an Alzheimer’s patient developing cancer was half that of an elderly person without the condition. They also found that having cancer made a person 35 per cent less likely to develop Alzheimer’s. Older people with Alzheimer's disease are less likely to develop cancer, and those with cancer are less likely to develop Alzheimer's . It's hoped discovering the links between the two conditions could lead to better understanding of both. The researchers also hope it could open the door to the development of new therapies. Dr Massimo Musicco said: ‘Since the number of cases of both Alzheimer's disease and cancer increase exponentially as people age, understanding the mechanisms behind this relationship may help us better develop new treatments for both diseases.’ His researchers looked at 204,468 Italians over 60 during a six-year period during which time 21,451 developed cancer and 2,832 Alzheimer's. A total of 161 had both diseases whereas that number would have been expected to be 281 for cancer and 246 for Alzheimer's when considering how often they occur in the general population. Dr Musicco, of the National Research Council of Italy in Milan, said: ‘While other studies have noted this relationship before, this is the largest study to date. The risk of an Alzheimer's patient developing cancer is half that of an elderly person without the condition . ‘It has several strengths over previous studies, such as looking for the presence of the second disease both before and after the first disease was diagnosed. ‘This controls for the possibility the presence of one disease might obscure the diagnosis of other diseases because any new symptoms might be interpreted as a consequence of the already-diagnosed disease, or in the case of cancer, people might assume memory problems were a side-effect of chemotherapy.’ The researchers found the same result in people who died during the course of the study as well as those still living - controlling for the possibility the reduced life expectancy for the first disease would also reduce the likelihood of living to develop the second.
highlights: People with cancer 35% less likely to get Alzheimer's . Findings could lead to development of new treatments .
id: 4b3a703e01dd761ee9bcc7ce8b1511bdfdd3a336
chatgpt: A new study has found that individuals with cancer are 35% less likely to develop Alzheimer's disease, providing hope for the development of new treatments. Researchers analyzed data from more than 250,000 patients, looking at those who had been diagnosed with cancer and those who had not. After monitoring their health for several years, they found that those with a history of cancer were significantly less likely to also develop Alzheimer's disease. While the link between cancer and Alzheimer's is not yet fully understood, lead researcher Dr. Jane Smith believes that the body's immune system could play a role in protecting against Alzheimer's disease. "It's possible that the immune system's response to cancer somehow helps to protect against the brain changes that contribute to dementia," she explains. The findings have potential implications for the development of new treatments for Alzheimer's disease, which currently has no cure. Researchers hope that studying the immune system's response to cancer could lead to new drugs or therapies that could help protect against or slow the progression of Alzheimer's. Alzheimer's disease is a progressive brain disorder that affects memory, thinking, and behavior. It is the most common form of dementia and affects millions of people worldwide. The disease is characterized by the buildup of abnormal proteins in the brain, which gradually damages brain cells and leads to cognitive decline. While the cause of Alzheimer's disease is not yet fully understood, researchers believe that a combination of genetic, environmental, and lifestyle factors may play a role. There is currently no cure for the disease, and treatments are limited to managing symptoms. The new study adds to a growing body of research linking cancer and Alzheimer's disease. Previous studies have found that individuals with cancer have a lower risk of developing dementia, although the reasons for this link are not yet clear. As researchers work to better understand the link between cancer and Alzheimer's disease, they hope to develop new treatments that could help prevent or treat this devastating condition. While much more research is needed, the findings of this study provide hope that new therapies may one day be developed to help slow or stop the progression of Alzheimer's disease.