article: With its horns, long white body and slithery form, it looks like a mythical beast . But this four-metre long horned creature is only too real - as the stench from its decomposing flesh proved. The mysterious sea creature was washed ashore in Villaricos, Spain - and tests are being done on the carcass to determine what it is. The four-metres long creature, seen with its head detached from its body, is in an advanced state of decomposition . A swimmer stumbled across the horn head and decayed body on a Spanish beach . An unfortunate swimmer stumbled across the head before coming across the rest of the body, the Huffington Post reported. Civil Protection Coordinator Maria Sanchez said: 'We have no idea what it can be, but it smelled bad, because it was so badly decomposed', Digital Spy reported. She added: 'A lady found one part, and we helped her retrieve the rest… We have no idea what it was. It really stank, as it was in the advanced stages of decomposition,' Inquisitr reported. The extent of the deterioration of the creature meant most of the remains had to be buried for safety reasons. Several . theories have been suggested about what the creature is - ranging from . it being a type of shark to it being an oar fish, but researchers are . still examining it. Programa en Defensa de la Fauna Marina (PROMAR) spokesman Paco Toledano was also puzzled, Yahoo reported. Several theories have been suggested about what the creature is - ranging from it being a type of shark to it being an oar fish . He said: 'It's hard to know what we’re dealing with,' Mr Toldano told ideal.es. 'It is broken up and we can not identify what ii is. Maybe it's a bull fish', he joked. 'Perhaps if we were able to analyse the bones we might know more, but for this specific genetic analysis it is very expensive and who would pay? 'We've certainly never before seen anything like this.' A spokesman for the Marine Biological Association said: 'A few people have said it could be the backbone of a shark with the rest of it decaying away. 'Really we would need a vertebrae to properly identify it. If it was a shark it would have cartilage skeleton as opposed to bone. 'As for the horns  - it's pretty inconclusive. No one knows of anything with horns in the sea. From the picture you wonder if it is even part of the creature.'
highlights: Spanish marine biologists mystified by the creature that was spotted dead in the shallows by a woman on the beach at Villaricos . Puzzled marine official Paco Toledano said: 'We've certainly never seen anything like this around here before' Decomposing creature was giving off such a stench that it had to be buried . It could be the backbone of a shark, suggest British marine biologists .
id: 7ed8aae868551ae4923c9fc343c5972d3a5d80e9
chatgpt: Spanish marine biologists are scratching their heads over a mysterious creature that washed up dead along the shores of Villaricos. The bizarre creature was discovered by a woman on the beach who was struck by the unusual sight. Marine officials were called in to inspect the carcass, but they were left puzzled. "We've certainly never seen anything like this around here before," said Paco Toledano, a marine official who examined the creature. The decomposing monster was giving off such an overwhelming stench that it had to be buried immediately. The creature has scientists across the world speculating about its identity. Some experts believe that it could be the lost remains of a prehistoric sea creature while others think it could be a mutated species caused by pollution or nuclear waste. British marine biologists hypothesize that the mysterious creature could be the backbone of a shark, based on its size and shape. However, this theory has yet to be confirmed and others still believe that it could be an undiscovered species altogether. The unknown entity has sparked curiosity among the public as well. Villaricos is a small coastal town that is often frequented by tourists, and this discovery has left many wondering what else could be lurking beneath the waves. Local officials have assured the public that there is no need to be alarmed, but the curiosity of the human mind cannot be dampened. The event has ignited discussions about the capabilities of modern science and the importance of protecting marine life from the effects of human activity. As humankind expands and advances, it is becoming more evident that we may not be alone in the vast oceans that surround us. This discovery reminds us that there is still so much to learn about the world we live in. It is a reminder that there are still mysteries to be unraveled and new species to be discovered. The mysteries of the ocean are vast, and it is up to us as a society to continue exploring, learning, and protecting it. In conclusion, the discovery of the creature in Villaricos remains a mystery for now, but the curiosity and imagination it has sparked will continue to fuel scientific inquiry and exploration for years to come.