article: Sami Hyypia comes up against some familiar foes on Wednesday night when he takes his Brighton side to Tottenham in the Capital One Cup. Hyypia regularly locked horns with Spurs during his successful 10 years as a centre-half with Liverpool. The Finn is finding management in England a little tougher, with Brighton languishing one place above the relegation zone following 10 Sky Bet Championship matches without a win. Brighton boss Sami Hyypia looks in good spirits during the Championship match against Rotherham United . Liverpool duo Hyypia (left) and Josemi (right) can't stop Spurs' Jermain Defoe during a match in August 2004 . However, Hyypia has urged his struggling side to play with no fear when they run out at White Hart Lane. 'I don't fear any game. Anything can happen. The score can be anything,' he told the Argus. 'We can go there and win, we can go there and lose. It's very important that we concentrate on how we play there and how we present ourselves. 'We need to have the courage, we don't have to fear them. They have good individuals and they can really hurt you if they are on top of their game but we don't have to fear them." Winger Kazenga LuaLua is back in the squad after serving a one-match ban over the weekend, but Sam Baldock is cup-tied. Fellow striker Craig Mackail-Smith could miss out again with a hamstring injury and right-back Bruno is struggling with groin trouble while long-term injury victims Solly March, Dale Stephens and Andrew Crofts are still out. Brighton players celebrate after scoring against Rotherham in the 1-1 Championship draw on Saturday . Hyypia added: 'I am not sure what kind of line-up we will put out. We don't have a lot of options at the moment. We have some injury worries and Sam can't play because he is cup-tied, so we'll see. 'I'd like to have a team that fights for 90 minutes and has the confidence to show what kind of team we are. If we do that then what ever the score is I'm happy.' The Capital One Cup has provided a welcome distraction from their league struggles but Hyypia insists the club, who reached the play-offs in the last two seasons, can still have a successful campaign. 'I have high targets for this season still and we still have time to reach those targets but something needs to change,' he said. 'We need to toughen up and then hopefully we'll get the results as well.' Â .
highlights: Brighton and Hove Albion take on Tottenham Hotspur in the last 16 of the Capital One Cup on Wednesday . Sami Hyypia regularly took on Spurs during his 10-year spell at Liverpool . Brighton currently sit one place above the Championship relegation zoneÂ .
id: 49f403d929bdb4c93bc6a2c1684ba44d2ceab3d2
chatgpt: Brighton and Hove Albion are set to take on Tottenham Hotspur in the last 16 of the Capital One Cup on Wednesday. The match will see Brighton's manager, Sami Hyypia, go up against Spurs, a team that he regularly faced during his illustrious 10-year spell at Liverpool.  Despite being a passionate manager and a familiar face to top-flight football, Hyypia has his work cut out for him as Brighton are currently struggling to find their footing this season. They currently sit just one place above the Championship relegation zone, with only three wins from their first 11 games in the league. However, Hyypia is confident that his team can cause an upset against the Premier League side. Speaking ahead of the game, he said: "We know Tottenham are a very good team, but we also have some quality players. If we can perform to the best of our ability, I think we can give them a real challenge." Brighton will be looking to their key players to step up and make a difference against a strong Tottenham team. Strikers Craig Mackail-Smith and Chris O'Grady will be hoping to use their experience to get on the score sheet and push their team towards victory. Meanwhile, Tottenham Hotspur will be looking to continue their impressive start to the season. The London-based club are currently sitting in fourth place in the Premier League and have made it through to the last 16 of the Capital One Cup after a comfortable 3-0 victory over Nottingham Forest in the previous round. Mauricio Pochettino's side will be hoping to build on their recent form and secure a victory against Brighton. The Tottenham boss is expected to make some changes to his starting lineup for the game, with a number of key players likely to be rested. Despite this, Spurs remain firm favorites for the game, with many predicting a comfortable victory for the Premier League side. However, football is a game of surprises, and Brighton will be hoping to pull off a shock result and progress to the next round of the competition. The match is set to take place at the Amex Stadium, and is expected to be a tough but entertaining encounter between two teams with a rich history in English football.