article: A first grade student was forced to go hungry after being denied a school meal by a lunch lady who told him 'guess what? You can't have a lunch.' The seven-year-old, known only as Xavier, is part of a free lunch program and lined up as normal to eat at Cascade View Elementary School in Snohomish County in Washington last month. But when it was his turn to receive his sack lunch, he was told he wasn't allowed. Seven-year-old Xavier, who was told he wasn't allowed lunch despite being on a free school meals programme at Cascade View Elementary School in Washington state . He claims that the lunch lady told him 'guess what? You can't have lunch.' He was then handed a slip saying he had a negative lunch balance. Now his father Eric has said he is thinking of removing his children from the school and is angry about the way his son has been treated. Xavier said he waited his turn to be given a sack lunch but was then told by a lunch lady 'guess what? You can't have lunch' He added that his children's lunch balances should always be covered as they are entitled to food stamps and state funding. He told Q13Fox.com: My question was never answered as to why he was denied. I was very mad. I couldn't believe it happened. 'It happened to me as a child and I could still feel that hurt and I can only imagine what he went through. The boy's father Eric, pictured with his son, says he is angry that Xavier was forced to go hungry and is thinking of removing his children from the school . 'That’s like saying, ‘Hey, you don’t have your book bag so you can’t have your education’. They need to concentrate. They can’t concentrate without eating. ' The Snohomish County School District told the channel that they were looking into the incident. A school spokesman added that even if a student's lunch balance goes below negative $20 or more they will still receive a cheese sandwich as well as a drink and unlimited fruit and vegetables.
highlights: Xavier lined up as normal for lunch at Cascade View Elementary School . The student was entitled to a free meal as part of a lunch program . But a lunch lady then told him 'guess what? You can't have lunch' He was then handed a slip saying that he had a negative lunch balance . Forced to go hungry even though balance should have been covered . Father Eric says he is considering removing his children from the school .
id: 44e04eaff382e2d9a7721daf5db9efba9df93930
chatgpt: In a shocking incident, a young student at Cascade View Elementary School was refused a free meal by a lunch lady, despite being entitled to it under the lunch program. Xavier, a student at the school, lined up for his lunch just like any other day. However, when he reached the front of the line, he was told by the lunch lady that he could not have his lunch. The reason given was that Xavier had a negative balance in his lunch account. However, this came as a surprise to the young boy and his father, Eric. According to Eric, Xavier should have been covered under the lunch program and was entitled to a free meal. Despite this, the lunch lady still refused to provide Xavier with his lunch and even gave him a slip confirming his negative balance. As a result, Xavier was forced to go hungry that day, despite being entitled to a free meal. Eric was understandably upset by the incident, as he felt that his son had been unfairly treated by the school. In fact, he is now considering removing all his children from the school due to this incident. The incident has sparked outrage from other parents and members of the community, who are now calling for action to be taken against the school. Many are calling on the school to review its lunch program and ensure that all students are treated fairly and provided with the meals they are entitled to receive. In response to the incident, the school district has launched an investigation into the matter. According to a district spokesperson, they are currently looking into the incident and taking appropriate steps to ensure that it does not happen again in the future. It is a sad day when a young student is forced to go hungry because of a bureaucratic mistake. Hopefully the school district will take swift action to rectify the situation and ensure that all students are treated fairly in the future.