article: Sainsbury’s has apologised after one of its stores dressed a mannequin in a 'slave outfit' to promote the sale of the 12 Years a Slave DVD. The Heyford Hill store in Oxford has now been forced to remove the display after a Twitter backlash. The supermarket chain has since said sorry for the tasteless promotion stand, adding that 'it should clearly have never gone up'. Sainsbury's has apologised after one of its stores dressed a mannequin in a 'slave outfit' to promote the sale of the 12 Years a Slave DVD. The Heyford Hill store in Oxford has now been forced to remove the display after a Twitter backlash . It featured a barefoot headless mannequin wearing an outfit similiar to that worn by Solomon Northup, the main character of Steve McQueen’s film. The Oscar winning epic graphically depicts the brutality of slavery. The model was wearing a beige shirt and cropped black trousers, with a twig in its pocket, and was placed on a stand selling DVD and Blu-ray copies of the film. Around the model's neck is a sign saying 'new' - although it is not clear whether the clothes themselves were on sale as part of the promotion. The model  - on display at the Heyford Hill store - was wearing a beige shirt and cropped black trousers, with a twig in its pocket, and was placed on a stand selling DVD and Blu-ray copies of the film . The display was photgraphed and shared on Twitter, where it was roundly condemned as appearing to promote 'how to get the slave look'. Beautycouture wrote: 'Er... what?! Not sure what Sainsbury's were going for with their 'get the slave look' for the film 12 Years a Slave... ‪#‎fashionfail‬ . Milena Buyum ‏@MilenaBuyum said: '@sainsburys What the heck is that mannequin doing on your display for 12 years A Slave? You into slave chic now? #slavesburys #wtf' Lee McEwan ‏@leemcewan, added: 'Sainsbury's shows shoppers how to 'get the slave look' with 12 Years A Slave display mannequin' A Sainsbury’s spokesman said: 'We can only apologise. 'It’s been taken down from the Heyford Hill store and clearly should never have gone up in the first place.' A spokesperson later confirmed that the outfit had never been on sale in the store as part of any promotion associated with the film.
highlights: Heyford Hill store in Oxford has now been forced to remove the display . Supermarket chain has since said sorry for the tasteless promotion stand . The display was roundly condemned on Twitter as 'promoting slave chic'
id: 70a6dac20380fe4f5701e467dc04355a9e91b60d
chatgpt: The Heyford Hill store in Oxford has been embroiled in a controversy as the supermarket chain is forced to remove a display that was deemed tasteless by many. The display, which some claimed promoted "slave chic," featured a mannequin with a chain around its neck and a sign advertising discounted laundry detergent. The supermarket chain has since issued an apology for the offensive display, which sparked outrage on social media platforms such as Twitter. Many users condemned the display and called for it to be removed immediately. The controversy erupted over the weekend when shoppers noticed the mannequin display and shared images of it on social media platforms. Many expressed their disgust with the advertisement, arguing that it was insensitive and racist. The supermarket chain was quick to respond to the backlash, stating that it had removed the display as soon as it became aware of the situation. It also issued an apology, acknowledging that the display was tasteless and inappropriate. "We would like to sincerely apologise for the offence caused by the display at our Heyford Hill store. It was in poor taste and completely unacceptable. We have now removed the display and will be reviewing our procedures to ensure that this does not happen again," the company said in a statement. The controversy has reignited discussions about the use of racially insensitive imagery in advertising. Many have pointed out that the use of a chain around the mannequin's neck was particularly troubling, given the historical association of chains with slavery. Others have criticised the supermarket chain for not being more proactive in ensuring that its advertising and promotional material is not racially insensitive. The incident at Heyford Hill has sparked calls for greater accountability and responsibility from companies when it comes to the messages conveyed in their advertising. Many have urged businesses to be more mindful of the impact that their marketing has on wider society, and to take steps to ensure that their messages are not contributing to harmful stereotypes and attitudes. For now, the Heyford Hill controversy has been resolved with the removal of the offensive display. However, it is likely that it will continue to serve as a reminder of the need for greater sensitivity and awareness when it comes to advertising and promotional material.