article: Liverpool are compiling a dossier on the fitness issues that have plagued Daniel Sturridge’s career after it emerged he has injured his left thigh nine times. The England striker is faced with another six week lay-off after he broke down in training on Monday. It is the second time this season Sturridge has injured the muscle, but Liverpool’s medical staff are now processing his history from previous clubs in an attempt to get to the bottom of it and an operation cannot be ruled out. Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers, who will meet Sturridge on Friday to discuss the situation, said: 'Most players you’ll find want to play through an injury to get on to the field. Obviously that’s what you do. Daniel Sturridge has not played for Liverpool since August and now could be out until next year . Sturridge, pictured arriving at Liverpool's Spire Hospital on Wednesday, has been plagued by injuries . Sturridge scored 28 goals for club and country last season and was in blistering form . Ankle ligaments - England v Republic of Ireland May 2013, returned for pre-season. Ankle ligaments - December 2013. Missed nine games. Thigh - during England training, September 2014. Missed six weeks. Calf - during Liverpool training, October 2014. Missed three weeks. Thigh - during Liverpool training, November 2014. Out for six weeks. ‘It was in a session and quite an innocuous action. He did it when he just flicked the ball. It wasn’t a shot or anything that looked serious. But obviously he felt the pain and then when the medical team told me the next day after the scan, it was disappointing. ‘Now we just have to concentrate and focus on the players we do have. It’s that simple. Though of course it’s hugely disappointing to lose a player of that quality. ‘I think that’s his ninth injury on that thigh from previous clubs and here. ‘So there is an issue there somewhere. This shows a slight tear just below where he had a previous injury (in September). ‘Most players you’ll find want to play through an injury to get on to the field. Obviously that’s what you do.’ Liverpool have laboured in front of goal in the absence of Sturridge. Rodgers, though, is not certain that going out to spend money in the transfer window is how to solve his problems. ‘We have to look at the players we have,’ said Rodgers, whose side face Crystal Palace on Sunday. Sturridge (right) formed a formidable partnership with Luis Suarez last season, but now the Reds are struggling . Sturridge has had to deal with watching the majority of Liverpool's matches from the stands this season . Liverpool are compiling a dossier on the fitness issues that have seen his left thigh injured nine times .
highlights: Daniel Sturridge facing six-week  layoff after breaking down in training . Sturridge is set to meet Brendan Rodgers on Friday to discuss the situation and an operation cannot be ruled out . Rodgers said: ‘Most players you’ll find want to play through an injury to get on to the field. Obviously that’s what you do’
id: 3af2b3f48f25513a38fb7d064007b5aeafa50246
chatgpt: Liverpool striker Daniel Sturridge is facing a six-week layoff after breaking down in training. The England international has been hit by a series of injuries in the past, and this latest setback comes as a major blow to the striker. Sturridge is set to meet with Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers on Friday to discuss the situation, and an operation cannot be ruled out. Rodgers has said that Sturridge's injury is a major blow to the team, as the striker is an important player. "Most players you'll find want to play through an injury to get on to the field. Obviously that's what you do," Rodgers said. Sturridge has been plagued by injury problems throughout his career, and has only made a handful of appearances for Liverpool this season. His latest setback comes at a time when Liverpool are struggling to find the back of the net, having only scored seven goals in six Premier League matches. Despite this, Rodgers remains optimistic that his side can improve their scoring record in the coming weeks, and has called on his players to step up and take responsibility. "We need to be more clinical, more composed in front of goal. We're creating chances, but we're not taking them. We need to be more ruthless in front of goal," Rodgers said. Sturridge's injury is the latest setback for Liverpool, who have struggled to find their form in the early part of the season. Rodgers' side have won only two of their six Premier League matches so far this season, and are currently sitting in ninth place in the table. However, Liverpool's injury woes have been compounded by the loss of Adam Lallana to a groin strain, and the absence of captain Jordan Henderson due to a foot injury. Despite these setbacks, Rodgers believes that his side can turn things around, and has called on his players to focus on the task at hand. "We've got a great group of players here, and we're working hard to turn things around. It's a long season, and there's still a lot to play for. We just need to keep working hard, keep improving, and keep believing in ourselves," Rodgers said. Liverpool will now be without Sturridge for their upcoming matches against Everton, Tottenham, and Crystal Palace, as well as their Europa League tie against Sion. Their next Premier League match is against local rivals Everton on Sunday.