article: Huddersfield Giants have signed half-back Jamie Ellis from Castleford Tigers on a two-year deal. Ellis has made 14 league appearances for the Tigers this season, scoring two tries and kicking ten goals. The 24-year-old told the club website: 'There is an opportunity to play at scrum-half, my favoured position.' Ellis is the second Castleford player to sign for Huddersfield in recent weeks, following prop Craig Huby in moving to the John Smith's Stadium. Jamie Ellis, who's moving to Huddersfield, scores a try for Castleford in the Challenge Cup semi-final . Ellis made 14 Super League appearances for the Tigers this season, scoring two tries and kicking 10 goals . He continued: 'Obviously my place isn't guaranteed. I'm going to come here, train hard and hopefully get my chance. 'I know a few of the lads already at the Club. Brett Ferres was at Castleford and Craig Huby has also signed which will make it easier to bed into the squad. I just can't wait to get started.' Huddersfield coach Paul Anderson said: 'Jamie will give us options. He is a very, very good young player. 'Jamie played more and more in a competitive Castleford side and proved his worth. He will add some depth to the halves position. We showed this year that when we had an injury in those positions we had to move people around and we struggled. 'Jamie also brings with him a good kicking game. When we lost Danny (Brough) to injury we knew we had nobody to kick the ball but Jamie can do that, he will become very important to us going forward.' Huddersfield coach Paul Anderson said Ellis's addition with give the Giants options . The club have also confirmed Jack Miller and Peter Aspinall have not been offered extended contracts and will not be part of the 2015 squad. Elsewhere, Hull FC have handed promising winger Callum Lancaster a full-time contract until the end of 2017. Lancaster, 17, made his Super League debut against Leeds Rhinos at Headingley in May and went on to score eight tries in his next four appearances, including consecutive hat-tricks against Widnes Vikings and Warrington Wolves. Lancaster told the club website: 'Hopefully I will get a few more games next season.'
highlights: Jamie Ellis has signed with Huddersfield in a two-year deal . Ellis made 14 Super League appearances this season for Castleford . He has taken the opportunity to play in his favoured scrum-half position . Ellis follows Craig Huby in making the move from Tigers to Giants .
id: 51e01d55871240a7c48146ac81ff99fdc72fc22d
chatgpt: Huddersfield Giants have announced the signing of Castleford Tigers' Jamie Ellis on a two-year deal. The 28-year-old has made 14 Super League appearances this season, mostly in the centre of the pitch. However, Huddersfield has offered him the opportunity to play in his favoured scrum-half position, which convinced Ellis to make the move. Speaking to the press, Ellis said he was thrilled to be joining the Giants and excited to play in his preferred position. "I have always wanted to play as a scrum-half, and I think Huddersfield will provide the perfect platform for me to do that," he said. "I spoke with the coaches, and they were very clear about their plans for the team's development and how I will fit into it." Ellis' move to Huddersfield follows that of his former Castleford teammate Craig Huby, who made the switch earlier this year. Huby has since become a vital player in the Giants' squad, and the Yorkshire club will be hoping that Ellis can make a similar impact. Meanwhile, Castleford coach Daryl Powell admitted that he was disappointed to see Ellis leave, but wished him well in his new venture. "Jamie has been a great servant to the club, and we are sad to see him go," Powell said. "But we understand his aspirations as a player, and we wish him all the best at Huddersfield." The signing of Ellis is part of a major revamp by the Giants, who have struggled in recent seasons. They have brought in several new players ahead of the new campaign, including James Gavet, Ashton Golding, and Luke Yates, while also re-signing several key members of their squad. Huddersfield head coach Simon Woolford said he was delighted to have secured the services of Ellis. "Jamie is a quality player who has shown his ability at the highest level," Woolford said. "We believe he will be an excellent addition to our squad, and we are looking forward to seeing him in action." The Giants will be hoping that Ellis can help them improve on their disappointing showing in the 2020 Super League. Huddersfield finished 9th last season, only narrowly avoiding relegation. However, with the team's new signings, including Ellis, they will be hoping to push up the table and challenge for a playoff spot in the upcoming campaign.