article: Two days after being sacked as England’s one-day cricket captain, Alastair Cook put his troubles behind him on Monday night with two superb centuries. Unfortunately for the opener, he was using darts, not a bat. And he was a long way from the pristine surroundings of Lord’s. Many of the boisterous punters at the PDC World Championship were wearing Christmas jumpers and there were even a couple of reindeer present . Jimmy Anderson (left) took on Alastair Cook (right) in a one-leg challenge at Alexandra Palace . VIDEO Cricket meets Darts: Cook vs Anderson . The 29-year-old, who remains England’s Test captain, took the stage at Alexandra Palace shortly before 7pm for a challenge match against fast bowler James Anderson. And Cook looked a natural in the one-leg shootout. ‘I was nervous,’ admitted Cook. ‘I scored a hundred — and it’s the first time I’ve done that on TV for a while. My legs were shaking.’ Asked for his thoughts on being ditched from the England one-day set-up, he added: ‘I am frustrated and disappointed that I am not joining Jimmy on the plane (to the World Cup) Cook competed in the challenge match just days after being stripped of England's one-day captaincy . The England Test captain celebrates a victory on stage against his team-mate Anderson . ‘I have to take it on the chin. It’s hard to talk about at the moment because of the way I feel. I will get away from it for a couple of weeks now.’ England cricket chiefs approached the PDC to arrange the match after darts became a hit with the players on tour. Cook did the full walk-on, wearing a shirt with ‘Alastair ‘Bed n Breakfast’ Cook’ emblazoned on the back. Anderson’s top read ‘The Swinger’. In practice, Cook had achieved a 13-dart leg and he brought that form to the oche. He scored 100 and 140 — and despite missing seven darts at double 13, he hit double 11 to clinch the game and see off his team-mate. Cook admitted to being nervous on the Alexandra Palace stage to the point where his legs were shaking . Anderson and Cook regularly play darts while on a cricket tour with England . The pair shake hands after their contest on Monday night at the World Darts Championships in London .
highlights: Alastair Cook and Jimmy Anderson play darts while on tour with England . Cook got the better of Anderson on the Alexandra Palace stage . Cook was sacked as England's ODI captain after dismal series in Sri Lanka .
id: d9481cf2caecfdce27359883ff4bfa57aaa0c08a
chatgpt: Former England cricketers Alastair Cook and Jimmy Anderson have been spotted playing darts on tour with the England cricket team. The duo visited the iconic Alexandra Palace stage in North London, where they pitted their dart skills against each other in a friendly match. It was Cook who emerged victorious in the end, as the former England skipper got the better of Anderson in the match. The pair of former teammates seemed to be enjoying themselves during the game, as they smiled and joked around on stage. Cook's victory over Anderson is sure to bring a smile to the former skipper's face, as he has gone through a tough period of late. Cook was recently sacked as England's One-Day International (ODI) captain after a dismal series in Sri Lanka, where England lost all five of their matches. Cook has been under immense pressure as ODI captain, with his poor form with the bat and tactical decisions coming under scrutiny. Before the series in Sri Lanka, Cook was handed the captaincy with the hope that he could turn around England's fortunes in the ODI format of the game. However, the decision did not pay off, as England put in a dismal display throughout the series. England will now have to try and regroup and look for a fresh start under new captain Eoin Morgan, who will lead the team in the upcoming World Cup in Australia and New Zealand. Cook, on the other hand, will now have to focus on his own performance with the bat and try to regain his form in the Test arena. Despite his struggles as ODI captain, Cook remains one of England's most successful Test captains. He led England to Ashes victories in 2010-11 and 2013, and is also the all-time leading run-scorer for England in Test cricket. Anderson, on the other hand, has been in fine form with the ball for England, particularly in the Test format. He is currently joint third-highest wicket-taker for England in Test cricket, with 380 wickets to his name. The duo will be hoping to continue their fine performances for the national team, and perhaps even take up darts as a hobby in their spare time. All in all, it was a fun and light-hearted moment for the former teammates and a welcome break during a tough tour for the England cricket team.