article: Accused: Steve Sells has been arrested after his daughter was found severely malnourished . A father has been arrested after his mentally disabled 15-year-old daughter was found covered in feces and weighing just 35 pounds. Father-of-three Steve Sells, 58, from Anderson, Indiana, was arrested on Monday night - but he insisted that his daughter was so small because of her medical condition, authorities said. Family members had taken the girl to St. Vincent Hospital in Anderson on Monday afternoon. Doctors contacted police and she was then flown to Peyton Manning Children's Hospital in Indianapolis for treatment. Authorities said her condition could be life threatening. Anderson Police told Fox59 that the teenager, who is mentally disabled, was severely malnourished and covered in feces when she was taken to hospital. She weighed just 35 pounds, which is the average weight of a five-year-old child. Neighbor Thomas McAllister told the station that Sells and his wife lived at the home with their three children. He said that Sells had always given the impression he was a caring father. 'That is mind boggling,' he added. 'That is just disgusting and no child should have to go through anything like that.' Sells' wife returned home on Monday evening but refused to speak to reporters, FOX59 said. Family: He lives at the home with his wife Joetta (pictured) and his three children. His wife was questioned by police but so far he is the only person arrested in connection with the case, police said . Sells was the only family member arrested, but other family members have been questioned, The IndyChannel reported. The man blamed his daughter's low weight on a medical condition, Anderson Police Detective Joel Sandefur told WTHR, but 'that has to be investigated to see if it's even plausible or not', he said. The detective did not provide any details about that or the nature of the girl's disability. 'It's troubling to see a human being treated in this manner, especially when it's a family member of someone, someone's own child,' he added. Scene: Sells, who lives at this Anderson home, said his daughter's weight was due to her condition . Sells will faces preliminary child neglect charges. He will likely face more serious charges if his daughter does not survive her injuries. He is currently being held on a 72-hour hold and it is not clear whether he has an attorney. Anderson is about 40 miles northeast of Indianapolis. See below for video .
highlights: Steve Sells, 58, was arrested on Monday after concerned relatives took his severely malnourished teenage daughter to hospital in Indiana . She 'was covered in feces and weighed the same as a five-year-old' and authorities have said that her condition is life threatening . The dad-of-three insisted that the mentally-disabled teen is so small because of her medical condition .
id: 2f06396d4feabd338a4d62988fb98fa248751773
chatgpt: Indiana police have arrested a 58-year-old man on charges of neglect and abuse after his severely malnourished teenage daughter was rushed to the hospital by concerned relatives. According to authorities, the teenage girl, whose name has not been released, was found covered in feces and only weighed the same as a five-year-old child. Her condition has been deemed life-threatening. The man in question, Steve Sells, is the father of three children, including the teenage girl. After being taken into custody, Sells insisted that his daughter's small stature was due to her medical condition. However, the severity of her malnourishment has raised suspicions among authorities. Sells' daughter is said to suffer from a mental disability and was reportedly confined to a room in their house for extended periods of time. Neighbors have expressed their shock and dismay at the news, describing the family as reclusive and rarely seen outside their home. The investigation into this case is ongoing, and authorities are working to determine the full extent of the neglect and abuse that the teenage girl endured. Sells is currently being held on a $50,000 bond and could face additional charges as the investigation progresses. This case serves as a stark reminder of the importance of reporting suspected cases of abuse and neglect. It is essential to ensure the safety and well-being of vulnerable individuals who may be unable to speak out for themselves. Indiana's Department of Child Services is encouraging anyone who suspects a child is being neglected or abused to report it immediately. The department operates a 24/7 hotline, and all reports are confidential. As the investigation into this disturbing case continues, our thoughts are with the teenage girl and her family. We can only hope that she makes a full recovery and that justice is served for the neglect and abuse she has endured.