article: Police say they walked into a bloody, chaotic scene the night two former Auburn University football players and another man were shot to death at a party. The officers testified Friday as the trial opened for the man charged in the killings, 24-year-old Desmonte Leonard. Prosecutors are after a death sentence. Desmonte Leonard enters the courtroom before opening statements on Friday as prosecutors asked jurors in opening statements to convict him of capital murder . Police described getting reports of multiple gunshots at an apartment clubhouse on June 9, 2012, and arriving to find one former player dead in a flower bed. Another man was dead on a sidewalk, and a third man was fighting for life in a pool of blood. The dead have been identified as former Auburn players Ed Christian and Ladarious Phillips and Opelika's DeMario Pitts, reports AL.com. Prosecutors told jurors in opening statements that Leonard began shooting after a verbal dispute escalated into a fistfight. Leonard shot as many as nine rounds into the group, AL.com reports. He then fled the scene. The defense concedes Leonard was the gunman but says he fired in self-defense. They're citing Alabama's 'stand your ground' law. 'Mr. Leonard thought he was going to die,' said his attorney, Jeff Duffey. He continued in opening statements: 'This is a case where Mr. Leonard was assaulted himself, he was attacked, and he defended himself. There was no premeditation.' Leonard's defense claims he has a 'heightened sense of awareness' to threats after being shot in the abdomen in 2008. The trial's first witness, Auburn Police Sgt. Darrell Downing, described the scene as 'mass chaos.' As the first officer on the scene, he saw people scattering in all directions and the dead in pools of their own blood. He agreed that Alabama state law would allow someone to use deadly force if they believe their own lives are threatened. 'That is really what this case is about, the Stand Your Ground law,' he said.
highlights: Accused gunman Desmonte Leonard's attorneys say he's innocent under 'Stand Your Ground' law . Claim he has a 'heightened' sense of danger after suffering a gunshot wound in 2008 . State wants the death penalty .
id: 0a8a6e9fabf63b717b5dedca4407df14a160bb5e
chatgpt: Desmonte Leonard, the man accused of fatally shooting three people and injuring three others at a pool party near Auburn University in 2012, is pleading not guilty under the "Stand Your Ground" law. His attorneys claim that Leonard had a "heightened" sense of danger after suffering a gunshot wound in 2008, and that he acted in self-defense. Leonard's attorneys argued that their client was justified in using deadly force, stating that he was in fear for his own life and the lives of his friends. They also pointed out that Leonard had been shot in the abdomen in 2008, which they argue could have caused him to be more sensitive to threats. The prosecution, however, is pushing for the death penalty. During the trial, they presented evidence of Leonard's violent past, including an incident in which he allegedly assaulted a police officer. They also argued that Leonard had a history of carrying a firearm and had a motive for the shooting. Despite Leonard's plea of not guilty under the "Stand Your Ground" law, legal experts say the defense faces significant hurdles. In Alabama, the law only allows for the use of deadly force if a person reasonably believes that they are in imminent danger of death or serious bodily harm. The law also states that the use of deadly force is not permissible if the person can safely retreat. The trial has garnered national attention and raised questions about the "Stand Your Ground" law. Critics argue that it encourages vigilante justice and promotes a shoot-first mentality. Supporters of the law, however, argue that it is necessary to protect individuals who are in fear for their lives. The judge in the case has yet to make a decision on whether the "Stand Your Ground" defense will be allowed. If the defense is allowed, it could have significant implications for future cases in Alabama and other states that have adopted similar laws. Regardless of the outcome of the trial, the families of the victims are still trying to come to terms with the loss of their loved ones. For them, justice will only be served if Leonard is held accountable for his actions.