article: Shackled: Performer in the show recreating a human zoo . Black actors starring in a live art show featuring slaves in chains and cages hit back last night at protesters who have forced the production to be cancelled. Exhibit B, which aims to recreate human zoos in which slaves were once displayed as museum objects, had been due to open on Wednesday night, but around 200 people blocked the entrances to the exhibition and disrupted traffic. Artist Brett Bailey had recruited a number of people of African and Afro-Caribbean origin and arranged them as living sculptures to offer a painful reminder of the appalling history of 19th century colonialism and racial hatred. A spokesman for the Barbican in London said it became impossible to continue the exhibit because of the ‘extreme nature of the protest and the serious threat to the safety of performers, audiences and staff’. But the black performers have defended the exhibition and rejected accusations of ‘complicit racism’. Actress Elexi Walker, who appears wearing a shackle around her neck, said: ‘It’s ridiculous to think I am being racist because I am involved in a piece that highlights the history of black people. The people who say that clearly have not had an informed opinion. ‘If the show had been allowed to happen people would have come into a space that was really reverent, a place where it was almost like a church in how quiet and careful it made you feel. The protesters have denied that to people of London.’ Priscilla Adade-Helledy has been called an ‘ignorant black woman’ for taking part. She said: ‘I feel abused as a person and I feel insecure. I was part of a project that is absolutely stunning... and now I’m scared for my own safety. I don’t know how it can be seen as racist. If they had seen the exhibition they would understand it.’ Reverent: Elexi Walker (left) and Priscilla Adade-Helledy, actresses who participated in the show . Police were called to attend the demonstration on Wednesday night. The Barbican spokesman added: ‘Given that protests are scheduled for future performances of Exhibit B we have had no choice but to cancel all performances of the piece. ‘We find it profoundly troubling that such methods have been used to silence artists and performers and that audiences have been denied the opportunity to see this important work. Exhibit B raises, in a serious and responsible manner, issues about racism. ‘It has previously been shown in 12 cities, involved 150 performers and been seen by around 25,000 people with the responses from participants, audiences and critics alike being overwhelmingly positive.’ Exhibit B was staged at the Edinburgh Festival over the summer. A petition, initiated by Sara Myers from Birmingham, opposing the exhibition had reached nearly 23,000 signatures yesterday. Mr Bailey said: ‘Do any of us really want to live in a society in which expression is suppressed, banned, silenced? My work has been shut down today, whose will be closed down tomorrow?’
highlights: Exhibit B, was to recreate human zoos in which slaves were once displayed . Show was cancelled after around 200 people blocked the entrances . But black performers have rejected accusations of  racism .
id: 9d608e1fc42218d7d5261557b3a1a02151a66704
chatgpt: A controversial exhibit set to recreate human zoos that were once used to display slaves has been cancelled. The exhibit, called Exhibit B, was supposed to be showcased at a venue in Berlin, Germany. However, due to protests from anti-racism activists, the show was cancelled. Around 200 protesters blocked the entrances to the venue, citing concerns that the exhibit was a form of racism and could incite hatred towards minority groups. The exhibit was set to display black performers depicting the lives of slaves who were once kept in zoos. However, the black performers involved in the exhibit rejected the accusations of racism, arguing that their aim was to shed light on the plight of the slaves in the past. They argued that the exhibit was meant to serve as a platform for them to contribute to the fight against racism and promote cultural understanding. Speaking to the media, one of the performers, Brett Bailey, said the exhibit was not meant to be offensive or incite any kind of hatred. Instead, he argued that the exhibit was supposed to show how far society has come since the days of human zoos, while also highlighting the work that still needs to be done to eradicate racism from society. Bailey emphasized that the exhibit was not just about the display of the performers, but also about educating the public on the history of slavery and the harm that racism has caused to minority groups. Despite the intentions of the performers, the controversy surrounding the exhibit highlights the sensitivity of issues related to race in modern times. While some were quick to label the exhibit as racist, others argue that it was an important contribution to the ongoing discussions around race and human rights. The exhibition was supposed to be presented as an immersive experience, allowing audiences to step into the lives of the slaves and providing a glimpse into their lived experiences. However, despite assurances from the performers and organizers that the exhibit was not designed to cause offense or perpetuate harmful stereotypes, concerns remained among activists. In the end, it was the actions of the protesters that led to the cancellation of the exhibit. Their actions were backed by a petition signed by over 23,000 people urging the organizers to cancel the exhibit due to its potentially racist and offensive nature. The debate surrounding the exhibit raises important questions about the role of art in conversations around race and human rights. While some see such exhibits as necessary tools for promoting understanding and dialogue, others argue that they can be triggering and harmful to minority groups. Ultimately, the decision to cancel the exhibit highlights the need for more thoughtful and nuanced discussions around issues of race and the ways in which they are presented in art and media. Only then can we hope to create a more just and equitable society that is truly inclusive of all people regardless of their race, ethnicity, or background.