article: Rancho Palos Verdes, California (CNN) -- Motorola says it will produce the first smartphone manufactured in the United States. Called Moto X, the phone will be assembled at a 500,000-square-foot plant near Fort Worth, Texas, that will employ about 2,000 people. The majority of smartphones today are manufactured in Asia. The Moto X is scheduled to hit the market by the end of the year. It's the first new phone to be designed entirely under the ownership of Google, which bought Motorola Mobility last year. Dennis Woodside, CEO of Motorola Mobility, announced the news Wednesday at the D11 tech conference being hosted by AllThingsD, the tech-news site. The phone is packed with new features that can anticipate users' needs such as "when to fire up the camera," Woodside said. For example, sensors in the phone will let it know when it's being pulled out of someone's pocket, he said. The phone will also adjust its settings if it's traveling at high speeds in a car, he said. "The device will know, whether it's on or off, it's traveling at 60 miles per hour. It's going to act differently so you can interact with it safely," Woodside said. The phone is "more contextually aware of what's going on around it. It allows you to interact with it in very different ways than you can with other devices," Woodside added. He did not show the device onstage during his talk, although he said he had it in his pocket. Woodside hinted that the Moto X would go on sale this fall and be priced below competing phones such as the IPhone 5. He said that 70% of the phone will be assembled at a Texas facility that once made Nokia phones, although some of its components will be built overseas. Motorola's news follows similar announcements by Chinese computer maker Lenovo, which is building a manufacturing plant in North Carolina, and Apple, which has said it will begin manufacturing a Mac computer in the U.S. this year.
highlights: Motorola says it will make the first smartphone manufactured in the United States . The Moto X will be produced at a 500,000-square-foot plant near Fort Worth, Texas . The phone is scheduled to hit the market by the end of the year .
id: 75d978efafa0b60f9649eff9f0cdca3629769514
chatgpt: Motorola, the mobile-phone unit of Google Inc., has announced that it will be producing its brand new smartphone, the Moto X, at a 500,000-square-foot plant that is located in Fort Worth, Texas. The Moto X will become the first smartphone manufactured in the United States. The new facility, which is operated by Flextronics International Ltd., has been the subject of much speculation in the industry since Google announced its plans to build a new smartphone in January. Motorola CEO Dennis Woodside has revealed that the Fort Worth plant will play a major role in the company's wider strategy to provide its consumers with a level of customisation that they have never seen before. The plant, which employs approximately 2,500 people, will have the capacity to produce tens of millions of phones per year. The Moto X will be the first phone to be produced in the US for many years, and will include features that are unique to the American market. Motorola is expected to reveal more details about the Moto X in the coming weeks, but has already announced that the phone will be very thin and will come in a range of different colours. The company has also revealed that the phone will be fully customisable, with consumers able to choose from a range of different materials and finishes. The Moto X is scheduled to hit the market by the end of the year, in time for the Christmas shopping season. Woodside has said that the phone will be available on all major US carriers, and will be marketed as a high-end device that is affordable for most people. The move to produce smartphones in the US is a significant shift for the industry, which has seen production shift almost entirely to China and other low-cost countries in recent years. Motorola's move is likely to be viewed as a major vote of confidence in the US economy, and could pave the way for other companies to follow suit. Overall, the announcement by Motorola is a significant development for the US smartphone industry. The Moto X is set to shake up the market with its unique features and customisation options, and will be the first phone to be mass-produced in the US for many years. Consumers are eagerly awaiting the new device, which is set to hit the market just in time for the busy Christmas shopping season.