article: (CNN) -- Almost 20 years ago, Bill Watterson walked away from "Calvin & Hobbes" -- the wildly popular comic strip he created and illustrated from 1985 until 1995. Fans of the mischievous 6-year-old boy and his sardonic stuffed tiger have been left wanting more ever since. For the time being, they can at least take comfort in some cameo work released this week. Stephan Pastis writes "Pearls Before Swine," which chronicles the lives of its main characters -- Pig, Rat, Zebra and Goat, and the dreaded Crocs. He's also a big Watterson fan. Last spring he attempted to reach the notoriously reclusive comics legend via e-mail, to no avail. Undeterred, Pastis included a "Calvin & Hobbes" reference in his next strip. In it, Pastis approaches a woman at a bar and uses his profession to impress a female patron. When the woman asks which strip he draws, Pastis says "Ever heard of 'Calvin and Hobbes?'" The two end up in bed, a thought bubble above Pastis' head says: "That was wrong." Shortly after that, much to Pastis' surprise, Watterson replied. "Just getting an email from Bill Watterson is one of the most mind-blowing, surreal experiences I have ever had. Bill Watterson really exists? And he sends email? And he's communicating with me?" Pastis wrote on his blog. Not only was Pastis in communication with him -- Watterson wanted to collaborate. The two decided that Watterson would contribute panels to three "Pearls" cartoons. The series of strips ran nationally this week with the premise that a small girl named 'Libby' (or 'Lib') would stand in for Pastis. According to Pastis' blog, 'Lib' is "a precocious second grader who thought my art was crap" and is really a cheeky inside joke. (Hint: 'Lib' is almost 'Bill' spelled backward). In the first of the three strips, 'Lib' draws two crocodiles eating Pastis. The second strip is more reminiscent of Watterson's "Calvin & Hobbes" days and features a "Martian robot attack" that could be seen as nod to Calvin's alter ego Spaceman Spiff. The third ends with Pastis asking Lib if she'll draw his comic forever. "Nah. The art form's dying," she responds. According to Pastis, having the legendary Watterson draw his strip is like working with "the Bigfoot of cartooning" -- rare, and the highlight of his career. Millions of fans feel exactly the same way. Many took to Twitter guessing correctly that Watterson was the guest comic. Now if only we could get hold of a transmogrifier to turn this into the comeback "Calvin & Hobbes" fans have been longing for. How 'Calvin and Hobbes' met 'Pearls Before Swine'
highlights: Bill Watterson contributed to the comic "Pearls Before Swine" Watterson contributed three strips . The series of strips ran nationally this week .
id: 3343619a815cf49117b6f73e8fde0b9d7708e41e
chatgpt: Renowned cartoonist and creator of the popular comic strip "Calvin and Hobbes," Bill Watterson has made a rare public appearance by contributing to another comic strip, "Pearls Before Swine." Watterson, who retired from cartooning in 1995, contributed three strips to creator Stephan Pastis' comic strip. The series of strips ran nationally this week to the delight of fans of both comics. Pastis revealed the collaboration on his blog on Monday, writing that the idea for Watterson's participation came about after he asked for his help to raise money for Team Cul de Sac, a charity that helps fight Parkinson's disease. Pastis said that he never expected Watterson to agree, given his reclusive nature, but Watterson not only agreed but also offered to contribute a few strips for "Pearls Before Swine." The strips feature Pastis' characters Rat and Pig dressed up in a bear costume, with Rat attempting to pass himself off as a grizzly to impress a female bear. Watterson's input added a surreal element to the storyline, as well as a level of artistic talent that impressed Pastis. "For the three brief days that this was happening, I was the luckiest cartoonist in the world, and I knew it," Pastis wrote in his blog. "The strips are simply amazing, and it was such an honor to be a part of it all." While this is the first time that Watterson has publicly contributed to another comic strip, he has remained active in the art world. He has contributed cover illustrations for various magazines and books and has even created paintings in his own style of cartooning. Fans of "Pearls Before Swine" and "Calvin and Hobbes" have expressed their excitement over the collaboration on social media, with many praising the unique humor and art style of the strips. Many also expressed gratitude towards Watterson for sharing his talents with the comic world once again. With this unexpected contribution from Watterson, it is clear that the legacy of "Calvin and Hobbes" continues to inspire and impact the comic world. Pastis expressed his gratitude towards Watterson, saying that it was a surreal experience to see his characters brought to life by one of the greatest cartoonists of all time. The strips are available through syndication and on Pastis' blog, and fans are encouraged to view the work of these two talented cartoonists. This collaboration serves as a reminder of the power of artistic collaboration and the lasting impact of beloved comic strips.