article: By . Sophie Borland . PUBLISHED: . 17:47 EST, 4 July 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 01:46 EST, 5 July 2012 . Margaret Hodge MP, chairman of the Public Accounts Committee, described the figures as 'shocking' More than 30 hospital trusts have amassed debts totalling £300million, it has emerged. The amount of taxpayers’ money being used to bail out stricken hospitals has trebled in the past year. Only last week it was announced South London Healthcare was being put into special measures as it is on the brink of going bust. Today a report by the National Audit Office warns it and another 30 trusts are in the red, with total debts of £307million. The Government blames much of the debt on controversial private finance initiative deals, which were expanded under Labour. The NAO warned that the Government cannot afford to carry on bailing out the trusts. There are also concerns that the hospitals’ dire financial situation will lead to worsening patient care. Last year £253million of public money was given to failing hospitals to help them cover everyday running costs – more than treble the £76million spent the previous year. Next year the bailout bill is likely to rise to £300million. Margaret Hodge MP, chairman of the Public Accounts Committee said: ‘It is shocking that over the past year alone the amount the Department for Health has had to spend on bailing out trusts in financial difficulty rose by 333 per cent. ‘Trusts in particular received significant support; South London Healthcare NHS Trust and Barking and Havering and Redbridge University Hospitals NHS Trust.’ The Government blames much of the debt on botched PFI deals which were encouraged by the Labour government. These enabled private firms to pay up front for a new cancer ward or maternity department, for example, and the trust would then pay them back in yearly instalments. Last week it was announced South London Healthcare - responsible for Queen Elizabeth II hospital in Woolwich, pictured - was being put into special measures as it is on the brink of going bust . But this amount goes up with interest every year and trusts also have to spend large amounts of money maintaining the buildings so they are ‘new’. As such, many have been unable to make these repayments. The NAO warns that in future, the NHS will not be able to afford to continue bailing these trusts out. It points out that there is unlikely to be any increase in Government spending on the NHS - once inflation is taken into account - for at least the next three years. The future of South London Healthcare trust is uncertain but health secretary Andrew Lansley is likely to make a decision later this year. It covers three hospitals - Princess Royal University Hospital in Orpington and Queen Mary’s Hospital in Sidcup in Kent and the Queen Elizabeth Hospital in Woolwich, South London - and any may be closed-down.
highlights: Taxpayers' money spent on bailing out hospitals has trebled . South London trust on the verge of going bust . Government blames Labour PFI deals . Margaret Hodge MP describes figures as 'shocking'
id: d8167c86bb90407c58ac5c9e1c21749c22bfb752
chatgpt: The amount of taxpayers' money spent on bailing out hospitals has tripled in recent years, according to new figures. The data shows that a South London trust is currently on the verge of bankruptcy, with the government blaming the previous Labour administration's Private Finance Initiative (PFI) deals for the dire situation. Margaret Hodge MP, a prominent member of the Public Accounts Committee, described the figures as "shocking" and called for more transparency and accountability from both the government and the hospital trusts involved. The government has been under increasing pressure to address the long-term impact of PFI deals on the NHS. These deals, which were introduced by the Labour government in the late 1990s, were designed to provide hospitals with new buildings and facilities without the need for upfront investment. However, they have come under scrutiny in recent years due to their high costs and long-term financial impact. According to the new figures, the South London trust has been particularly affected by the PFI deals. The trust's annual budget is now almost entirely consumed by repayments to PFI investors, leaving little money for day-to-day operations. The government has promised to review the PFI deals and ensure that taxpayers do not bear the brunt of future financial crises in the NHS. However, critics argue that more needs to be done to address the root causes of the problem. "The government needs to take more responsibility for the mess it has created," said Hodge. "It cannot simply blame the previous administration and wash its hands of the matter. The taxpayers deserve better than this and hospitals need to be given the resources they need to provide quality care." The South London trust is just one example of the wider financial crisis facing the NHS. Many hospitals across the country are struggling to balance their budgets and provide a high standard of care to patients. The government has promised to increase funding for the NHS and to invest in new buildings and facilities. However, critics argue that these measures will not be enough to address the deeper structural issues facing the healthcare system. The PFI deals were initially hailed as a innovative way of improving the NHS without increasing taxes or borrowing. However, the long-term cost of these deals has put a significant strain on hospital budgets and has left many feeling frustrated and disillusioned. As the government continues to grapple with the financial crisis facing the NHS, many are calling for a more comprehensive and sustainable solution to be implemented. Whether this can be achieved in the near future remains to be seen, but the stakes are high and the pressure is mounting for action to be taken.