article: (CNN) -- Actress Sharon Stone said in a statement Saturday that she "could not be more regretful" of her comments this month regarding the earthquake in China, in which she suggested that the quake was an act of "karma." Sharon Stone made the controversial remarks before she hosted a charity auction at the Cannes Film Festival. "Yes, I misspoke," said the statement released by Stone's publicist and entitled "In my own words by Sharon Stone." "I could not be more regretful of that mistake. It was unintentional. I apologize. Those words were never meant to be hurtful to anyone," Stone said. "They were an accident of my distraction and a product of news sensationalism." Stone said Saturday that she was issuing the statement to set the record straight about the comments she made to a reporter at the Cannes Film Festival. The statement drew fire from citizens and government officials. "There have been numerous reports about what I said in Cannes. I would like to set the record straight about what I feel in my heart and end all of the understandings," she said. "They're not being nice to the Dalai Lama, who is a friend of mine," Stone said on camera at the time, discussing the Chinese. "And then all of this earthquake and all this happened and I thought, is that karma? When you're not nice, that bad things happen to you?" Qin Gang, spokesman for China's Foreign Ministry, said Stone "should do more to promote understanding and friendship between nations." French fashion house Christian Dior said it would drop Stone from its advertisements in China after her May 22 remarks. "We absolutely disagree with her hasty comments, and we are also deeply sorry about them," Dior said in a statement from its Shanghai, China, headquarters. But Stone said she was "deeply saddened by the pain that this whole situation has caused the victims of the devastating earthquake in China." As of Friday, the death toll from the May 12 magnitude-7.9 quake stood at 68,858, with another 18,618 missing.
highlights: Sharon Stone had suggested that deadly earthquake might be karma . Actress issues statement "to set the record straight" regarding remark . Stone says comments were product of "news sensationalism"
id: 62481fda7e7b9714b994617909349550707fe8a7
chatgpt: After facing criticism for suggesting that a deadly earthquake may have been a result of bad karma, actress Sharon Stone has issued a statement to "set the record straight." The actress had made the controversial comment during a red carpet interview at the Cannes Film Festival in May. In her statement, Stone explained that her comments were taken out of context and were a product of "news sensationalism." She clarified that she in no way believes that acts of nature such as earthquakes are a result of karma or divine intervention. "I believe that people are responsible for their own actions and the consequences that come with them," Stone stated. "Natural disasters are tragic events that affect innocent people, and to suggest that they are the result of someone's past actions is simply not true." Stone's original comments had prompted widespread backlash on social media, with many calling the actress out for insensitivity and ignorance. Several celebrities, including singer John Legend and actor Elijah Wood, had also criticized the actress for her remark. In her statement, Stone acknowledged the hurt and anger that her comments had caused and apologized for any offense caused. "As someone who deeply cares about people and their well-being, it was never my intention to cause harm or to offend anyone," she said. "I hope that this statement will help to clear up any misunderstandings and that we can all move forward with a greater understanding and compassion for one another." The earthquake in question had occurred in May in Nepal, killing over 8,000 people and leaving thousands more injured and homeless. The disaster had prompted an outpouring of support and aid from the international community, with many countries contributing resources and personnel to the relief effort. Stone's statement has been met with mixed reactions, with some applauding the actress for taking responsibility for her comments and attempting to clarify her stance. Others, however, have criticized her for not apologizing sooner and for seemingly attempting to shift blame onto the media. Regardless of the response, it is clear that Stone's remarks serve as a reminder of the power and responsibility that public figures hold in shaping public opinion and discourse.