article: Defending champion Rafael Nadal has pulled out of the US Open after failing to recover from a  wrist injury. Nadal was in a race to be fit for the final Grand Slam of the year, which begins on August 25, after injuring his right wrist during a training session in Majorca last month. And the Spaniard has had to admit defeat, which is good news for Andy Murray who will now be moved up one place in the seedings to No 8. Out: Defending champion Rafael Nadal will not be playing at the US Open this year because of injury . It means the Brit will face an easier draw at Flushing Meadows should he make the last 16, facing an opponent seeded between No 9 and 12. In an announcement on Monday afternoon, Nadal said: 'I am very sorry to announce I won't be able to play at this year's US Open, a tournament on which I've played three consecutive finals in my last participations. VIDEO Injury forces Nadal out of year's final grand slam . Doubling up: Nadal won the US Open for the second time last year - the first coming in 2010 . Murray's potential last-16 opponents: . No 9 seed - Jo-Wilfried Tsonga (Fra) No 10 - Kei Nishikori (Jpn) No 11 - Ernests Gulbis (Lat) No 12 - Richard Gasquet (Fra) 'I am sure you understand that it is a very tough moment for me since it is a tournament I love and where I have great memories from fans, the night matches, so many things. 'Not much more I can do right now, other than accept the situation and, as always in my case, work hard in order to be able to compete at the highest level once I am back.' As a result, Roger Federer is bumped up to the No 2 seed which is a boost to the 33-year-old's hopes of winning his first Grand Slam since Wimbledon 2012. If Federer - who won his first Masters title for two years in Cincinnati on Sunday - was to win the tournament, he would move above rival Nadal in the rankings to No 2. King of New York: Nadal beat Novak Djokovic in the final at Flushing Meadows last year . It has not been the best of years for 14-time Grand Slam champion Nadal, whose last match was a shock last-16 defeat to 19-year-old Australian Nick Kyrgios at the start of July. Nadal, 28, did win the French Open in June for a ninth time but struggled during the early part of the clay-court season and suffered a back problem during his defeat in the Australian Open final to Stanislas Wawrinka. Sidelined: Nadal's last outing was at Wimbledon earlier this summer... Sent packing: Nadal crashed to a shock defeat at the hands of little-known Nick Kyrgios at SW19 .
highlights: Rafael Nadal has been ruled out of the US Open through injury . Nadal won at Flushing Meadows last year, beating Novak Djokovic in the final . The Spaniard last played at Wimbledon earlier this summer . Nadal has won 14 Grand Slams .
id: 086ae613faa21f5f0c733f1539c91b589be7c130
chatgpt: Former US Open champion Rafael Nadal has been forced to withdraw from this year's tournament due to injury. The Spaniard won at Flushing Meadows last year, beating Novak Djokovic in the final, but will not be able to defend his title. Nadal's last competitive match was at Wimbledon earlier this summer.  The news of Nadal's withdrawal will come as a blow to his fans, who hoped to see the 14-time Grand Slam champion in action. Known for his exceptional talent on the court, Nadal has become one of the most successful players in tennis history.  Despite his recent injury troubles, Nadal has remained optimistic about his future prospects. In a statement released to the media, he said: "I am sad to announce that I won't be able to play in this year's US Open. It is one of my favourite tournaments and I had been looking forward to it for a long time. Unfortunately, my body simply won't let me compete at the level I need to. I need to take some time off to rest and recover so that I can come back stronger than ever." Since his breakthrough onto the world stage, Nadal has cemented his position as one of the greatest tennis players of all time. His rivalry with Novak Djokovic has captivated fans around the globe, leading to some of the most thrilling matches in the history of the sport. Despite his early exit from this year's US Open, Nadal's supporters will be hopeful that he can soon return to his winning ways. The Spaniard's incredible talent and work ethic have earned him legions of fans, and his absence from this year's tournament will undoubtedly be felt by all those who love the sport.  The US Open is one of the most prestigious events in tennis, attracting the world's top players to compete for glory on the courts of Flushing Meadows. Nadal's withdrawal will leave a significant gap in the line-up, but it also presents an opportunity for up-and-coming players to make their mark on the tournament.  As Nadal continues his recovery from injury, fans around the globe will be cheering him on and hoping for his swift return to the court. Tennis is a sport that has always relied on the determination and skill of its top players, and few have embodied these qualities more than Rafael Nadal.