article: WASHINGTON -- For the second time since resigning the Alaska governorship more than a month ago, Sarah Palin is adding her voice to the fiery debate over health care. Sarah Palin says in a new op-ed that big government is not the solution to health care reform. This time, Palin is hitting the pages of the Wall Street Journal to counter President Obama's latest efforts to reform the nation's health care system. "The answers offered by Democrats in Washington all rest on one principle: that increased government involvement can solve the problem. I fundamentally disagree," Palin writes in the 1,110-word opinion piece in Wednesday's edition of the paper. "Common sense tells us that the government's attempts to solve large problems more often create new ones," the former Republican vice presidential candidate continues. "Common sense also tells us that a top-down, one-size-fits-all plan will not improve the workings of a nationwide health-care system that accounts for one-sixth of our economy." Palin, whose initial Facebook posting on "death panels" last month is credited with spurring heated opposition to the House Democratic health care proposal, again raises the claim -- now widely debunked -- that a government panel could determine which senior citizens receive vital treatments. "Is it any wonder that many of the sick and elderly are concerned that the Democrats' proposals will ultimately lead to rationing of their health care by -- dare I say it -- death panels?" she writes. "Establishment voices dismissed that phrase, but it rang true for many Americans."  Watch more on the health care debate » . Ultimately, Palin says, "Congress will likely reject a wrong-headed proposal to authorize end-of-life counseling in this cost-cutting context" because Americans made their voices heard in the contentious town halls last August. "But the fact remains that the Democrats' proposals would still empower unelected bureaucrats to make decisions affecting life or death health-care matters. Such government overreaching is what we've come to expect from this administration," she says. Palin also takes issue with the president's assertion that Democrats' heath care proposals will rein in costs and eliminate waste and inefficiency in the system. Citing the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office, Palin says currently proposed health care legislation will do little to bring down costs, but will instead cause the federal deficit to skyrocket by more than $200 billion over the next decade. "Only in Washington could a plan that adds hundreds of billions to the deficit be hailed as a cost-cutting measure," writes Palin. Instead, Palin argues the true solution to health care lies in "market oriented, patient-centered, and result driven" measures such as providing tax benefits for those who get health care coverage from their jobs, providing seniors on Medicare vouchers to buy their own coverage, and allowing people to buy health insurance across state lines.
highlights: Sarah Palin blasts Democrats' health care reform proposals in newspaper op-ed . Palin: Public outcry led Congress not to authorize "end-of-life counseling" She takes issue with Obama's view that Democrats' plans will rein in costs . Palin says the true solution is a "market oriented, patient-centered" approach .
id: af9f4409d13b9c8cb6b4cd51be1db99d5c9c237c
chatgpt: In a scathing op-ed published in major newspapers across the country, former Alaska governor Sarah Palin blasted Democratic efforts to reform the country's health care system. Palin specifically took issue with a provision that would have allowed for "end-of-life counseling," arguing that vocal opposition from the public ultimately led Congress not to authorize the counseling.  "Though I was called a liar for calling it like it is back in August," Palin wrote, "it seems that many of the same folks who denied that 'death panels' were a real concern are now acknowledging that such a provision in the health care bill would be completely unacceptable to the American people."  Palin went on to argue that the Democrats' proposals would not actually rein in health care costs, as claimed by President Obama and others. Instead, she suggested that a "market oriented, patient-centered" approach would be the true solution to the country's health care woes.  "The American people are not interested in a top-down, government-led approach to their health care," Palin wrote. "They want accountability, choice, and control over their own health care decisions."  Palin's op-ed represents the latest salvo in a contentious battle over health care reform that has divided the country for months. Republicans have been largely opposed to Democratic reform proposals, with some even going so far as to suggest that the plans amount to "socialized medicine."  Proponents of reform argue that the status quo is unsustainable, and that doing nothing will only make the problem worse in the long run. Obama has pledged to overhaul the country's health care system, citing rising costs and a growing number of uninsured Americans as evidence of the need for reform.  Palin's op-ed is likely to add fuel to the fire, as many on both sides of the debate have already declared their positions and seem unlikely to be swayed by new arguments. Nonetheless, her views carry weight with millions of Americans, particularly within the Republican base.  Palin has been a vocal opponent of Democratic policies since leaving office in Alaska, and has emerged as a leading voice within the Republican Party. Her endorsement remains highly sought-after by candidates seeking office, and her views on health care reform are likely to influence the upcoming midterm elections.  Overall, Palin's op-ed is likely to be seen as yet another indication of the deep divisions that exist within the country over health care reform. With no clear consensus in sight, it remains to be seen whether Democrats will be able to pass a reform package that satisfies both their supporters and their opponents.