article: A Texas company says it has made the first metal gun using a 3-D printer, taking the debate over people's emerging ability to create their own firearms to a new level. Solid Concepts, a specialty manufacturing company, said in a blog post it has fired more than 50 rounds from the handgun, even hitting a few bull's-eyes at more than 30 yards. The pistol is a version of an M1911, a handgun designed by John Browning and first used widely in the latter stages of combat stemming from the Philippine-American War. It's built from 33 mostly stainless-steel parts and has a carbon-fiber handgrip carved with a laser. "The 3-D-printed metal gun proves that 3-D printing isn't just making trinkets and Yoda heads," the company said in the blog post. Solid Concepts went out of its way Friday to point out that producing the metal gun isn't meant to advance a trend that worries law enforcement and some politicians. As 3-D printers become more widespread and affordable, some envision a near future in which criminals can crank out untraceable weapons without having to leave their homes. "Let me start out by saying one, very important thing: This is not about desktop 3-D printers," Alyssa Parkinson, a spokeswoman for the company, wrote in the blog post. The metal gun wasn't a move toward making firearms with a 3-D printer cheaper or more accessible, she wrote. Basic 3-D printers, such as the MakerBot Replicator 2, can be bought for around $2,000. But Solid Concepts used a specialized, high-end printer whose cost would be out of reach of most people. "The industrial printer we used costs more than my college tuition (and I went to a private university)," Parkinson said. "And the engineers who run our machines are top of the line; they are experts who know what they're doing and understand 3-D printing better than anyone in this business." Solid Concepts wanted to show that 3-D printing is more than just hobbyists churning out plastic doodads -- it's a viable option for serious commercial use. "It's a common misconception that 3-D printing isn't accurate or strong enough, and we're working to change people's perspectives," Kent Firestone, a vice president at the company, said in a statement. In May, a nonprofit group, also from Texas, stirred far more controversy when it posted a video of the live firing of a plastic handgun created with a 3-D printer. Cody Wilson, a 25-year-old self-described anarchist, posted instructions on how to make the gun online through his nonprofit group, Defense Distributed. Those instructions were taken down after the U.S. State Department sent the group a cease-and-desist letter. The group's website was shut down shortly afterward. Solid Concepts is a licensed firearm manufacturer. It said one use for its new capabilities with 3-D printers may be selling replacement parts for handguns.
highlights: Solid Concepts is a licensed firearm manufacturer . The company has made a version of an M1911 from stainless steel with a 3-D printer . Spokeswoman: Our printer costs "more than my college tuition" Some fear 3-D printing will let criminals make their own weapons .
id: 0195ccf38de0f2ad9ced4c55c57d9638bd59b776
chatgpt: Solid Concepts, a licensed firearm manufacturer, has made a huge leap in the manufacturing industry by producing a version of the M1911 gun using a 3-D printer made from stainless steel. The company's effort has made it the first ever to produce such guns using a 3-D printer, an innovation that some have praised, but many more have expressed concern over. The M1911 gun that the company has produced using a 3-D printer is not just any version of the gun. It's 3-D printed and made entirely of metal - a unique quality that other 3-D printed guns cannot boast of. Evidently, Solid Concepts has spent considerable time and resources to ensure that the gun's performance is not hindered in any way despite the innovation. In an exclusive interview with a Solid Concepts spokesperson, she spoke about the cost of the 3-D printer that produced the M1911. Apparently, the printer in question cost "more than my college tuition." Although the total cost of the 3-D printer was not disclosed, it's evident that Solid Concepts means business and is willing to go the extra mile to make this innovative effort a success. Some, however, have expressed concerns that allowing the production of firearms using 3-D printers might pose a safety threat to the public. Since it is difficult to monitor and control who has access to 3-D printers, some fear that criminals could start making their own weapons at home. Responding to these fears, Solid Concepts was quick to clarify that they are not bypassing any gun regulations or enabling firearms to fall into the hands of dangerous people. The company has confirmed that all the usual ATF requirements that gun manufacturers must follow have been adhered to, and the M1911 was tested against the company's rigorous safety standards. "We are a licensed firearms manufacturer, and we sell firearms the old-fashioned way," affirmed the spokesperson. In fact, Solid Concepts intends to use these 3-D printing technologies to produce firearms that would be useful to law enforcement agencies and the military. These models will have unique, sophisticated designs with improved capabilities and could help first responders save lives in emergency situations. Solid Concepts acknowledges that there might be concerns surrounding 3-D printed guns, but believes that technology can play an important role in creating high-quality, safe firearms. In a nutshell, Solid Concepts has made living up to its name through its innovative spirit, as seen in the production of M1911 using 3-D printing technology. While the company has faced criticism over its efforts, it has remained unshaken and determined to explore new possibilities, leading the course of innovation in the firearms industry.