article: (CNN) -- Two giant pandas arrived in Taiwan Tuesday after leaving China's Sichuan province for their new home, in a sign of improving ties between the cross-strait neighbors. Tuan Tuan and Yuan Yuan rest at a giant panda research center in Sichuan province on Monday. Tuan Tuan and Yuan Yuan, both four years old, had been living in Ya'an since the May 12 earthquake that damaged their former home in Wolong in Sichuan, according to the state-run Xinhua news agency. The pandas ate a meal of steamed corn buns and carrots before they were placed in a truck and taken to the Sichuan capital of Chengdu. From there, they were flown to Taiwan. "They had a good breakfast to sustain them on the long journey," said a Taiwan keeper traveling with the animals to the island, according to Xinhua. The panda goodwill was the latest sign of warming relations between Beijing and Taipei.  Watch more about the pandas » . Regularly scheduled commercial flights, shipping and mail between Taiwan and China resumed last week for the first time since the 1949 revolution that brought the Communist Party to power on the Chinese mainland. On Monday, the Taiwan Affairs Office of the State Council said China would provide 130 billion yuan ($19 billion) in financing over the next two to three years to Taiwan-based companies doing business in the mainland. Taiwanese President Ma Ying-jeou has been cultivating ties with Beijing since winning office in March. Ma, a Nationalist, opposes reunification with China but ran on a platform touting the economic benefits of better relations with the mainland. In June -- in the first formal talks between the two sides in almost a decade --Chinese and Taiwanese officials agreed to set up permanent offices in each other's territories. Taiwan separated from China after the communists' victory in the Chinese civil war in 1949. About 2 million Chinese Nationalists fled to Taiwan and set up a government there. Beijing has always considered the island a part of China and has threatened to go to war should Taiwan declare formal independence. China said in May 2005 it would give the island two giant pandas, but their departure was delayed for more than three years. Improved ties between the two sides made the delivery of the pandas possible, Xinhua reported. The pair, whose names Tuan and Yuan together mean "reunion," will live in a four-story building at the Taipei city zoo, and their lodgings will include an outdoor playground, the agency said. After a one-month quarantine, the pandas are expected to make their debut in Taiwan during the Chinese lunar new year. There are about 1,590 pandas living in China's wild, mostly in Sichuan and the northwestern provinces of Shaanxi and Gansu. There were 239 captive-bred giant pandas in China in 2007, Xinhua reported. One panda died in the May quake, while another is still missing, according to an official at the China Panda Protection Studies Center in Wolong.
highlights: Pandas will live at Taipei zoo, expected to debut during the Chinese lunar new year . Panda goodwill the latest sign of warming relations between Beijing and Taipei . Regular flights began between the two sides for the first time since 1949 . About 1,590 pandas live in China's wild, and there were 239 captive bred in 2007 .
id: a6e61cdd3dd061992295e78ab39591e3cb05ba2d
chatgpt: In a sign of warming relations between Taiwan and mainland China, pandas from China will soon make their home at the Taipei Zoo. The pandas are expected to make their debut during the Chinese lunar new year, in time for the festivities that start on January 24.
 
The panda goodwill is the latest sign of a thaw in the historically chilly relationship between Beijing and Taipei. Just last month, regular direct flights began operating between the two sides for the first time since 1949.
 
The two pandas coming to Taipei are a five-year-old male named Tuan Tuan and a four-year-old female named Yuan Yuan. Both pandas were born at the Wolong National Nature Reserve in China's Sichuan Province, and were selected by the Taiwan government as presents from the Chinese mainland. 
 
According to the Taipei Zoo, both Tuan Tuan and Yuan Yuan are in good health and have adapted well to their new environment. The pandas will live in a special enclosure at the zoo, with an indoor and outdoor area for them to roam around in. Visitors to the zoo will be able to see the pandas up close and learn more about the endangered species.
 
Pandas are an important symbol of the friendly relationship between Taiwan and China. The decision to send pandas to Taiwan is part of China's "panda diplomacy," an effort to use the rare and lovable animals to show goodwill towards other nations.
 
The population of pandas in the wild is estimated to be just under 1,600, and the number of captive pandas worldwide is even smaller. According to a 2007 survey, there were only 239 captive pandas in the world, most of them in China. Pandas have been listed as an endangered species by the International Union for Conservation of Nature since 1990. 
 
The Taipei Zoo has been preparing for the arrival of the pandas for months, with staff members training to care for the animals and a new enclosure built specifically for them. The zoo has also been working to raise awareness about pandas and their protection, hoping to inspire visitors to take action to help preserve the species.
 
The arrival of the pandas has been eagerly anticipated by the people of Taiwan, who have expressed their excitement on social media and in the news. Some have noted the historical significance of the event, given the complicated relationship between Taiwan and China over the years.
 
The Taipei Zoo is planning a special ceremony to welcome the pandas to their new home, with guests from both Taiwan and China expected to attend. The arrival of Tuan Tuan and Yuan Yuan is sure to be a highlight of the new year festivities, and a reminder of the friendly ties that can exist between nations, even in the face of historical and political tensions.