article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . An Atlanta woman says she was turned away from four hospital before one agreed to remove a huge tumor that was growing in her belly because she was uninsured. Doris Lewis, 59, is a grandmother but with her enormous tumor looks as though she is heavily pregnant. At first, Lewis says she didn't realize she had a tumor. Scroll down for video . Huge growth: Doris Lewis's massive tumor is finally going to be removed after four hospitals rejected her for not having insurance . Suffering: The tumor grew to enormous proportions within two months, leaving Lewis in great pain . 'I didn't know it was a tumor in there. I thought I was just gaining weight at first,' Lewis told WBS-TV. But within just two months, the tumor had swollen to the size of a beach ball, and showed no sign of stopping. Lewis went to various hospitals but none would help to relieve her of the tumor, which is benign but extremely painful. 'It's getting bigger every day,' she told WSB-TV. 'I can feel it on my body. My heart hurts a little bit.' She says she has been trying to get insurance since her husband died a few years ago but had no success, and that when she tried to sign up for affordable healthcare, she was told she had missed a deadline. Agony: Ms Lewis was recently forced to call 911 as the pain from the tumor became unbearable . Uninsured: Lewis says she has tried to get insurance in the years since her husband died but had been unsuccessful . The tumor is wrapped around her ovaries and has her family extremely concerned. Recently, Lewis was in so much pain with the huge growth that she called 911 and was taken to Emory University Hospital in midtown. Finally, a doctor told her that she would be treated, with or without insurance. Doctors were amazed at the size of Lewis's tumor, telling her it was the largest they had ever seen. 'Some of the guys looked at me and said, "You got a tumor in there that is so big it's about to pop,"' Lewis told WSB-TV. Her surgery is scheduled for June 10 and it can't come quick enough for Lewis. 'It would feel great, now, if I could get it out today. Right now. It would be a blessing,' she told WSB-TV.
highlights: Grandmother Doris Lewis has a tumor wrapped around her ovaries . Visited four hospitals but all refused as Ms Lewis has no insurance . The tumor is benign but growing daily and causing her great agony . Ms Lewis was recently forced to call 911 because of the pain . Finally, Emory University Hospital agreed to do the surgery . The 59-year-old is scheduled for the procedure June 10 .
id: d6d588405b0581965085ea7a000ff5cd717e9f68
chatgpt: After visiting four hospitals with no insurance, Doris Lewis, a 59-year-old grandmother, found herself in a desperate situation. She has a tumor wrapped around her ovaries that is is benign, however, it is growing daily and causing her great agony. Recently, the pain was so unbearable for Ms. Lewis that she was forced to call 911. Unfortunately, every hospital Ms. Lewis had visited refused to perform the surgery without insurance. Finally, Emory University Hospital came through and agreed to do the surgery. The hospital has scheduled her for the procedure on June 10. Ms. Lewis is one of the many people who don't have health insurance, a problem that has been exacerbated by the coronavirus pandemic. According to a recent report by the Commonwealth Fund, over 46 million people are uninsured in the United States, and many more are underinsured. One of the reasons for the high number of uninsured people is the cost of healthcare, which is notoriously high in the United States. Despite the Affordable Care Act (ACA) mandating that every American should have health insurance, many people still can't afford it. And for those who can't, the consequences can be dire. Ms. Lewis' story is not unique. Many people in the United States have to choose between paying for healthcare or paying for rent and other necessities. This choice is especially difficult for those who are sick and need medical attention. The lack of universal healthcare coverage in the United States has been a longstanding issue, and the coronavirus pandemic has only highlighted the need for reform. The pandemic has also led to a surge in unemployment, and with that, a rise in the number of people without health insurance. Hopefully, Ms. Lewis' successful surgery at Emory University Hospital will attract attention to the issue of healthcare coverage in the United States. No one should have to suffer from a treatable illness because they can't afford health insurance.