article: By . Kerry Mcdermott . PUBLISHED: . 05:30 EST, 10 October 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 19:38 EST, 10 October 2012 . One man takes the weight, another grips the powerful tail and whoever draws the short straw gets to hold on to the head, his fingers just inches from all those teeth. All three men were needed to lift this 248lb giant, the largest blue shark to be caught in British waters and a potential man killer. It was reeled in by 43-year-old Bob Pollard, 11 miles off Penzance, Cornwall, and beats the previous best by 26lb. Skipper Robin Chapman used the tried-and-tested formula of measuring the length of the shark and its girth to calculate its weight before returning it to the sea alive. 'It was just massive': It took anglers Shane Triggs, Bob Pollard, and skipper Robin 'Chippy' Chapman (l-r) all their might to haul the shark on board the fishing boat off the coast of Cornwall . Bob Pollard was fishing in a boat around 11 miles off the coast of Penzance, Cornwall, when he reeled in the mighty catch . For an official record, Mr Pollard and . fellow angler Shane Triggs would have had to weigh the shark on land, . which would have meant killing it. Mr Pollard, a builder from St Neot, . near Liskeard, said: ‘It started off with a very gentle tug on my bait . but after I began to wind it in, the battle commenced in earnest. ‘I knew it was going to be a decent . sized fish. When it broke the surface, it was just massive. It took the . three of us to pull it aboard.’ The shark measured 8ft 3in in length and was 3ft 9in around the middle. Mr Chapman, 33, skipper of the boat . Bite Adventures, said: ‘I have had a couple of blue sharks at about . 180lb before. You could tell just by looking at it that this one was . much, much bigger. ‘We are 100 per cent “catch and release” and Bob would never have wanted to kill such a wonderful fish.’ There are calls for the British Record . Fish Committee to recognise catches that are calculated by measuring . the length and girth so encouraging fishermen not to kill certain . species. This 10-foot long porbeagle shark was caught 300 yards off a Cornish beach by fishermen Wayne Comben and Graeme Pullen .
highlights: Mighty killer shark was over 8ft long and weighed 248lbs, or 17 and a half stone . Bob Pollard, 43, spent half an hour battling to reel in the huge shark off the coast of Penzance in Cornwall . Angler measured the length and girth of his catch to calculate its weight before returning it to the sea alive .
id: 86c7d279c0a09442c67832632cac323300f7bc06
chatgpt: A seasoned angler, Bob Pollard, has caught a mighty killer shark off the coast of Penzance, Cornwall. The shark measured over 8 feet long and weighed a staggering 248lbs, or 17 and a half stone. Bob Pollard, who is 43 years old, was fishing in the waters off Penzance when he felt a tug on his line. Little did he know that he had just hooked a massive shark that would take him half an hour to reel in. Pollard fought with the shark, exerting all his energy to overcome the powerful creature. Finally, after an intense struggle, he was able to bring the shark close enough to measure its length and girth before releasing it back into the sea alive. The shark was a sight to behold, with its sharp teeth and powerful form. Pollard, who has been fishing for many years, said that he had never caught anything quite like this before. The angler was determined to keep the shark alive and healthy, so he took great care in measuring its length and girth to calculate its weight. After taking the measurements, Pollard estimated that the shark weighed around 248lbs or 17 and a half stone. This put the shark in the category of being one of the largest that he had ever caught. He was overjoyed with his catch and felt a great sense of achievement. Pollard is known in the fishing community for his skill and experience as an angler. He has caught many different types of fish over the years, but this shark was a real challenge. The angler was proud of his catch and the fact that he was able to release the shark back into the sea alive is a testament to his love and respect for the ocean and its creatures. In conclusion, Bob Pollard's recent catch off the coast of Penzance has made headlines in the fishing world. His mighty killer shark, measuring over 8 feet long and weighing 248lbs, is a sight to behold. Pollard's dedication to measuring and releasing the shark back into the sea alive shows his respect for the ocean and its inhabitants. With this catch, Pollard has cemented his reputation as one of the best anglers in Cornwall.