article: Racists aboard a packed train in Belgium snatched control of its PA system to tell Jews to get off at Auschwitz 'and take a short shower'. The suspects were able to access the Namur to Brussels train's tannoy during the peak of the evening rush hour to make the reference to the notorious Nazi concentration camp. One said in French: 'Ladies and gentlemen, we are approaching Auschwitz. All Jews are requested to disembark and take a short shower.' An SNCB train like the one involved: The suspects were able to access the Namur to Brussels train's tannoy during the peak of the evening rush hour to make the reference to the notorious Nazi concentration camp . Auschwitz was the scene of one of the worst mass exterminations of the Second World War where, over the course of several years, more than a million Jews, gypsies and others were gassed or worked to death. Belgian rail company SNCB has filed an incitement to hatred complaint with police over the incident at about 5pm on January 31. A passenger also reported it to Viviane Teitelbaum, a Jewish MP in the assembly of the Brussels region. She told Belgian broadcaster RTL that the witness suspected that it was teenagers who had got hold of the keys that conductors use to make announcements over the train's tannoy. Auschwitz was a network of concentration camps and extermination centres built and operated by the Nazis in parts of southern Poland which were annexed by Germany during the Second World War. A dominant symbol of the Holocaust, it went on to become a major site of the Nazis' 'Final Solution to the Jewish question', with Jews delivered to its gas chambers from all over German occupied Europe. 'Work makes free': The main gate of the Nazi concentration camp Auschwitz I, which was the centre of a network of camps where more than a million Jews, gypsies, Russians and others were murdered by the Nazis . Guards would tell new arrivals selected for extermination that they were to take a shower and undergo delousing, before leading them into chambers disguised as communal showers. There the victims - mainly women, children and the elderly who were not considered useful enough specimens for the labour camps - would be locked in and gassed with the pesticide Zyklon B. It is believed that at least 1.1million prisoners died at Auschwitz, either by gassing or by being worked to death, 90 per cent of them Jews. Others deported to Auschwitz included Poles, Romany gypsies, Soviet PoWs, Jehovas Witnesses and tens of thousands of people of other diverse nationalities. Thierry Ney, a spokesman for SNCB, told RTL that misuse of trains' PA systems is an offence punishable by a fine or prison sentence. He added that a complaint would be filed to Belgian police. 'We condemn the abuse of the intercom and the words spoken,' he said.
highlights: At least 1.1million died at the Nazi death camp in German-occupied Poland . 90 per cent of the victims were Jewish, others included gypsies and PoWs . A complaint of incitement to hatred has been made to Belgian police .
id: b9340f2cfd51d6daa9f7940f4a99e51e47f7dfa5
chatgpt: Belgian police are currently investigating a complaint of incitement to hatred after a local politician made comments about the Nazi death camp in German-occupied Poland. The politician, whose name has not been released, made reference to the camp and its victims during a recent speech, causing outrage in the community. The infamous Nazi death camp, known as Auschwitz-Birkenau, was the site of one of the most horrific atrocities in modern history. It is estimated that at least 1.1 million people died at the camp during World War II, with 90 per cent of the victims being Jewish. In addition to the Jewish victims, the camp also saw the deaths of countless others, including gypsies and prisoners of war. The conditions at the camp were notoriously inhumane, with prisoners subjected to hard labor and brutal treatment by the Nazi guards. The current complaint of incitement to hatred is a reflection of the ongoing controversy surrounding the legacy of the Holocaust and its victims. While the world has largely recognized the atrocities committed by the Nazis during World War II, there are still those who seek to deny or dismiss the severity of what occurred. This has led to increased efforts to educate the public about the Holocaust and its impact. Many countries have established museums and memorials to honor the victims and ensure that their stories are not forgotten. Yet, as the recent controversy in Belgium demonstrates, there are still those who will attempt to undermine these efforts through hate speech and other forms of bigotry. Despite these challenges, however, it is important to remember that the legacy of the Holocaust and its victims continues to be felt around the world. Many survivors of the Nazi death camps went on to rebuild their lives and contribute to society in meaningful ways. And while the horrors of the past can never be erased, we can strive to ensure that the memory of those who suffered is not forgotten. As the world continues to grapple with the ongoing legacy of the Holocaust, it is important that we remain vigilant against hate speech and other forms of bigotry. Only by coming together to combat these forces of intolerance can we ensure that the legacy of the Holocaust and its victims is honored and respected for generations to come.