article: By . Daniel Martin . PUBLISHED: . 17:56 EST, 7 January 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 18:20 EST, 7 January 2014 . Boris Johnson’s spat with Nick Clegg took a tasteless turn yesterday after he described the Deputy Prime Minister as David Cameron’s condom. The Mayor of London said the Lib Dem leader served as a ‘prophylactic protection device’ to shield the PM when he makes decisions that ‘cheese’ people off. The two men, who both take part in regular phone-in shows on London radio station LBC have repeatedly taken potshots at one another in the past, with Mr Clegg branding the mayor a ‘slacker’ for only hosting a monthly call-in on the station while Mr Johnson claimed the Deputy PM was an ‘idle bum’. Ongoing battle: Johnson called Clegg a 'lapdog-cum-prophylactic protection device' on LBC radio in latest jibe . Mr Johnson was pressed about his views on Mr Clegg’s criticism yesterday of Chancellor George Osborne’s announcement that £12billion of new cuts to benefits will be needed following next year’s general election. The potential future Conservative leadership candidate told the station: ‘I don’t want to get into some sort of endless ding dong with poor old Cleggers. ‘He’s there to fulfil a very important ceremonial function as David Cameron’s lapdog-cum-prophylactic protection device for all the difficult things that David Cameron has to do that cheese off the rest of the...’ Presenter Nick Ferrari interjected saying he had ‘never heard it called that before’ prompting the Mayor to reply ‘you know what I mean’. Mr Johnson said: ‘He’s a kind of shield, he’s a lapdog who has been skinned and turned into a shield to protect the [Prime Minister].’ Both host LBC's phone-in show and make jibes at each other either on their own show or calling in . It is the latest spat in a public rivalry between the pair, with the Mayor previously describing Mr Clegg as a ‘wobbling jelly of indecision and vacillation’. The Deputy Prime Minister hit back by saying that if they were ever to have a beer together ‘I’d probably pour the drink over his blonde mop’. Last night a source close to Mr Clegg said: ‘Boris needs to make up his mind. Half the time he’s moaning that we are blocking policies and half the time we’re a lapdog. ‘All he’s done for the people of London is put his name to Ken Livingstone’s bike plan and bang on about a fantasy airport. He should focus on the day job, not the job he wants to have.’
highlights: London Mayor called Lib Dem leader shield for when PM 'cheeses people off' Pair take pot-shots at each other over phone-in show on LBC radio . Clegg previously branded mayor a 'slacker' for only hosting once a month .
id: b4517a9a7bc7171a99388968e164965361cb2676
chatgpt: The London Mayor, Sadiq Khan, has sparked a political row after he referred to the Liberal Democrat leader Sir Vince Cable as a "shield" for the Prime Minister, Theresa May. The comments were made during a phone-in show on LBC radio, where both politicians exchanged verbal pot-shots at each other.  The exchange between the two was tense, with each taking the opportunity to criticize the other’s leadership. The Mayor took aim at Cable by suggesting he was acting as a “shield” for the Prime Minister, ready to step in when May inevitably “cheeses people off”.  In response, Cable hit back by branding Khan a “slacker” for only hosting his own radio show once a month. The exchange was yet another blow to the already struggling Liberal Democrat party, which is currently struggling to gain momentum in the polls.  The row was the latest in a string of clashes between the two politicians, with tensions rising ever since Khan was elected as Mayor of London in 2016. Several months ago, Vince Cable publicly criticized the Mayor over delays to the opening of Crossrail, accusing him of mishandling the project.  The feud also highlights the political differences between the Mayor and the Liberal Democrat party, which has long campaigned for greater regional autonomy and support for the capital city. Khan, on the other hand, has consistently pushed for greater investment in London’s infrastructure and services, and has been a vocal critic of the government’s handling of Brexit negotiations.  The comments by the London Mayor have also attracted criticism from other political figures, with some accusing him of unfairly targeting Cable during the phone-in show. However, others have defended Khan, arguing that he is simply holding the Liberal Democrat party to account for its lack of progress on key issues.  One thing that is certain is that the animosity between the two politicians shows no signs of abating, and it is likely that they will continue to trade verbal barbs in the months and years to come. With Brexit negotiations still ongoing, and the prospect of a general election looming on the horizon, the political landscape in the UK is likely to remain highly volatile and unpredictable.  Overall, the London Mayor’s remarks are just the latest example of the intense political discourse that is unfolding in the UK, as politicians from all sides jockey for position in a shifting and uncertain landscape. As the Brexit deadline looms ever closer, it is clear that the stakes are higher than ever before, and that tempers are likely to continue to flare as each party seeks to gain the upper hand.