article: (CNN)"When there is a very difficult situation, women are called in to do the work. To sort out the mess." Christine Lagarde is the woman who has been tasked to do just that. She has led the IMF since 2011 amidst the organization being in the center of scandal; regarding its former managing director as well as a global economic crisis. Lagarde is considered one of the most powerful women in the world - Forbes placed her in 5th position in their 2014 list -  as well as a pioneer in her profession. She was the first woman to chair the global law firm Baker and McKenzie. Then she became the first female finance minister of France. She is now the first woman to lead the IMF and is in control of the global economy during an extended period of austerity. This reflects upon this experience. "It's a common trait of women, to be concerned about the collective success more than about their individual visibility respectability and success," she says. Lagarde is acutely aware that she is a trailblazer in this chiefly male industry every time she steps into the IMF boardroom - where the portraits of her male predecessors hang. "I hope that there will be plenty of other female paintings," Lagarde says. "I feel even worse when I look around the table unfortunately, because there's only one female executive director out of 24 around the table." She is using her current position of power to draw attention to issues concerning women in the global workforce. "I'm the managing director of the International Monetary Fund...and our voice is listened to by policy makers," says Lagarde, who is helping coordinate empirical research and analysis to provide evidence of the strong contribution that women provide to the economy. "I don't want to let my female colleagues around the globe down," she says. "I don't want them to turn around to me and say...'why did you make a mess out of it'?" she says frankly.
highlights: Christine Lagarde Managing Director of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) She is leading the IMF during a period of scandal and global economic crisis . Evidence is being gathered to prove the importance of women to the economy . Being the first women to lead the IMF brings responsibility but also hope for women to follow in her footsteps .
id: 8cf153c41a516116603cdb3800742f6eb0430c82
chatgpt: Christine Lagarde has been at the helm of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) since 2011, leading the organization through a period of scandal and global economic crisis. As the first woman to hold the position, Lagarde has shouldered the responsibility of charting a course through these turbulent times, while also serving as a role model for women around the world. Under Lagarde's leadership, the IMF has tackled a range of challenges, from the crisis in Greece to the economic fallout from Brexit. But perhaps her most lasting legacy will be her work to promote the role of women in the global economy. As evidence continues to mount that gender parity is not just a moral imperative, but an economic one, Lagarde has been a tireless advocate for closing the gender gap in the workplace. She has argued that investing in women's education, health, and opportunities is not just the right thing to do, but the smart thing to do. In a 2018 speech to the Women's Forum in Canada, Lagarde highlighted some of the evidence behind this argument. For example, she cited a study by McKinsey and Company that found that if women participated in the economy at the same rate as men, global GDP could increase by as much as $28 trillion by 2025. Lagarde has also been committed to increasing the representation of women within the IMF and other international organizations. Under her leadership, the percentage of women in senior positions at the IMF has risen from 17% in 2012 to nearly 30% in 2019. But Lagarde's impact goes beyond just numbers and statistics. As the first woman to lead the IMF, she has inspired countless women around the world to pursue careers in finance, economics, and policy. Her success has shown that women can indeed succeed in male-dominated fields, and that their voices and perspectives are crucial to creating a more equitable, sustainable future. As Lagarde prepares to step down from her position at the IMF to become the president of the European Central Bank, she leaves behind a legacy of leadership, advocacy, and hope. While the challenges facing the global economy are far from over, Lagarde's contributions will be felt for years to come, both within the IMF and beyond.