article: You can almost hear the collective gasp of horror in clubhouses across the land. Carly Booth has staked her claim as the new face – and more to the point new body – of women’s golf by stripping off for a daring photoshoot. The 21-year-old posed nude for a sports magazine before taking part in the Ricoh Women’s British Open in St Andrews, Scotland this weekend. Carly Booth posed nude for a sports magazine before taking part in the Ricoh Women's British Open in St Andrews, Scotland . And if the former private schoolgirl’s naked ambition wasn’t enough to shock some of the more genteel members of the golf community, her tattoos might be. She has five in total, one of which – on her hip – is a quote adapted from Shakespeare’s Julius Caesar. Miss Booth has said she wanted to make golf more appealing for girls . The professional golfer, who attended the independent Glenalmond College in Perthshire, said she took some persuading to do the shoot, for ESPN Magazine’s ‘The Body Issue’. ‘It took me a while to decide that it was something I wanted to do,’ she said. ‘The more I looked into it and saw the type of athletes that had done it before, then I realised it was a great honour to be asked.’ Her father Wally, 73, was relaxed about the pictures – but not about the tattoos. Mr Booth, a former silver medallist in wrestling at the Commonwealth Games, said: ‘I looked at the picture – it isn’t sexy or anything – and just saw the tattoo because I didn’t know she had one. ‘When I was younger people with tattoos were getting them taken off, so I’ve always been against them.’ Miss Booth said she wanted to make golf more appealing for girls. ‘I paint my nails, I wear big earrings,’ she explained. ‘I wear a lot of colour, but I wear pink the most. ‘I think it’s only going to be a positive outcome if we all try to make ladies’ golf a bit more glamorous. Male golf has been more dominant. We want young girls to see us and think, “Oh, I love her – I love what she’s wearing”. We want them to pick up the sport and we want to be good role models.’ Miss Booth in action at the Ricoh Women's British Open at St Andrews .
highlights: Carly Booth posed nude for magazine before Ricoh Women's British Open . She said she took some persuading to do the shoot for ESPN Magazine . Miss Booth has said she wants to make golf more appealing for girls .
id: b89a5817fe6f6008e53ad0dc59332148ae3cf9c0
chatgpt: Professional golfer Carly Booth has made headlines after posing nude for ESPN Magazine prior to the Ricoh Women's British Open. The Scottish golfer said she took some persuading to do the shoot but ultimately decided it was worth it if it meant making golf more appealing for girls. The 26-year-old athlete is known for her striking looks and her impressive golfing abilities. She is a member of the Ladies European Tour and has two titles to her name. With this controversial photo shoot, Booth hopes to bring attention to her sport, and to encourage more young girls to take up golf. Booth, who is a role model for many young women, says that one of her goals is to make the sport of golf more appealing to girls. "I want to show that golf can be for everyone, no matter what your background, what your interests are, or what you look like," she said in a recent interview. The photo shoot, in which Booth poses completely nude except for some strategically placed golf clubs, has certainly garnered a lot of attention. Some have praised her for her bravery, while others have criticized her for using her body to promote her sport. Booth, however, is unapologetic about her decision. "I wanted to do something that would get people talking about golf," she said. "And if it takes a little controversy to get people to pay attention, then so be it." The golfer has been open about her struggles with body image in the past, and says that posing nude has actually helped her feel more comfortable in her own skin. "It was definitely scary at first, but once I got on set and started shooting, I felt really empowered," she said. Booth hopes that her message of inclusivity and body positivity will inspire more young women to take up golf. "I want to show that you don't have to look a certain way or fit into a certain mold to be a golfer," she said. "I want to see more girls out there on the course, having fun, and feeling confident in themselves." As for her performance at the Ricoh Women's British Open, Booth finished tied for 54th place. While it wasn't her best showing, she remains optimistic about her future in golf. "I'm always looking to improve, both on and off the course," she said. "And if posing nude helps me do that, then I'm all for it."