article: Charlottesville, Virginia (CNN) -- Jurors at the trial of a University of Virginia lacrosse player accused of fatally beating his ex-girlfriend were asked by a defense attorney Wednesday to consider only an involuntary manslaughter conviction. Attorney Francis Lawrence, in his opening statement, contended that would be appropriate because the death was an accident. George Huguely currently faces charges including first-degree murder in the death of Yeardley Love, who also was a lacrosse player for the university. University of Virginia law professor Darryl Brown told InSession that involuntary manslaughter in the state carries a maximum 10-year sentence. Huguely has been held for two years. But prosecutors, in their opening statement, said Huguely made an e-mail threat against Love, 22, before her May 2010 death. Prosecutor Warner D. Chapman read e-mails exchanged between the two after Huguely learned Love had allegedly slept with someone else. The defendant wrote, "I should have killed you" and Love responded, "You should have killed me?" according to Chapman. Huguely responded that the pair should talk, Chapman said. Chapman also told jurors Love's death was slow and painful and that she could have remained alive for a couple of hours after Huguely left her apartment. The defense also claims Love was alive when Huguely left. Charlottesville Police Detective Lisa Reeves wrote in a sworn statement used to obtain a search warrant in the case that "George Huguely admitted on May 3, 2010, that he was involved in an altercation with Yeardley Love and that during the course of the altercation he shook Love and her head repeatedly hit the wall." But defense attorney Lawrence said there was no evidence that Love's head hit a wall. Lawrence said Huguely refused to believe Love was dead when questioned by police. Police were initially called to Love's off-campus Charlottesville apartment by a roommate who reported "a possible alcohol overdose," Police Chief Tim Longo said at the time. "It was quickly apparent to them this young lady was the victim of something far worse," Longo said. A medical examiner ruled that blunt force trauma killed Love, and authorities allege Huguely caused it during the altercation. Love had "a large bruise on the right side of her face which appears to have been caused by blunt force trauma," according to the police sworn statement. Huguely admitted he kicked open the door to Love's bedroom after he found her apartment door unlocked, according to the detective's affidavit. He also admitted he took her computer from her apartment, Reeves wrote. It was later found by police after Huguely told them where he disposed of it, she said. The trial is expected to last two weeks. InSession's Lena Jakobsson contributed to this report.
highlights: Jurors hear differing accounts of Virginia student's 2010 death . Prosecution contends defendant fatally injured Yeardley Love during a fight . George Huguely's defense calls the death an accident . The suspect and victim were members of UVA's highly ranked lacrosse teams .
id: f8998bee74644a9ce3eaa5bade601fdbe73bffa0
chatgpt: Jurors in Charlottesville, Virginia heard two very different accounts surrounding the 2010 death of University of Virginia student Yeardley Love on Wednesday. The prosecution alleges that former UVA lacrosse player George Huguely V fatally injured Love during a fight. Huguely's defense team argues that the death was the result of an accident. During the opening statements, prosecutors argued that Huguely, who was Love's ex-boyfriend, went to her apartment in a drunken rage after finding out that she had been seeing someone else. They stated that Huguely kicked down Love's bedroom door and physically attacked her until she was unconscious. The defense, on the other hand, insists that Love's death was accidental. They claim that Huguely only intended to talk to Love and that he was not aware of the extent of her injuries. The defense also suggested that Love's use of prescription medication for attention deficit disorder could have contributed to her death. Both Love and Huguely were members of UVA's highly-ranked lacrosse teams at the time of the incident. Their relationship had reportedly become strained following Huguely's arrest for drunkenly resisting a police officer. Love had allegedly tried to distance herself from him, but Huguely was persistent in trying to win her back. The trial has been highly anticipated, with many noting the similarities between this case and the high-profile murder of Meredith Kercher in Italy. Huguely's attorneys have emphasized the need for jurors to keep an open mind and evaluate the evidence fairly, while the prosecution made an emotional argument urging the jurors to hold Huguely accountable for Love's death. The case has also prompted discussions about the role of alcohol and violence on college campuses, particularly in the context of competitive sports. UVA has faced scrutiny over its handling of the case, with some arguing that the school should have done more to intervene in the increasingly volatile relationship between Love and Huguely. The trial is expected to last for several weeks, with dozens of witnesses set to testify. The case has garnered national attention and sparked important conversations about relationship violence and accountability in college communities.