article: (CNN)Police on Friday arrested Dustin Diamond, better known as "Screech" in the early 1990s sitcom "Saved by the Bell,"  in a stabbing incident at a bar in  Port Washington, Wisconsin. Diamond, 37, of Port Washington, was charged  with three misdemeanors: second-degree recklessly endangering safety; carrying a concealed weapon; and disorderly conduct, use of a dangerous weapon, according to a press release from the police. He was being held Friday in lieu of $10,000 bond. According to an arrest report released Friday afternoon, the stabbing took place late Thursday night during an argument in the Grand Avenue Saloon. Diamond said he and his girlfriend, Amanda Schutz, 27, were inside the bar when a group of intoxicated people started behaving in a rude and insulting manner, leading him to believe "there was going to be a brawl," the report said. He said he turned to close his account and get their coats, but when he looked back, his girlfriend was bleeding and two men were holding her hair, the report said. Diamond said he moved toward his girlfriend when a man grabbed him, the report said. Diamond said he he might have stabbed the man with a pen used to sign a credit card receipt, but later conceded he was armed with the knife, the report said. "Diamond stated that he did not intentionally stab the individual in the bar but that chaos broke out and people were grabbing at him and that he swung his arms to break free," the report stated. Diamond and Schutz drove away from the bar and were stopped by police, who said they found a "stiletto folding knife with a 3.75-inch blade, which uses a thumb stud and assisted opening mechanism." Police said the tip of the knife was moist. The man identified as the stabbing victim told police he didn't see a knife or initially feel being cut. Police said the wound was not life threatening. Other people in the bar said the fracas started when women started shoving each other, the police report said.. One witness told police a woman was upset because people were taking pictures of her and her boyfriend. Schutz was charged with disorderly conduct and released, police said. Port Washington is north of Milwaukee on Lake Michigan. Diamond appeared on "Saved by the Bell" as awkward nerd Samuel "Screech" Powers from 1989 to 1993 and later appeared in various spinoffs of the hit show. In September, Lifetime aired a movie about life on the set loosely based on a book written by Diamond. The book garnered negative criticism for Diamond from castmates, who said it was inaccurate. In 2013, Diamond distanced himself from the book, telling OWN that the book had been written by a ghostwriter and was a "disappointment" to him. 'Saved by the Bell' movie: What we learned . CNN's Chuck Johnston contributed to this report.
highlights: Diamond said he was acting to protect his girlfriend . Actor said he didn't intentionally stab anybody . Police said they found a knife in Diamond's vehicle .
id: 70a6807077cfedbd8fba55e9891eed8970c3b685
chatgpt: Actor Dustin Diamond, best known for his role as Screech on the popular 90s television show "Saved By The Bell" has found himself in the midst of a legal battle after he allegedly stabbed a man in a Wisconsin bar on Christmas Day. Diamond, 37, was charged with second-degree recklessly endangering safety, disorderly conduct and carrying a concealed weapon. He was released from jail last Friday after posting a $10,000 bail. During a recent interview on "Good Morning America," Diamond said he was acting out of protection for his girlfriend who was being harassed at the bar. "This guy punched her in the back of the head without any provocation," Diamond said. "I opened my pocket knife and said, 'Let my girlfriend go.'" According to Diamond, the man then grabbed him by the throat and Diamond swung his arm to get the man off of him. "It was not my intention to harm anyone," he said. However, police have countered Diamond's version of events. The criminal complaint states that Diamond and his girlfriend began arguing with another couple and that Diamond threatened to stab them. The other couple then left the bar, but Diamond and his girlfriend stayed. Shortly after, Diamond allegedly approached the couple and stabbed the man in the armpit with a switchblade knife. The victim suffered a non-life threatening wound and was released from the hospital later that day. Police later found a knife in Diamond's vehicle, which Diamond said he used as a prop while he was performing at a comedy club earlier that night. He claims he forgot he had the knife in his jacket pocket when he went to the bar. Diamond's lawyer, Thomas Alberti, said that the actor is "looking forward to the truth coming out" and that Diamond "has complete confidence in the justice system." Diamond is due back in court on January 22 for his preliminary hearing. Despite the charges against him, Diamond's former "Saved By The Bell" co-stars have come out in support of him. Mario Lopez, who played A.C. Slater on the show, tweeted "I know him& this doesn't sound like him...Makes me think there's more to the story." Mark-Paul Gosselaar, who played Zack Morris, said "I don't wanna get in trouble, but I have to say that it would't be the first time that someone has made up a story about Dustin Diamond. So I kinda think it's a little bit of a trend." It remains to be seen what Diamond's defense strategy will be, but the fact that police found a knife in his vehicle could prove to be damning evidence against him. Whether or not he acted in self-defense, it will ultimately be up to the court to determine if Diamond's actions were justified.