article: A Utah man has allegedly shot dead his girlfriend and then tried, and failed, to commit suicide just hours after telling her family he was planning to propose to her on Valentine's Day. Christian Emerson, 26, is a convicted rapist but had been dating Amanda Hoyt, also 26, for about a year. Police believe he pulled out a gun while the two were driving home from a family birthday party on Sunday night and shot Hoyt several times. He then shot himself in the head. Amanda Hoyt was shot multiple times and killed by her boyfriend Christian Emerson while the two were driving home from a birthday party . Emerson posted this photo around Halloween time of him wearing a Michael Myers mask from the 'Halloween' slasher movies. He joked on his Facebook page that he's a serial killer . Authorities were called to the Salt Lake City suburb of North Logan, Utah, about midnight after Emerson's Subaru crashed into a curb. Inside, they found Hoyt dead and Emerson with a gunshot wound to the head, the Deseret News reports. Emerson was flown to the hospital and is expected to survive his injury. Hoyt's stepfather says Emerson had pulled him aside just hours before and said he wanted to propose to her on Valentine's Day. 'We talked for a little while, and then I knew that they were thinking about getting married around Christmas of this year,' Jeff Tingey told the newspaper. Mr Tingey said no one in the family ever had any indication that Emerson was violent. Hoyt had been dating Emerson for about a year and he recently told her family he planned to propose on Valentine's Day . 'I feel pretty confident in my abilities to discern if there was something that didn't feel right, and I never saw this one coming. All I saw was somebody who deeply loved Amanda,' he said. Mr Tingey said Emerson was open about his 2007 rape conviction. Emerson is on the sexual assault registry in Utah for the crime, which was committed in Oregon. Emerson's Facebook profile picture shows him and Hoyt smiling together and both of them have several happy photos posted to their social media accounts. Emerson also posted a photo of himself wearing a creepy Michael Myers mask from the 'Halloween' slasher films. When a friend commented: 'Dude that makes you look like a serial killer just thought I'd let you know that,' he responded: 'I am lol.' Hoyt, who had suffered diabetes since she was a girl, recently underwent surgery and was on the mend. Mr Tigey said she was 'turning her life around' and planned to attend school to become a nursing assistant.
highlights: Christian Emerson, 26, shot his girlfriend Amanda Hoyt, also 26, several times before shooting himself in the head, police say . The shooting happened while the two were driving in Emerson's car after attending a family birthday party . Police found Hoyt dead and Emerson with a gunshot wound to the head. He is expected to survive . Emerson was convicted of rape in 2007 . Hoyt's stepfather said Emerson approached him hours before the shooting about marrying Hoyt in December .
id: 93b895fec45d2cd4afe728512db55347dc67b6d9
chatgpt: Tragic news has emerged of a fatal shooting in which a young couple lost their lives while driving home after attending a family birthday party. According to police, 26-year-old Christian Emerson shot his girlfriend, Amanda Hoyt, several times before turning the gun on himself in a gruesome murder-suicide. The incident has sent shockwaves through the community, with family and friends struggling to come to terms with the tragedy. Hoyt was found dead at the scene, while Emerson sustained a gunshot wound to the head. Fortunately, he is expected to survive. The shooting occurred in Emerson's car, and police are still investigating the circumstances that led up to the incident. However, it has been confirmed that Emerson had a criminal history, having been convicted of rape in 2007. In a tragic coincidence, Emerson had reportedly approached Hoyt's stepfather just hours before the shooting, asking for permission to marry her in December. It is unclear whether this played a role in the tragic events that followed. The news has sent shockwaves through the community, with many struggling to come to terms with the senseless loss of life. Friends and family have taken to social media to offer their condolences, with many expressing their shock and disbelief at what has happened. Emerson's previous conviction has also raised questions about how he was able to acquire a firearm. While further details have yet to emerge, the incident has once again highlighted the need for more comprehensive background checks and tighter gun control regulations in the United States. For now, however, the focus remains on mourning the loss of two young lives and offering support to their loved ones. The community has rallied around the family, offering messages of love and support during this difficult time. As the investigation continues, many are left questioning what could have led to such a tragic event. While answers may never be found, one thing is certain - this is a devastating loss for all those involved. Our thoughts and prayers are with the families and loved ones affected by this senseless act of violence.