article: By . Matt Rocheleau . Man's best friend is the mailman's worst nightmare. The United States Postal Service has halted mail delivery to dozens of homes in a Cedar Rapids, Iowa neighborhood because a small, unleashed Chihuahua mix has been terrorizing their local mailman. 'The dog has interfered, on a number of . occasions with the delivery of the mail in that particular . neighborhood,' USPS spokesman Richard Watkins told KCRG. Scroll down for video . This small dog has been terrorizing a local mailman prompting the USPS to suspend mail delivery until it is properly leashed . The owner of the small Chihuahua mix holds the troublesome dog while talking to a local TV reporter. 'It's a nice dog,' he said. 'Once we know that . the dog owner has taken responsibility and making sure that dog is not . running free in the neighborhood, the mail delivery will continue,' he added. The canine's owner, Guillermo Tellez, contends its friendly. 'It’s a nice dog,' he said. But, some others side with the postal service's characterization of the pooch. Alyssa Taylor, who lives next door, said her family has been attacked by the dog. 'We . got chased a couple times just bringing in our groceries into our house . in our own driveway,' Taylor said. 'We called animal control at that . point and they did come and seize the dogs because it did not have its . vaccines up to date.' Owner Guillermo Tellez says his Chihuahua mix is friendly, 'a nice dog.' But others, including his next door neighbor disagree . 'Two weeks later my five-year-old was bit in the back of the leg in our own backyard,' she added . City officials said animal control workers visited the home twice last summer, including once when a dog was bit by the child. An officer spoke to the family this week . and police said the owner will be cited if the dog is spotted running . around the neighborhood. For now, neighbors have to visit a nearby post office to get their mail and some are urging for mail delivery to resume. 'I don't really care what they do,' said neighbor Elmer Kasey. 'I just want my mail back.' Residents received letters last week . from the USPS announcing it would suspend service in the neighborhood . until the dog is restrained. The notices were sent after the mailman saw the Chihuahua mix off its leash for the fifth time. The USPS says 5,879 postal employees across the country were attacked by dogs during 2012. Next door neighbor Alyssa Taylor says she and her young children have been attacked by the small dog on multiple occasions. Another neighbor Elmer Kasey says all he wants is for his mail delivery to resume . This letter was sent to residents telling them that mail service was suspended and that they can pick up their mail a local post office until the dog is leashed .
highlights: Neighborhood mailman has been attacked five times by small unleashed Chihuahua mix . USPS has suspended mail delivery service until dog is restrained . The dog's owner Guillermo Tellez defended the dog as being friendly . But his next door neighbor disagrees and says her family has been attacked multiple times and her 5-year-old son bitten .
id: e2b56c6f4f3157189c04bef979ea893f4b50591d
chatgpt: Residents in the Oak Park neighborhood of Sacramento, California, were left without mail delivery service after a neighborhood mailman was attacked for the fifth time by a small Chihuahua mix. The United States Postal Service has suspended mail delivery to the area until the dog is restrained. Mailman Pete Davis has been working for the postal service for more than three decades but had never been attacked by a dog until he started his deliveries in this particular neighborhood. He recounts being bitten and chased by the small dog several times while delivering mail to a residence on his route. Despite the repeated attacks, the dog's owner Guillermo Tellez defended his pet, claiming it was simply a friendly dog that was being protective of its home. "He just wants to say hello and protect his owners. He's not mean," Tellez commented. However, Tellez’s next-door neighbor has a different story. She claims that her family has been attacked multiple times as well, and that her five-year-old son was bitten by the dog. "I can't even take my son to the park anymore because he's scared of dogs now," said the neighbor, who wished to remain anonymous. "We're just scared to go outside because you never know when that dog is going to come after us again." The USPS takes safety concerns for their workers very seriously and has a policy of suspending mail delivery service to areas where dogs pose a threat to postal workers. The policy is in place to protect both the employees and the dogs. Davis has reluctantly been forced to deliver mail to homes in the area by walking through backyards to avoid the attacking pup, but with the dog still on the loose, he believes that more needs to be done. "I'm scared to death to come here now, and I'm scared for the families too," said Davis. "Something needs to be done, the owners need to take control of their animals." Under California law, dog owners are responsible for controlling their pets and ensuring they do not pose a threat to people or other animals. Failure to do so can result in fines or legal action against the owner. According to the American Veterinary Medical Association, about 4.5 million people are bitten by dogs each year in the United States. The majority of those bites are caused by familiar dogs, with children and seniors being the most vulnerable as they are generally less able to defend themselves. The USPS will resume mail delivery service to the Oak Park neighborhood once the dog is restrained and deemed no longer a threat to postal workers. Meanwhile, Tellez has promised to heed the USPS policy and restrain his dog to enable mail delivery service to resume. Animal control officials have since been notified of the repeated attacks and are currently investigating the matter.