article: He has been looking for love online since splitting from Good Morning Britain presenter Susanna Reid. And it appears Dominic Cotton’s search may have come to an end. The 46-year-old was spotted outside his home with mother-of-two Adela Straughan, just days after Miss Reid left the house to go on holiday. Scroll down for video . Romance: Susanna Reid's ex-husband Dominic Cotton was seen with new girlfriend Adela Straughan this week . Miss Straughan, 43, joined Mr Cotton on Saturday, and they were also seen together later in the week. Miss Straughan, who is in the process of divorcing her husband, and Mr Cotton appeared to be going on an afternoon jaunt as they loaded up his car with padded jackets and bags last Sunday. An onlooker saw them kiss before heading off to their destination. Yesterday Mr Cotton said Miss Reid, 43, was aware that he was in a new relationship – admitting it was ‘odd’ because they still live under the same roof in South London. The pair, who have three sons, were together for 15 years before parting earlier this year in February in what was dubbed the ‘curse of Strictly’ as it came just after her appearance on the BBC show which has seen numerous couples split. He said: ‘Susanna knows I’ve got a girlfriend. This is an odd situation living together, but we get on really well.’ The pair, who have three sons, were together for 15 years before parting in February. Growing apart: Mr Cotton and Miss Reid, who were together for 15 years, pictured with each other in December . Mr Cotton then set up a profile on dating website Match.com in which he said he was looking for a woman aged 35 to 45 and added: ‘Underneath my blokeish exterior I am a sensitive soul. ‘I enjoy sharing things and am someone who doesn’t shy away from commitment. Life is for living with someone special.’ Things aren’t so bright for Miss Reid this week. Viewing figures for her ITV breakfast show are down 13 per cent on the same slot last year.
highlights: Susanna Reid's ex-husband seen with new girlfriend Adela Straughan . Dominic Cotton and Miss Reid still live under the same roof in south London . Miss Straughan spotted outside their home while Miss Reid is on holiday . Mr Cotton joined Match.com after split from Good Morning Britain presenter .
id: 6f137a3bf7137b2d84885ea9e4e672fff4282462
chatgpt: Dominic Cotton, the ex-husband of Good Morning Britain presenter Susanna Reid, has been seen with his new girlfriend outside the South London home he still shares with his former wife. 
Adela Straughan was spotted by passers-by outside the property while Reid is currently on holiday.
Cotton and Reid, who have three children together, split in 2014 after 16 years of marriage. Despite the separation, the pair still live under the same roof, opting for an unconventional living arrangement that works for their family.
Cotton has been open about his split from the television host, revealing that he joined Match.com in order to find love again. 
Straughan, who is seen as Cotton's new partner, seems to have settled in well to Cotton's closest surroundings. It is unclear how long the couple have been seeing each other.
The situation may be uncomfortable for some former spouses, but Reid and Cotton have previously opened up about their living arrangement, suggesting that some people find their situation "weird". It is clear, however, that the arrangement is successful in allowing both parties to be present in their children's lives.
Cotton has always made it clear that he is on good terms with his former wife, saying that Reid is an "amazing person" and a "fantastic mum". He has also expressed regret for the stress that the split may have caused for Reid, suggesting that they still care for each other, just not in a romantic way.
Reid has remained relatively tight-lipped about her split from Cotton, preferring to keep her private life out of the media spotlight. The presenter has her hands full with her role on Good Morning Britain, which she has held since 2014, as well as her parenting duties.
As for Cotton and Straughan, their burgeoning relationship seems to be going from strength to strength. The pair have been spotted out and about in London, enjoying each other's company and taking in the sights.
It remains to be seen whether their relationship will continue to blossom, but for now, it seems that Cotton and Straughan are enjoying each other's company, while Reid remains happy to co-parent with her ex-husband under the same roof.