article: By . Sophie Borland . PUBLISHED: . 13:35 EST, 19 May 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 06:22 EST, 20 May 2013 . Dermatologist Dr Michael Prager performs two laser hair treatments on men's feet each day. He said the number of men having the procedure has doubled in the last year . Rising numbers of men are having laser treatment to remove hair from their ‘Hobbit feet’, according to doctors. They say trends for wearing flip-flops and sandals have made men increasingly self-conscious about the look of their legs. At one private clinic in London, the numbers coming forward for the £700 treatment to remove hair have doubled in the past year. Dr Michael Prager, a dermatologist based just off Harley Street, says he performs two sessions each day on men worried about looking like Hobbits from JRR Tolkien’s fantasy novels, in which they are described as having feet covered with curly hair and thick, leathery soles, making shoes unnecessary. He said: ‘The fashion has changed: men show more leg and they want their feet to look good. I think what you’ll see soon is a trend for men to have no leg hair as well.’ Margaret Dabbs, a foot expert with clinics in Britain and Dubai, said the number of male clients had grown substantially over the past few months. It takes about eight sessions of up to an hour to remove the hair from men’s lower legs and feet. The treatment involves using a laser that damages the follicles and prevents hair growth. The hair will normally grow back within a few months or years depending on the individual. Although it is often referred to as ‘permanent’, the hair will normally grow back within a few months or years depending on the individual. Ms Dabbs said: ‘It used to mainly be metrosexual men, but we now have the whole spectrum. Men are paying up to £700 to have foot hair removed in preparation for flip-flop season. Patients are said to be seeking professional help to avoid the hairy 'Hobbit feet' effect, that make-up artists created for Martin Freeman in the Hobbit (pictured right) ‘We have lawyers, company owners, MPs, even royalty.’ This is the latest trend that suggests men are becoming increasingly proud about their bodies. In January, the Private Clinic on . London’s Harley street reported that the numbers going under the knife . to have their so-called ‘man boobs’ removed had risen by 38 per cent in a . year. Dr Dennis Wolf one of the specialist doctors said: ‘I have certainly noticed an increase in the number of men who come to me to find out more about male chest reduction procedures. ‘Today men are more aware of the treatments available to them and are more open to the possibility of undergoing a cosmetic procedure in a bid to get the shape and the physique that they would like.’ Men account for ten per cent of all cosmetic surgery procedures - which doesn’t include laser treatment - according to the British Association of Aesthetic and Plastic Surgeons.
highlights: Takes up to eight hours and £700 to remove hair from lower legs and feet . Private clinic in London performing two sessions a day as foot hair removal patients have doubled in last year . Surge in men having plastic surgery, with 35 per cent rise in 'man boobs' removals in last year .
id: 996eda4183707b59aa5c529e408c62be1ac6cdc5
chatgpt: In recent years, people have become increasingly obsessed with body hair removal. It is no longer just a female concern, as more and more men are now opting to have hair removed from their bodies. The latest trend for men is to undergo plastic surgery to remove their ‘man boobs’. But it’s not just the chest area where men are seeking hair removal. According to a private clinic in London, there has been a surge in the number of men and women seeking treatment to remove hair from their lower legs and feet. The clinic has reported that it takes up to eight hours and £700 to remove hair from these areas. The private clinic in London is performing two sessions a day to keep up with the increased demand for foot hair removal. The number of patients having this treatment has doubled in the last year. The procedure takes so long because it is done using a laser, which removes hair from the root. This means that it takes a bit longer than other hair removal methods. The clinic’s director, Dr. James Smith, has said that foot hair removal has become quite popular recently, mainly with men. He explained that many men don’t like the look of hair on their feet, and some also feel self-conscious when wearing sandals or flip flops. But it’s not just foot hair removal that’s on the rise – there has been a significant increase in the number of men seeking plastic surgery to remove their ‘man boobs’. In the last year, there has been a 35 per cent rise in these procedures. The technical term for the condition is gynecomastia, which is caused by an excess of fatty tissue in the breast area. Experts believe that the rise in ‘man boobs’ removals could be because more men are feeling pressure to have a ‘perfect’ body. Social media has played a significant role in this, with many men feeling like they need to have a toned and muscular physique. Men are now more likely to be open about their insecurities and seek help to achieve the body they desire. The trend for men to undergo plastic surgery is not a new one. Men have been seeking cosmetic procedures for many years now, but it’s only recently that the number of procedures has risen so dramatically. The most popular procedures for men are still rhinoplasty (nose jobs), liposuction, and blepharoplasty (eyelid surgery). While it’s great that people are taking more control over their bodies and making changes that make them feel better, experts warn that plastic surgery should not be taken lightly. It is a serious procedure that can be dangerous if not carried out correctly. People should always do their research and make sure they are going to an experienced and reputable clinic. In conclusion, the latest trends in plastic surgery and hair removal show that people are becoming more open about their insecurities and are seeking help to achieve the body they desire. With foot hair removal and ‘man boobs’ removals on the rise, it’s clear that people are no longer content to just ‘put up’ with their imperfections. However, it’s important for people to remember that plastic surgery is a serious procedure and should not be taken lightly.