article: Japan could be wiped off the face of the earth by a massive volcanic eruption some time in the next century killing almost all of its 127million inhabitants, according to a new study. Experts analysing the eruption patterns of volcanoes on the island nation say it is 'not an overstatement' to predict that a natural disaster could leave the country 'extinct'. Scientists at Kobe University looked at a massive volcanic crater on Kyushu Island, which has erupted seven times in the last 120,000 years. Scroll down for video . Scientist warn that Japan could be made extinct in the next century by eruption which would kill 95 per cent of the country's 127million inhabitants (pictured, Mount Ontake erupts in September killing 51 people) They predicted that another eruption on the southern island would bury 7million underneath lava flows, while westerly winds would carry a huge pall of ash and dust to Honshu. The toxic cloud would make the neighbouring island 'unliveable', they said, while saving the 120million living in major cities and towns would be 'hopeless'. Professors Yoshiyuki Tatsumi and Keiko Suzuki calculated that the risk of such an eruption occurring in the next 100 years  was around 1 per cent. However, they said that figure could not be ignored, as the chance of a major earthquake striking Kobe within 30 years was estimated at about one percent just a day before a 7.2-magnitude quake destroyed the Japanese port city in 1995, killing 6,400 people. 'Therefore, it would be no surprise if a colossal eruption occurs at any moment,' the study added. The news comes just weeks after Mount Ontake, in central Japan, erupted suddenly in September, killing 51 people, some of whom were children. Researchers predicted that another eruption on southern island of Kyushu would bury 7million underneath lava flows, while another 120million would die on the neighbouring island of Honshu from ash and dust . Most of those who died were hikers who were standing and taking pictures near the summit when the mountain erupted in the country's worst volcanic disaster for 90 years. It also comes amid warnings that a volcano in southern Japan located 40 miles from a nuclear plant was showing signs of increased activity that could possibly lead to an eruption. Ioyama, a mountain on the south western island of Kyushu, has also been shaken by small tremors and other signs of rising volcanic activity recently, indicating that it might also erupt. One tremor lasted as long as seven minutes, an official at the Japan Meteorological Agency's volcano division said.
highlights: Scientists say explosion could kill 95 per cent of country's 127million people . Say better technology is needed to map magma pockets in earth's crust . News comes just weeks after Mount Ontake suddenly erupted killing 51 .
id: 715dbc62a462003c85aa1d7cdcb82909dbd7643b
chatgpt: Scientists have issued a grim warning about the possibility of a catastrophic explosion that could potentially wipe out 95 per cent of Japan's population. According to reports, better technology is needed to identify and map the pockets of magma that can be found beneath the earth's crust, which could be the source of a violent volcanic eruption. This news comes just weeks after Mount Ontake suddenly erupted, killing 51 people and leaving many others injured. The tragedy has highlighted the need for improved safety measures and scientific understanding of geological events. Japan is located on the Pacific Ring of Fire, one of the most active volcanic regions in the world. The country also experiences frequent earthquakes, which can trigger volcanic activity. As such, scientists have been working for years to develop advanced technologies that can aid in the prediction and management of volcanic eruptions. However, the recent warning from scientists suggests that the current state of technology is still inadequate to detect the potential risks of a massive eruption that could have devastating consequences. A catastrophic explosion could unleash vast quantities of lava, ash and toxic gases, which would have profound effects on human life and the environment. It is estimated that more than 127 million people live in Japan, making it one of the world's most densely populated countries. A volcanic eruption on this scale could have catastrophic consequences, both in terms of loss of life and damage to infrastructure. Speaking to reporters, one scientist noted that "Japan is facing an unprecedented level of risk when it comes to volcanic activity, and we need to take immediate action to improve our understanding of the underlying geological factors that could trigger an eruption." Some experts have suggested that new advancements in satellite imaging and other forms of remote sensing could provide better data on the state of the earth's crust, which in turn could help scientists to identify potential areas of volcanic activity. Despite the risks associated with volcanoes, it is important to note that Japan has a rich cultural history that is deeply entwined with the country's natural environment. Many volcanoes, such as Fuji-san, are cherished sites that attract visitors from around the world. However, it is essential that measures are put in place to protect the safety of people living in the vicinity of these natural hazards. As the world grapples with an increasingly complex array of environmental risks, scientists and policymakers must work together to develop new ways of understanding and mitigating the impacts of natural disasters. While it may be impossible to completely eliminate the risks of volcanic activity, it is essential that we take every possible step to minimize the potential impacts on human life and the environment.