article: (CNN)  -- AC Milan missed the chance to leapfrog city rivals Inter at the summit of Serie A after being held to a 1-1 draw by Napoli in the San Siro on Sunday. A victory would have seen Milan go top for the first time this season but it was Napoli who went ahead after 13 minutes through Hugo Canpagnaro before Filippo Inzaghi headed the equalizer 13 minutes later. The draw sees Milan stay in second spot, one point behind champions Inter, who were held to a 1-1 draw at Palermo on Saturday. Third-placed Roma are three points adrift but meet Inter next Saturday in a decisive clash. Milan are bidding for their first Italian championship since 2004, but have lost David Beckham and Aleessandro Nesta to serious injuries in the past week. Milan coach Leonardo gambled on the fitness of Brazilian striker Pato, but he limped off shortly after Campagnaro had taken advantage of laughable home defending as Christian Abbiati and Massimo Oddo collided to leave him a simple chance. But Pato's fellow Brazilian Ronaldinho set up Inzaghi for a simple headed goal after a clever piece of play and fine cross. Napoli, who are still chasing a Champions League place, had chances to reclaim the lead and home keeper Abbiati had to show his mettle either side of the break. Milan also had opportunities in an entertaining game and Inzaghi and Mancini were denied by fine saves by Morgan De Sanctis. "It's never easy playing Napoli. We had a few chances after the goal but it wasn't to be," Ronaldinho told AFP. "There are ten games left to give it our all. We need to take the positives from the game and keep our feet on the ground. If we do, the scudetto is a real possibility. In other key results on Sunday, first-half strikes from Tommaso Rocchi and Sergio Floccari gave Lazio a 2-0 win at Cagliari, to boost their battle against relegation. Bari and Parma shared the spoils with a 1-1 draw to stay in mid-table with Chievo and Catania also ending 1-1. Sampdoria later completed a miserable week for Juventus with a 1-0 home win in the battle for the final Champions League spot. Juve, shocked by Fulham in the Europa League, were beaten by a superb long range strong from Antonio Cassano for Samp, who go fifth.
highlights: AC Milan held 1-1 at home by Europe-chasing Napoli to stay second in Serie A . Filippo Inzaghi equalizes for Milan after Hugo Canpagnaro put Napoli ahead in San Siro . Lazio win 2-0 at Cagliari to pull clear of relegation zone . Antonio Cassano's wonder goal sees Sampdoria beat Juventus 1-0w .
id: 163dbab6c1ef59b64764a13e462c78a9ef5c7070
chatgpt: AC Milan were held to a 1-1 draw by Napoli on Sunday, in a thrilling Serie A encounter at the San Siro. The Rossoneri had the opportunity to go top of the table with a win, but were left hanging in second place after the stalemate. The game started at a frenetic pace, as both sides looked to take the lead early. It was Napoli who struck first, with Hugo Campagnaro breaking the deadlock in the 27th minute. The Argentine defender rose highest to meet a corner kick and powered a header past Milan goalkeeper Christian Abbiati. Milan did not have to wait long to get back on level terms. Just six minutes later, Filippo Inzaghi met a cross from the left wing and headed home from close range to bring the home side back into the game. The second half saw both teams pushing for a winner, but neither could find a way past the opposing defence. Despite the disappointment of not picking up all three points, Milan would have been relieved to avoid a defeat that could have seen them drop down to third place. Meanwhile, Lazio earned a crucial 2-0 victory away at Cagliari, pulling themselves clear of the relegation zone. Goals from Mauro Zarate and Stefano Mauri secured the win for the Biancocelesti, who now sit in twelfth place in the league standings. In other Serie A action, Antonio Cassano's wonder goal helped Sampdoria to a surprise 1-0 victory over title contenders Juventus. The Italian forward scored the only goal of the game with a stunning volley from outside the box, sending the home fans into raptures. The win lifts Sampdoria up to ninth place, just three points behind Napoli in the race for European qualification. It was another thrilling weekend in the Italian top-flight, with plenty of drama and excitement for fans across the country. Milan will be hoping to bounce back in their next game against Genoa, while Napoli will host Chievo Verona. Lazio will face a tough test against fourth-placed Atalanta, and Sampdoria will travel to Bologna looking to build on their impressive win over Juventus.