article: By . Louise Boyle . PUBLISHED: . 17:25 EST, 18 September 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 22:06 EST, 18 September 2012 . Horrific death: Medical employee Pelagia Zingatan, 65, died after being hit by a New York taxi and dragged along the street . A woman has died after she was hit and then dragged along the street by a New York cab, according to police. Pelagia Zingatan, 65, who worked at a medical center on the Upper East Side of Manhattan was crossing the street with a friend when a taxi minivan plowed into her on Monday afternoon. Ms Zingatan was dragged along the street under the back tire, bystanders said, before the vehicle came to a halt. Her friend had managed to jump out the way of the vehicle. Those standing on the street, a group of around 15 people, lifted the vehicle off the woman and pulled her from under it. One . witness began giving her first aid as the driver of the cab looked on. He had no passengers in his minivan at the time and although no criminality was originally suspected, there were now suggestions that the driver may have been speeding. Ms Zingatan was taken to New York Cornell Hospital where she died, authorities said. The Philippines native, who lived in Queens, worked at . Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center and was crossing 69th Street at First . Avenue when the fatal accident happened around 1pm. Andreas Andreou, a local restaurant manager who was at the scene, told the New York Post: 'They pulled her out, and somebody started giving her compressions. Good Samaritans: Those who witnessed the accident at East 69th Street and 1st Avenue rushed to lift the vehicle off the woman's body . Bloody scene: A 65-year-old was dragged along a Manhattan street after being hit by a minicab on Tuesday lunchtime . 'She was under the wheel. They were lifting the back of the van.' A cousin of the deceased Feliz Araneta, 72, told DNAInfo that Ms Zingatan was a 'loving and kind person' and that her ashes would be returned to her native Philippines to the family's church. The 65-year-old is also believed to be survived by eight siblings in her home country. Halted: The taxi driver was said to be completely distraught following the collision but authorities said that no criminality was suspected . Death in Manhattan: Ms Zingatan was crossing the street with a friend who managed to jump out of the way . Off the road: The taxi minicab is towed away for inspection following the fatal collision on Monday .
highlights: Pelagia Zingatan, from Queens, later died in hospital after being hit by cab . A group of around 15 people lifted taxi off the woman .
id: 81fb8a50104aa72100003bbdfc553d3714dcb0c9
chatgpt: Tragedy struck on a busy street in Queens last night, when 28-year-old Pelagia Zingatan was struck by a yellow cab. The incident occurred at around 9 p.m. near the intersection of 42nd Street and 5th Avenue in the heart of the borough's business district. According to eyewitnesses, Zingatan was crossing the street when she was hit by the cab. The driver reportedly did not see her in time to avoid the collision. The impact threw her several feet, and she was left lying on the pavement, motionless and badly injured. But the people of Queens rallied around her, refusing to let her tragedy end in despair. A group of around 15 bystanders banded together to lift the cab off Zingatan, freeing her from its crushing weight. Emergency services arrived on the scene soon after, and she was taken to the nearest hospital for treatment. Sadly, Zingatan's injuries proved too severe, and she later passed away in hospital. The news has come as a shock to her family and friends, who are understandably devastated by the sudden loss of their loved one. The incident has sparked a debate about pedestrian safety in Queens, and what more can be done to ensure that accidents like this one are prevented in the future. Some have called for stricter enforcement of traffic laws, and for better safety measures to be put in place at busy intersections. Others, however, have pointed out that accidents like this one are often the result of human error, and that no amount of planning or regulation can completely eliminate the risk of tragedy on our streets. Regardless of the outcome of this debate, however, the people of Queens have demonstrated their resilience and their capacity for kindness in the face of adversity. Through their quick thinking and selflessness, they were able to give Zingatan a few more precious moments of life, and to ease her pain in her final moments. For that, they will always be remembered as heroes, and as shining examples of what it means to be a community in the face of tragedy. Our hearts go out to Zingatan's loved ones, and we hope that they can find some measure of comfort in the knowledge that they are not alone in their grief.