article: (CNN) -- Embattled Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe signed a power-sharing deal with the opposition party's breakaway faction, his party said Tuesday, though Mugabe's opponents denied the claim. Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe leaves a hotel where negotiations had been taking place Tuesday. Mugabe's party said the deal, which promises cabinet positions to the splinter group of the Movement for Democratic Change, does not involve MDC head Morgan Tsvangirai. Tsvangirai said he still is involved with the talks, and that the power-sharing deal with the MDC offshoot is part of larger deal that has not been signed by anyone. Welshman Ncube, spokesman for the MDC splinter group, also said his party has not signed a deal with Mugabe, though Mugabe's party said the deal was signed with the group's chief, Arthur Mutambara. South African President Thabo Mbeki, the mediator in the talks, would not confirm that a deal had been signed. Mbeki said Mugabe and the splinter group had formed an "agreement" and were awaiting Tsvangirai's position on certain points in the plan. Another high-ranking official with knowledge of the negotiations told CNN that the deal signed with Arthur Mutambara, head of the faction that broke from the MDC, has to do with the prime minister position that will be created in the new Zimbabwe government. The official said deciding the duties of the new prime minister has been a sticking point in the negotiations. The MDC has wanted the prime minister to be in charge of government and Mugabe to be in charge of the state, the official said. But Mugabe has sought to keep control of both and make the prime minister position "ceremonial," the official said. All the parties involved have been meeting in a hotel in Harare, Zimbabwe's capital city. Video footage Tuesday showed Tsvangirai leaving the negotiations stone-faced as he ignored reporters' questions. Mutambara told reporters he plans to have a news conference Wednesday, and Mugabe smiled widely and shook hands with onlookers as he left the hotel, but did not answer reporters' questions. Tsvangirai had been in power-sharing talks with Mugabe in recent days as a culmination of his party's protest of Mugabe's disputed re-election in a June presidential runoff. The election was condemned internationally as a sham. Tsvangirai withdrew from the June 27 runoff days before the vote, saying Mugabe's supporters had orchestrated a campaign of beatings, intimidation and murders against the MDC. Tsvangirai had garnered the most votes in a March general election, but not enough to avoid a runoff, according to the government's official count. CNN's Nkepile Mabuse contributed to this report.
highlights: Official: Zimbabwe's president makes power-share deal with splinter group . Opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai not part of deal, official says . Tsvangirai denies he's out of power-sharing discussions .
id: 489418105eac4dbf2142fec4977b43ae994195a5
chatgpt: Zimbabwean President Emmerson Mnangagwa has reportedly reached a power-sharing agreement with a splinter group from the country's main opposition party, Movement for Democratic Change (MDC). According to an official statement, Mnangagwa's ruling Zanu-PF party has reached a deal with the MDC splinter group led by Thokozani Khupe. The arrangement is aimed at ending political turmoil and boosting the country's economy. However, the current opposition leader, Morgan Tsvangirai, was not part of the negotiation and did not sign the agreement. An official from Tsvangirai's MDC party confirmed this, saying that Tsvangirai had been left out of the discussion. Tsvangirai, who is undergoing cancer treatment, denies that he is excluded from the power-sharing talks. In a statement released through his spokesperson, Tsvangirai insisted that he is still leading his party and is still open to engaging in dialogue. "Morgan Tsvangirai is not out of any dialogue or power-sharing discussions. He remains firmly in charge of the MDC," the statement read. The power-sharing deal comes after months of political uncertainty sparked by last year's controversial presidential election. Mnangagwa was declared the winner, but the opposition claimed that the election was rigged in his favour. The opposition also accused Mnangagwa of using excessive force to suppress dissent and intimidate opposition figures, including Tsvangirai. Mnangagwa has repeatedly denied the allegations and has promised to work towards national unity and reconciliation. The power-sharing agreement with the splinter group is seen as a step towards this goal, as it sends a message of inclusivity and willingness to work with other political parties. However, the exclusion of Tsvangirai from the negotiations has raised concerns that the deal may not be fully representative of the opposition's views and interests. Some political analysts also point out that the power-sharing arrangement may not be enough to address Zimbabwe's underlying problems, including corruption, economic instability, and human rights abuses. Nevertheless, Mnangagwa and his supporters are optimistic about the future of the country under the new deal. "We are excited about this new chapter in our country's history. We believe that by working together, we can build a prosperous and peaceful Zimbabwe for all our citizens," a spokesperson for Mnangagwa said in a statement. It remains to be seen how the power-sharing agreement will play out in practice, and whether it will lead to real political and economic reforms in Zimbabwe.