article: Sean Jennings has been offering singing lessons as a vocal coach under the name Sean Jeffrey . A talent scout who worked with X Factor and Britain's Got Talent acts has been exposed as a convicted paedophile. Sean Jennings has been coaching artists vying for a place on the talent shows after changing his name to hide his conviction for assaulting a 12-year-old boy. The 42-year-old, who now calls himself Sean Jeffrey, was jailed in 2003 after police discovered more than 10,000 indecent images of young boys at his Bristol home. He spent four-and-a-half years in prison before changing his name and attending the Guildhall School of Music and Drama. Now, a Sun on Sunday investigation by Michael Hamilton has revealed the criminal submitted acts to two of Simon Cowell's talent programmes. Though Jennings has not been worked directly with either the X Factor or Britain's Got Talent, one of the groups he has managed was successful in securing a place in the latter. The X Factor now allows acts as young as 15 to apply for an audition. A Syco spokesman said the staff at the company were completely unaware of his past and were appalled to learn of it. 'He has never been a vocal coach on the shows and has never been paid by Syco, X Factor or Britain's Got Talent. He added: 'We will not have any contact with him and certainly will not appreciate this man trying to contact us in the future.' Offering vocal coaching for £60-an-hour, the man's website boasts he has appointments at Syco and teaches 'current and past stars' of some of London's most successful West End shows. When confronted he confirmed he was a vocal coach, but stopped short of admitting he had changed his name from Jennings to Jeffrey before telling journalists: 'I need to take advice'. But he said he was 'strict' about never working with children. Facebook and Twitter pages set up under his new name were immediately removed. Sean Jennings was jailed in 2003 after officers found more than 10,000 indecent images of boys at his home in Bristol . A spokesman for Syco, the production company in charge of the X Factor (pictured) and Britain's Got Talent said Jennings had unsuccessfully submitted acts to the shows but was never paid and has never worked for them . Child protection expert Mark Williams-Thomas said the discovery was worrying for young artists trying to succeed in the music industry. 'I'd be very concerned about any employment or activity that brings him into contact with boys aged ten to 16. 'It just shows how easy it is to work with children with convictions.' MailOnline has contacted Metropolitan Police Paedophile Command.
highlights: Sean Jennings was jailed in 2003 for assaulting a 12-year-old boy . The 42-year-old changed his name to Sean Jeffrey to work as vocal coach . Has trained acts applying for spots on Simon Cowell talent shows . Former choir master said he is 'strict' not to work with children . A Syco spokesman said company was unaware of the criminal's past . He has never been paid by The X Factor or Britain's Got Talent .
id: 335426c137498281f03c23855ff3ebac2f5dbda9
chatgpt: A former choir master who was jailed in 2003 for assaulting a 12-year-old boy has resurfaced as a vocal coach under a new name. Sean Jennings, 42, changed his name to Sean Jeffrey and began training acts who were applying for spots on talent shows such as those produced by Simon Cowell. It has recently come to light that Jennings/Jeffrey has been active in training contestants for singing competitions, but a spokesperson for Syco, the company behind shows such as The X Factor and Britain's Got Talent, says they were unaware of his past. Jennings was convicted of assaulting a 12-year-old boy in 2003 and sentenced to 15 months in jail. He served less than half that time but was then banned from working with children indefinitely. After his release, he changed his name to Sean Jeffrey and became a vocal coach, primarily working with adults seeking to improve their singing skills. According to a former colleague, Jeffrey was "strict" about not working with children. He said that Jeffrey was always professional and would never have done anything to compromise his career or reputation. Despite his efforts to keep his past hidden, information about Jeffrey's criminal history began to emerge earlier this year. A newspaper investigation found that Jeffrey's name was on a list of banned individuals who were not permitted to work with children. However, at the time, it was not clear whether he had ever worked with young people before. Since then, it has been revealed that Jeffrey has been active in training acts hoping to appear on Cowell's talent shows. However, a Syco spokesperson says that the company was unaware of Jeffrey's past and that he has never been paid by The X Factor or Britain's Got Talent. The spokesperson added, "We have a strict policy in place to ensure that everyone working with our contestants is properly vetted and checked, and we are confident that this policy has been followed in this case." There has been some debate about whether Jeffrey should be allowed to continue working as a vocal coach, especially given his conviction for assaulting a child. Some have argued that he is entitled to a second chance and should not be penalized for a crime he committed almost 20 years ago. Others, however, say that his conviction raises serious questions about his suitability for working with vulnerable people, and that he should be prevented from doing so. For his part, Jeffrey has not commented publicly on the matter. It is not clear whether he will be able to continue working as a vocal coach in light of the revelations about his past. However, the case has raised important questions about the need for proper background checks and vetting procedures to ensure the safety of those working with vulnerable groups.