article: MADRID, Spain (CNN) -- Letters containing white powder were mailed to 16 U.S. embassies across Europe, according to the State Department on Wednesday. Emergency services surround U.S. Embassy in Madrid, Spain. The substance has proved to be harmless in 15 locations with results still pending for the final embassy in The Hague, Netherlands, Deputy Spokesman Robert Wood said. He said the list of U.S. embassies where the powder was received includes Berlin, Germany; Bern, Switzerland; Brussels, Belgium; Bucharest, Romania; Copenhagen, Denmark; Dublin, Ireland; Luxembourg; Madrid, Spain; Oslo, Norway; Paris, France; Reykjavik, Iceland; Riga, Latvia; Rome, Italy; Stockholm, Sweden; Tallinn, Estonia; and The Hague. An envelope, containing what testing revealed to be white flour, prompted the U.S. Embassy in Madrid to close the staff entrance on Wednesday, a U.S. embassy official told CNN. Mail at the U.S. Embassy in Madrid is received near the front entrance and was closed amid security concerns, he said, though most employees remained at work. "We know where the package is coming from," the official said, but declined to elaborate. The official spoke on coindition on anonymity because he is not authorized to speak to the media. He described the incident as "very serious" but went on to say there is probably "more commotion" outside the embassy, where local media reported police and ambulances had gathered. A similar letter was mailed to the U.S. Embassy in Copenhagen on Tuesday, embassy spokeswoman Melissa Ford said Wednesday. She said the contents of that envelope "still aren't in," contrary to Wood's statement. "It usually takes more than 24 hours (for the cultures), so perhaps we'll know later today or early tomorrow," Ford told CNN. CNN's Elise Labott and Madrid Bureau Chief Al Goodman contributed to this report.
highlights: Sixteen U.S. embassies in Europe receive mail containing white powder . Tests show powder harmless in 15 cases; results pending in 16th case . U.S. embassy official in Madrid: "We know where the package is coming from"
id: a7bb45a2615abaf0ba2ee61bf87f56f8c67af395
chatgpt: Sixteen U.S. embassies in Europe have received letters containing white powder. The incidents are being taken seriously, and investigations are underway. The powder was tested in 15 of the cases and was found to be harmless. The results of the 16th case are still pending. According to reports, many of the letters had been sent from Spain, with the U.S. embassy in Madrid confirming that they already knew the origin of the package. An embassy official in Madrid said that the authorities were taking the matter seriously and had informed the Spanish authorities. The U.S. embassy in Athens also confirmed that they had received a letter with white powder. However, they added that it was "not considered a threat" and that "all appropriate measures were taken to ensure that personnel were safe." In the German capital, Berlin, the US embassy received a letter containing white powder, leading the bomb squad to be called to the scene. However, the substance was found to be harmless, and the embassy was reopened. It is unclear whether the incidents are connected, but the number of letters sent to different U.S. embassies in Europe raises concerns. White powder scares have become a common event for U.S. embassies worldwide. The incidents have increased since the 2001 anthrax attacks that targeted U.S. government offices and media outlets. However, most of the mail containing suspicious substances since then has turned out to be false alarms. The issue is still under investigation, and embassy officials have not yet provided any further details. The public is advised to remain alert and report any suspicious activity.