article: He's photographed everyone from Jerry Hall and Kate Moss to Mick Jagger and Damon Albarn but David Bailey says the secret of his success isn't being a dab hand with a camera - it's because he 'falls in love' with each and every one of his subjects. 'I'm a whore, I fall in love with them while they're with me,' Bailey told the Telegraph. 'Whether they're a man - I try to keep away from dogs - or a woman. 'You just have to fall in love with people so they're at the centre of your universe for that two or three hours or all day you're with them. Glamorous: A glossy portrait of model Jerry Hall  and late photographer Helmut Newton in Cannes in 1973 . Stunning: Blur singer Damon Albarn, photographed in 2007, and Kate Moss pictured earlier this year . 'Of course sex inspires me,' he added. 'Of course it does.' And Bailey's romantic urges haven't always remained behind the camera, with the photographer's fourth wife Catherine making regular appearances in her husband's work - and in the forthcoming exhibition. Bailey, whose former wives include French actress Catherine Deneuve and model Marie Helvin, also enjoyed a relationship with supermodel Jean Shrimpton - an affair immortalised in BBC4 film We'll Take Manhattan, featuring Dr Who star Karen Gillan as Shrimpton and White Queen actor Aneurin Barnard as Bailey. Bailey made the comments as it was announced that 250 of his portraits will go on display at the National Portrait Gallery from next February. Return of the King: A darkly sexy shot of Bailey's wife Catherine (left) and a female Elvis (right) Iconic: Bailey's 1964 portrait of Mick Jagger is one of the best known images of the Rolling Stones frontman . Main man: Bailey (left) was played by Aneurin Barnard (right) in 2012 BBC film We'll Take Manhattan . The exhibition, entitled Bailey's Stardust, will include plenty of famous faces - among them Jack Nicholson and Damon Albarn - and will feature an entire room filled with portraits of his wife Catherine. Other highlights include a 1989 portrait of his wife Catherine, a playful shot of Jerry Hall and the late Helmut Newton in Cannes in 1978, and a 1957 self-portrait taken during the 75-year-old photographer's time doing National Service in Singapore. Sandy Nairne, director of the National Portrait Gallery, London, commented: ‘Bailey’s Stardust is a very special event. 'It offers an exceptional opportunity to enjoy the widest range of the mercurial portraits created by David Bailey, one of the world’s greatest image-makers.’ The exhibition will run from February until June next year and will be accompanied by a . Bailey-designed glossy book of the same name. BAILEY’S STARDUST, sponsored by HUGO BOSS, National Portrait Gallery, London from 6 February until 1 June 2014 .
highlights: The 75-year-old has new show opening in February 2014 . Bailey's Stardust will include 250 of his most famous portraits . Famous models include Jerry Hall, Kate Moss and Mick Jagger .
id: e3638f4971d155d093d726abb886ffaf5efb644d
chatgpt: Legendary photographer David Bailey is preparing for the opening of his latest exhibition, Bailey's Stardust, in February 2014. The highly-anticipated show is set to feature 250 of Bailey's most iconic portraits of famous faces from the worlds of fashion, music, and film, including the likes of Jerry Hall, Kate Moss, and Mick Jagger. Bailey, now 75 years old, has been snapping pictures of the rich and famous for over five decades. He first gained fame in the 1960s as part of a group of photographers who revolutionized the fashion industry. His work helped define the swinging sixties and the fashion world of that era. Bailey's Stardust is set to focus on some of the most recognizable faces in the world. Among them are several of his most famous photographs of supermodel Kate Moss. Bailey has been photographing Moss since the early 1990s, and his images of her have become some of the most iconic in fashion photography history. While Bailey's Stardust will undoubtedly be a showcase of some of his most famous works, the exhibition will also feature portraits that have never been seen before. Bailey has been sorting through his archives, digging out some of his best work that has never been exhibited. Bailey's Stardust is set to be one of the biggest exhibitions of the year, attracting photography lovers from all over the world. The show will be held at the National Portrait Gallery in London, a fitting location for an exhibition that showcases some of the most famous faces in history. In addition to his work in fashion photography, Bailey has also spent years working on portraits of celebrities, politicians, and other notables from around the world. His work has been featured in countless magazines, newspapers, and books, making him one of the most respected and renowned photographers of our time. As Bailey himself has said, photography is all about capturing the moment. And throughout his career, he has succeeded in doing precisely that. Bailey's Stardust promises to be a true celebration of his life's work, a testament to his incredible talents as a photographer, and a fitting tribute to the many famous faces he has captured on film throughout his illustrious career. If you're a fan of photography, fashion, or simply the famous faces that have shaped our world, this is one exhibition you won't want to miss.