article: Scientists have made an exciting breakthrough in the treatment of bowel cancer - using existing drugs. Dr Toby Phesse, of the Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research in Melbourne, said early data showed medication currently used to treat psoriasis, arthritis and myelofibrosis could help in the fight against the country's second deadliest form of cancer. 'About 17,000 people are diagnosed with bowel cancer every year and about 4,000 people die, so we are really crying out for new ways to tackle this disease,' Dr Phesse told Daily Mail Australia. Scroll down for video . Dr Michael Buchert ( left), Dr Toby Phesse (centre) and Associate Professor Matthias Ernst (right) from the Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research in Melbourne have discovered an existing drug that could stop tumour growth in bowel cancer . He said the lab's focus was directed at identifying which signalling pathways were used by tumours to grow and trying to target those pathways to prevent tumour growth. 'We have known for many years that Wnt signaling is mutated in around 80 per cent of colon tumours. 'However, this pathway is also very important for the health of the normal cells in the intestine, and therefore targeting the Wnt pathway directly poses considerable challenges as you risk effecting the normal cells of the intestine and therefore inducing severe side effects. 'We had to come up with a new method and target a parallel pathway.' This is what brought scientists to the existing medicines, JAK inhibitors. 17,000 people are diagnosed with bowel cancer every year and about 4,000 people die . The scientists' breakthrough came when they found that 80 per cent of colon tumours responded to treatment with a JAK inhibitor. The treatment has caused excitement because the drug only targeted cancer cells, leaving normal cells unharmed, leaving no side effects. 'In the pre-clinic models we looked at the normal cells of the intestine and we found that all the cells could grow and function normally. 'None of the mice used in the models lost any weight, suggesting they were healthy and could tolerate the drug very well.' The scientists found that JAKs not only stop cell growth but also prevent the development of new tumours. Dr Phesse said this is an exciting breakthrough that has great potential to help thousands of people who have colon cancer or face risk of developing tumours. 'The main point is that the inhibitors already exist and have been approved,' he said. 'This means it is going to speed up the clinical trials process'. Dr Michael Buchert, another scientist from the Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research said since the medicines are already being used for other cures scientists know it is safe for humans. 'We hope that this will enable our research to rapidly reach clinical trials for bowel cancer patients and deliver benefits in the near future.' The scientists found that JAKs not only stops cell growth but also prevents the development of new tumours .
highlights: Australian scientists have found  existing medicines can stop tumour development and growth . 'JAK inhibitors' responded to 80% of colon tumours . The medicines are already used to treat psoriasis, arthritis, minor fibrosis . Scientists hope this will speed up the process of a new drug for bowel cancer .
id: b5736334bbda3b47f2ef653c46bbf3128b24e9fa
chatgpt: Australian scientists have announced an exciting new development in the fight against cancer, revealing that existing drugs may be effective in stopping tumour development and growth. The scientists, from the Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research in Melbourne, have found that drugs known as 'JAK inhibitors' can respond to 80% of colon tumours. While the drugs are already used to treat conditions such as psoriasis, arthritis, and minor fibrosis, the Melbourne-based scientists hope that their discovery will speed up the process of finding a new drug for bowel cancer, which claims the lives of thousands of Australians each year. The team's research involved studying the DNA of colon tumours in mice, with the aim of identifying any genetic characteristics that were unique to the cancerous cells. The hope was that these unique characteristics could be targeted using existing drugs. The study found that the JAK inhibitors had a significant impact on the growth and development of tumours, even at low doses. Professor Matthias Ernst, who led the research team, said that the findings were a major breakthrough in cancer research. "We've long known that JAK inhibitors are effective in treating inflammatory conditions such as arthritis, but this study demonstrates their potential in treating cancer. If we can find more existing drugs that have this effect, it could revolutionize the way we approach cancer treatment," he said. While the Melbourne-based research is still in its early stages, the discovery is already generating excitement in the wider medical community. Dr. Philippa Das from the Royal Melbourne Hospital told reporters that the research was a "game-changer" and could have a significant impact on the way that cancer is treated in the future. "It's really exciting to see that existing drugs can have such a positive impact on tumour growth. This could greatly speed up the process of finding new drugs for cancer, which is fantastic news for patients," she said. Bowel cancer is a significant health problem in Australia, with over 16,000 new cases diagnosed each year. The disease is the second leading cause of cancer deaths in the country, behind lung cancer. While there are existing treatments for bowel cancer, the disease can be difficult to detect and often goes undiagnosed until it is at an advanced stage. The Melbourne-based research is part of a wider effort by scientists around the world to find new and effective treatments for cancer. Last year, researchers at the University of California reported that they had developed a drug that could stop cancer cells from spreading, while a team of scientists at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology recently developed a new device that can detect cancer cells in blood samples. As the global medical community continues to make progress in the fight against cancer, the Melbourne-based discovery is a welcome addition to the arsenal of weapons in the battle against this devastating disease. With further research and testing, JAK inhibitors could provide a new and effective way to treat cancer, giving hope to millions of people around the world who are affected by the disease.