article: By . Associated Press . and Reuters . PUBLISHED: . 18:57 EST, 2 March 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 11:29 EST, 3 March 2014 . Police arrested hundreds of people who strapped themselves to the White House fence on Sunday to protest the proposed Keystone XL oil pipeline. The protesters were mostly college students who participated in a peaceful march that began at Georgetown University and ended outside the White House. They chanted 'climate justice now' and carried signs with slogans such as 'don't tarnish the earth' in an effort to persuade President Barack Obama to reject the pipeline. Scroll down for video . Demonstration: A group of mostly college students participated in a peaceful march against the proposed Keystone pipeline, starting at Georgetown University and ending at the White House . Chained: 372 of the protesters were arrested when they strapped themselves to the White House fence . Others wore white jumpsuits splatterd with blood while laying down on Pennsylvania Avenue in a simulated oil spill. Protesters were passionate but quite orderly. Police were waiting for them with buses and vans to speed the process. Protesters cheered as U.S. Park Police warned them that blocking the sidewalk or strapping themselves to the fence would lead to their arrest. In all, 372 were arrested, police said. Organizers estimate that about 1,000 people participated in the protest overall. The protesters were speaking out against the $5.4billion pipeline being proposed by Canadian energy firm TransCanada Corp. If built, the pipeline will transport crude oil from Alberta to refineries on the U.S. Gulf Coast. It's currently under review by the State Department and other agencies, but President Obama has a final say on whether it gets approved. Their cause: Some of the protesters held up signs like 'don't tarnish the earth' while others changed 'climate justice now' Climate change: The protesters believe the proposed pipeline will worsen global warming . Those against he pipeline fear it will cause oil spills and hasten climate change - which has led to much protesting outside the White House. 'If the Democratic Party wants to keep our vote, they better make sure President Obama rejects that pipeline,' said Nick Stracco, a 23-year-old student at Tulane University in New Orleans. Supporters for the pipeline however, believe it will be good for the U.S. economy by creating thousands of temporary construction jobs and improving energy security. 'Today's protest represents a fringe minority of people against any use of fossil fuels,' said Matt Dempsey of Oil Sands Fact Check. 'This extreme position is well outside the American mainstream. Even President Obama says we need an "all of the above" approach to energy. As a result, today's protest does little but expose the extreme nature of these last remaining Keystone XL opponents.'
highlights: An estimated 1,000 protesters participated in Sunday's demonstration which started at Georgetown University and ended at Pennsylvania Avenue . They were protesting against the proposed $5.4billion Keystone pipeline which would bring crude oil from Alberta to refineries on the gulf coast . Those against the project fear it will cause spills along the pipeline . But supports argue it will help the economy by creating thousands of temporary jobs and improve U.S. energy security .
id: 22f98527704f375dbce202fa9cb6371fe0010d63
chatgpt: Georgetown University in Washington, D.C. saw a large gathering of people on Sunday afternoon, as an estimated one thousand protesters marched to Pennsylvania Avenue to oppose the proposed Keystone pipeline. The $5.4 billion pipeline would transport crude oil from Alberta to refineries along the Gulf Coast. Supporters argue that it would create temporary jobs and enhance the country's energy security. However, those against the project fear that the pipeline could result in spills along the route, causing irreparable damage to the environment. Activists from various environmental groups, including 350.org, marched under the banner of "Kill the Keystone XL" chant, demanding an end to this proposal. The rally attracted a diverse coalition of people that included indigenous people, ranchers, environmentalists and others, who united in a common cause to save the environment. The rally was peaceful and passionate, with protesters holding up banners expressing their frustrations with the proposal. One of the banners read, "Save Our Land, Water and Climate." Another read, "Climate Action Now." The demonstration was held in the heart of Washington, with protesters walking past the White House and other government buildings, making their voices heard. The proposed Keystone pipeline has been a contentious issue for years, with the Obama administration rejecting it back in 2015. President Donald Trump, however, revived the project earlier this year. The protesters urged President Trump to reconsider the decision, stating that the pipeline would only harm the environment in the long run. They pointed out that the pipeline runs through important farming and ranching areas, and would also cross rivers, including the famous Missouri River, thereby exposing these pristine waterways to potential spills. Many protesters, including those from Native American tribes, also criticized the pipeline for supporting the destructive practices of the tar sands industry in Alberta, which they argue have been responsible for significant pollution and environmental damage. The rally ended at Pennsylvania Avenue, where protesters called on lawmakers to listen to their voices and put a stop to this proposal. Environmental activists have long criticized the US government's lack of commitment to renewable energy, and many believe that this march is an important step towards creating a sustainable, greener future. Overall, the protest was a public expression of concern and a call to action, as people united in their opposition to the proposed Keystone pipeline that they believe could have disastrous consequences for the environment.