article: By . John Edwards . PUBLISHED: . 17:12 EST, 10 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 13:30 EST, 11 December 2013 . Manchester United were rescued by Phil Jones against Shakhtar Donetsk on Wednesday night but were not spared a tongue lashing by former hero Roy Keane after yet another lacklustre display at Old Trafford. On a night where bitter rivals Manchester City came from behind to stun European champions Bayern Munich in Germany, United had to rely on a 67th minute strike to finally break the deadlock against Shakhtar. VIDEO Scroll down to watch David Moyes pleased with Man United despite poor first half . Not happy: Roy Keane never fails to show his feelings on television and is a natural in front of the camera . Through on goal: Ashley Young looks to loft the ball into the net on what was a poor night for the winger . And laying into the likes of Rio Ferdinand and Ashley Young for letting down under pressure manager David Moyes, Keane did not pull any punches. Giving his half-time verdict on ITV, Keane said: 'There has been no reaction from the United players from the disappointment of last week. They don't look like a team, just a collection of individuals running around. 'You can defend players for making mistakes but you cannot defend players for not tackling and not getting close to people. So close: Young looks to the ground after putting his shot over the bar . Under pressure: Manchester United manager David Moyes shouts instructions at his team . 'They (United) had a couple of good chances through Ashley Young towards the end of the first half. He should certainly hit the target. I think it sums up his time at Man United, just not good enough. 'David Moyes took the heat off the players before the game by saying it is his responsibility but we are talking about experienced players. 'Rio Ferdinand's decision making, the chances he has taken, it is ridiculous. It is like his debut tonight. 'As we said before the game, there are big question marks over the manager and the players. That for Manchester United is certainly not good enough.' Hard night: Keane said Rio Ferdinand looked as though he was playing his debut .
highlights: Former captain says United 'don't look like a team' at the moment . Keane targets winger Ashley Young as 'just not good enough' for the club . He says Ferdinand's performance was so 'ridiculous' it was like a debut . He also says there is 'no defence' for players not bothering to tackle .
id: 6bbd287c16d296a777044f687e90e4793b834a23
chatgpt: Manchester United's former captain, Roy Keane, has criticized the team's performance, stating that they currently do not look like a team. In an interview with Sky Sports, Keane targeted winger Ashley Young, claiming that he is "just not good enough" for the club. Keane went on to criticize former teammate Rio Ferdinand, saying that his performance was "ridiculous" and felt like he was making his debut. He expressed concern about United's overall defence, stating that there is "no defence" for players not bothering to tackle. These comments from Keane come after United suffered a 2-0 defeat to Arsenal, extending their winless run to three matches. The Red Devils have only won two of their last seven games in all competitions, putting pressure on manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. Keane, who played for United between 1993 and 2005, is known for being an outspoken and passionate pundit. He has frequently criticized the current United team, describing them as lacking in leadership and character. In his latest comments, Keane reiterated his belief that United need to make significant changes, both on and off the pitch. He called for the team to take more responsibility and show a greater sense of urgency in their performances. Despite their recent struggles, United remain in the mix for a top-four finish in the Premier League. However, they face a tough run of fixtures in the coming weeks, including games against Liverpool and Manchester City. Solskjaer will be hoping that his players can rise to the occasion and turn their fortunes around. They will need to show the kind of spirit and determination that Keane became famous for during his time at Old Trafford if they are to get back to winning ways. In the meantime, Keane's comments are sure to spark debate among United fans and pundits alike. While some may see them as harsh and unfair, others will appreciate his honest and direct approach. One thing is for certain - the pressure is mounting on Solskjaer and his players to deliver results, and time is running out for them to do so.