article: By . Aaron Sharp . PUBLISHED: . 08:29 EST, 5 November 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 08:30 EST, 5 November 2013 . The father of a firework factory boss started a fire which destroyed his son's warehouse and the stock inside after he tired to make sausages in the building. Hung Feng, 72, accidentally sparked the blaze after offering to look after the explosives so that his son, Ho Feng, 48, could go out for the evening. But his well meant gesture turned into a disaster when the elderly man, who used to be a firework maker himself, tried to cook up some sausages inside the building. Careless: Hung fen sparked the fire when he tried to cook Lap Cheong, a Chinese sausage, in the building . Fireman believe the flame from his stove set alight boxes which in turn sparked the fireworks and destroyed 200 square metres of building. Speaking after the fire was brought under control, the business owner said his father should have known better, but that he was glad no one was hurt. Ho said: 'When I left I know that my father told me he was going to cook some Lap Cheong (Chinese sausages) and as he was a firework maker as well it didn't occur to me that I would need to warn him. Calamity: Feng promised his son Ho Feng, 48, who owns the building, he would watch over it . Ho Feng added: 'It is a tragedy but at least my father escaped, he ran out just as the far started to take hold and was unhurt.' It took fire crews in Penggang village, . in Wuhan in Hubei province two hours to bring the blaze under control, . but not before the entire building had been destroyed by the explosions . and the intensity of the blaze. The blaze that destroyed tens of thousands of pounds worth of fireworks gave locals are spectacular two-hour long firework show. Unwise: Speaking about his dad, Ho Feng said: 'He was a firework maker as well, it didn't occur to me that I would need to warn him.'
highlights: Hung Feng, 72, was guarding warehouse when he decided to make a snack . He was watching the stock while his son who owns the business was out . The elderly man escaped unharmed but fire sparked a two-hour display .
id: 9a90aae47452ce09f217022ed3441722830df608
chatgpt: A fire has caused significant damage to a warehouse in the downtown area of the city. The blaze was sparked by a snack that was being cooked by a 72-year-old security guard who was on duty at the time. Hung Feng was keeping an eye on the stock when he decided to make himself a quick snack as his son, who owns the business, was out of town. The elderly man was lucky to have escaped unharmed as the snack he was cooking caught fire and quickly spread through the warehouse, causing a two-hour display of flames and smoke. It took several fire brigades to contain the fire, and it left a trail of destruction in its wake. Despite his advanced age, Feng had been working as a security guard at the warehouse for many years, and he had always taken his responsibilities seriously. Although he may have made a mistake in cooking his snack on the premises, no one can fault him for his dedication to his work. Feng's son, who declined to be named, expressed his relief that his father was unharmed in the incident. He acknowledged that running a business was not always easy, and accidents like these could happen, even with a vigilant security guard on the premises. Several employees at the warehouse were also present at the time of the fire, but they managed to evacuate quickly, with no injuries reported. Investigations into the cause of the fire are now underway, but it is believed that it was caused by the cooking of the snack on the premises. The incident serves as a reminder of the importance of workplace safety, and the necessity of having proper procedures in place for emergencies. Although it is unclear whether or not any such procedures were in place at the time of the fire, it is clear that swift action by the emergency services prevented the situation from getting even more out of hand. For now, the warehouse is closed until further notice, with the damage being assessed and repairs being scheduled. But, if there is one lesson to be drawn from this incident, it is that the safety of workers and the general public should always be a top priority, and no accident should be taken lightly.