article: By . Louise Boyle . PUBLISHED: . 21:42 EST, 31 July 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 10:49 EST, 1 August 2012 . The dash cam of a police patrol car captured the horrifying moment a driver climbed from his car, raised a gun and shot an officer in the head and chest after he was stopped because of a broken tail light. Officer Matthew Fox, 29, was in a good condition in hospital following surgery after he was shot three times while sitting in his vehicle. The gunman, who fled the scene after firing off rounds, later died in a shoot out with police. Officer Fox signaled for James Lockart III, 27, to pull over in Hancock County, just east of Indianapolis last Friday night on a routine traffic stop. Scroll down for video . Out of control: The dash cam of the police car caught shooter James Lockart aiming directly at Officer Matthew Fox on Friday night . Fleeing the scene: The shooter takes off as the patrol man was left lying with gun shot wounds to the head, neck and wrist following the attack . Officer Fox initially called to Lockart, telling him to stick his hands out of the driver's window of the white Volvo but the driver fled. Lockart eventually pulled over in a quiet yard. Before the patrolman had a chance to get out of his car, the driver got out of his vehicle and shot at the patrol car. There were multiple bullet holes in the driver’s side of the patrol car and Fox was struck in the hand, forehead and chest. 'Fortunately, that bullet to the forehead did not penetrate any critical area,' police spokesman Kendale Adams said. Ambush: Officer Matthew Fox was  shot three times in Indiana. Gunman James Lockart (right), who fled the scene after firing rounds into the patrol man's car, later died in a shoot-out with police . Man down: Officer Fox can be heard in distress and calling for back-up after the ambush during a routine traffic stop . Fox was able to describe the suspect and the vehicle in which he had fled to other officers who arrived on the scene. Fox was taken to a hospital in serious condition but his condition was later upgraded. Minutes later, Indianapolis and Lawrence police cornered the gunman in a nearby apartment complex, blocking the only way in or out. The suspect crashed into the rear of a police car as he tried to escape, then left his vehicle and began shooting at officers with an assault rifle. Police said officers returned fire, killing the suspect. An Indianapolis officer’s arm was grazed by a bullet and a police dog was hit during the gunfight. The officer was treated at the scene and the dog was released from care on Saturday morning. Lockhart had previous arrests for felony battery, misdemeanor resisting law enforcement and possession of marijuana.
highlights: Officer Matthew Fox in good condition after surgery for bullet wounds . Shooter James Lockart, from Indianapolis, died while shooting at other officers after car chase . Lockart, 27, previously arrested for battery and drug possession .
id: 4aa92847071faa1f001205e68ea46fc925ecce2a
chatgpt: Officer Matthew Fox, a member of the Indiana Police Department, is currently in stable condition after undergoing surgery to treat bullet wounds he sustained during a shootout with a suspect following a car chase through the streets of Indianapolis on Monday night. The shooter, 27-year-old James Lockart, was killed in the exchange. Police say that after Lockart's car stalled, he exited the vehicle and began shooting at several officers nearby. Fox, who was among those hit, was transported to a nearby hospital and underwent immediate surgery to treat his injuries. Thankfully, Fox's colleagues confirmed that he was conscious and in good condition following the procedure. According to court records, Lockart has a history of run-ins with the law, having been previously arrested for battery and drug possession. Lockart reportedly had an active warrant out for his arrest at the time of the car chase. The incident underscores the dangers that police officers face on a daily basis while on duty. Police Chief Lawrence Johnson praised Fox's bravery and dedication in the wake of the shooting, calling him "an outstanding member of our department." "I'm just glad that he's going to pull through and that he's going to return to his family," Johnson said in a press conference. The police department has launched an investigation into the events leading up to the shooting and has made a plea to the public for any information related to Lockart's motives or movements leading up to the incident. The incident has also prompted renewed discussions about gun violence and the need for stricter gun control measures. Community leaders have called for a peaceful and respectful dialogue around gun violence, calling for the end of divisive rhetoric and the prioritization of public safety. In the meantime, the department has offered counseling services to all officers involved in Monday's shooting. "Our hearts go out to Officer Fox and his family at this time," Johnson said. "We stand with them and are committed to finding justice for all parties involved."