article: Burnley boss Sean Dyche will not risk the club's future by embarking on a lavish spending spree in January despite their lowly position. The Clarets are bottom of the Premier League with four points from 10 games and still without a win this season, with their last match a 3-0 defeat at Arsenal. Dyche said splashing out £30million on new signings in the transfer window would 'probably ruin the club' because of the pressure that would put on the wage bill, and insists he is unconcerned by the spectre of unwanted records, not least the 11 points Derby only managed to secure in the entire 2007-8 season. Sean Dyche said Burley will not break the bank in January despite their lowly position in the Premier League . Dyche said Arsene Wenger had a wry smile on his face when he learned Burnley's wage bill . The Burnley manager said: 'I spent half-an-hour with Arsene Wenger and Steve Bould after the match last week and he had a wry smile when I told him our wage bill compared to his own. 'If we had £30million to spend it would probably ruin the club because you have to find the wages to support that level of signings. In my view I am not only a manager but I am also a custodian of a club that has been here since 1882. 'Players at the top end of the Championship are now earning unbelievable money and as soon as you go into the Premier League clubs are asking astronomical fees - you are not talking about adding a million or two but an extra £10million.' Alexis Sanchez scored twice when Burnley were beaten 3-0 by Arsenal on Saturday . Burnley's most recent accounts showed their 2012-13 wage bill was £15.4million, by far the lowest in the top flight. Arsenal's most recent accounts show their wage bill is more than 10 times that figure, £166.4million while top payers Manchester City's was £233.1million. Burnley's next attempt to find that elusive win comes on Saturday when Hull visit Turf Moor and Dyche said Tigers boss Steve Bruce had told him it is becoming ever more difficult for Championship clubs to bridge the gap in the top flight. The three promoted clubs are currently propping up the bottom of the table. Sanchez celebrates his second and Arsenal's third goal in the 90th minute as Gunners ran out easy winners . Dyche added: 'Many managers I've spoken to including Steve Bruce believe it's getting harder for teams promoted from the Championship. They tell me the gap is getting wider and look at what even teams like Hull have spent recently.' Burnley do at least have one positive piece of injury news with Steven Reid is expected to be fit for Saturday.
highlights: Burnley are currently bottom of the Premier League with just four points . Dyche said spending £30million in January would probably ruin the club . Adding the club could not afford the wages to accompany new signings . Burnley's wage bill is the lowest in the Premier League at £15.4m . Arsene Wenger gave a wry smile after learning size of Burnley's budget .
id: 1d897bbc97f4d1181a72903a259a5e1fdd3fc2e4
chatgpt: Burnley currently find themselves rooted to the bottom of the Premier League table, having picked up just four points from their opening nine games. The Clarets' dreadful start to the season has led to calls for manager Sean Dyche to be sacked and for the club to invest heavily in the January transfer window. However, Dyche has hit back at those who have criticised his team's performances and claimed that spending £30million in the winter market would probably ruin the club. Speaking to reporters ahead of Burnley's clash with Chelsea, Dyche said: "We have to be careful with what we do. We have a budget, which is not huge, and we have to be mindful of the wages that come with certain signings." It is well-known that Burnley have one of the lowest wage bills in the Premier League, with their total salary outlay for the 2021/22 season thought to be just £15.4m. This is in stark contrast to some of their top-flight rivals, who have significantly larger budgets and more financial muscle to flex in the transfer market. Indeed, the size of Burnley's budget was even enough to raise the eyebrows of former Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger. Speaking on beIN Sports, Wenger gave a wry smile when he was informed of the Clarets' salary cap, before commenting: "That's a challenge, but they know that. They are well-organised and they know they have to be efficient with the money they have." Dyche echoed Wenger's sentiments, insisting that his team will always try to do the best they can with the resources they have available. "We are not a spending club, we are a working club," he said. "We have to do it the right way and that means being careful with the money we have." That being said, Dyche has not ruled out the possibility of making additions to his squad in January. He knows that Burnley are in desperate need of an injection of quality and experience, particularly in defence where they have conceded a league-high 21 goals so far this campaign. "We will look at it, but it is about finding the right balance," Dyche said. "We cannot just sign anyone, we have to bring in players who can improve us and who fit in with the ethos of the club." Whether or not Burnley make any signings in January remains to be seen, but one thing is certain – they will not be splashing the cash like some of their bigger-spending rivals. Instead, they will continue to do things their way, working hard and being efficient with the resources they have available. And who knows, with a bit of luck and a few shrewd additions, they may yet be able to turn their season around and secure their Premier League status for another year.