article: By . Alexandra Klausner . PUBLISHED: . 12:33 EST, 29 November 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 12:34 EST, 29 November 2013 . Lines form around the block in New York on Black Friday, the . notorious holiday shopping day marked by major sales. Not only can New Yorker’s . save money, now they can roll around in it too. Stefan Bondell’s . show, ‘The Black Box’ opened today at The Hole Gallery and allows visitors to . stomp their feet on $1 million dollars of shredded cash. The show also exhibits . four black ten-by-ten foot paintings meant to mimic the black box of an airplane. ‘Like the black box of an airplane or the expression as . applied to covert ops, insider trading or government surveillance, the painter . thought of this installation as his own black box, where his concerns and . opinions are thrashed out in each of the paintings,’ said The Hole Gallery’s . website of Bondell’s first exhibition in the space. Stefan Bondell employs currency and poetry in several of his art exhibitions . The shredded US cash which fills the floor of the exhibition . space is meant to ‘put the financial side of the art market like so much waste . underfoot, instead of infecting the paintings themselves,’ said The Hole. The barely . recognizable shredded currency is also said to be linked to how money ties . together the cultural signifier in each work. Bondell told Page Six that in addition to the symbolic . meaning of the shredded cash, ‘I wanted people to be able to kick and stomp . around in a million dollars on Black Friday.’ Money, money, money must be funny: when you're Stefan Bondell . Stefan Bondell's first exhibition at The Hole gallery opens today in New York . Bondell is a poet as well as a visual artist and will be . hosting a poetry reading on December 12th in which he will read his poem ‘Black . Box.’ Jonas Mekas, Bob Holman, Lizzi Bougastos, Suheir Hammad, and many other . poets will also be sharing their works. This is not the first time Bondell has used US currency in . his artwork. In his 2010 exhibition called, ‘Currentcy,’ at New York Marble . Cemetery, he pasted money onto canvas and splattered in in black paint and real . blood. He also held a poetry reading called ‘Oil Kills Poets Spill’ along with . his exhibition shortly after the BP spill in the Gulf of Mexico. ‘The Black Box’ opens just before Miami’s Art Basel, an art . festival known for attracting posh visitors with cash to spend. Page Six . reports that ‘The Black Box’ opens after Qatari Royal Shekha Mayassa  bint Hamad al-Thani spent $142 million ob ‘Three . Studies of Lucian Freud,’ by Frances Bacon. This is the highest paid price for . art an auction ever. The Hole Website also talks about how Bondell’s exhibition . is a breath of fresh air in a world where, ‘skyrocketing auction prices distract . the compassionate art viewer from looking at and engaging with art.’ Black Friday is known for having amazing holiday sales and long, long lines .
highlights: ‘I wanted people to be able to kick and stomp . around in a million dollars on Black Friday,’said artist Steve Bondell to Page Six . The space also exhibits four black paintings meant to represent secrets like 'The Black Box' of an airplane . In a past exhibitions, Bondell smeared real blood over US currency .
id: ba8fe689b4d8b8962f327c859801e871da0bf626
chatgpt: Renowned artist Steve Bondell has caused a stir with his latest exhibition that took place during the Black Friday weekend. The exhibition, held at a spacious venue in downtown New York, allowed visitors the opportunity to kick and stomp around in a million dollars. Speaking to Page Six, Bondell said, “I wanted people to be able to kick and stomp around in a million dollars on Black Friday. It can be a cathartic experience.” In addition to the unique money exhibit, Bondell’s exhibition also featured four black paintings that are meant to represent secrets, akin to ‘The Black Box’ of an airplane. The paintings are heavily symbolic and depict different elements of secrets including trust, secrets, love, and truth. This is not the first time Bondell has created controversial and thought-provoking exhibits. In a past exhibition, the artist smeared real blood over US currency, raising eyebrows and sparking conversations worldwide. Speaking about his decision to use real blood in his artwork, Bondell stated that he wanted to explore conversations surrounding mortality and the value we place on money. Many visitors to the exhibition were intrigued by Bondell’s art, with some suggesting that the kick and stomp exhibit helped ease their frustrations from the Black Friday shopping frenzy. Despite the unusual nature of the exhibit, it received a lot of media attention and creative appreciation from art enthusiasts who lauded Bondell for his bold and intuitive works. Bondell’s exhibit comes at a time when there is increasing scrutiny over the role of money in society. Questions about wealth inequality, especially in light of the ongoing global pandemic, continue to be at the forefront of many discussions. In this regard, Bondell’s exhibition is timely as it invites visitors to consider their relationship with money and the true value that it holds. As with all Bondell’s works of art, the exhibit invites visitors to think deeply and critically about the symbolism and meaning behind his work. His bold and often controversial exhibits are aimed at encouraging conversation and reflection, and this exhibit is no different. Speaking to the significance of his works, Bondell stated, “As an artist, I want to be able to spark conversations, make people think, challenge their perceptions, and hopefully, leave them with something to ponder long after they leave the exhibit.” Bondell’s latest exhibition is set to inspire more conversations and debates about the intersection of art and money, secrets, and mortality. While some might find his use of real currency and blood unsettling, others will find it compelling and thought-provoking. Overall, Bondell’s exhibition was a bold and ingenious masterpiece that left an indelible impression on visitors who experienced it. The artist’s ability to create innovative exhibits that push boundaries is a testament to his unique vision and creative prowess. His latest exhibition is yet another feather in his cap and will undoubtedly go down as one of the most memorable exhibits of the year.