article: Seoul, South Korea (CNN) -- A fugitive South Korean soldier suspected of killing five members of his unit has been captured after he shot himself, bringing an end to a tense standoff. The enlisted soldier suffered heavy bleeding after shooting himself in his side below his left shoulder, the Defense Ministry said. He underwent surgery for his injuries, which are not life-threatening, according to authorities. The military had surrounded the soldier, identified as Sgt. Lim, in northeastern Gangwon province, and exchanged gunfire with him on Sunday. Lim, who was three months from the end of his compulsory military service, is accused of shooting and throwing a grenade at his fellow soldiers on Saturday at a base in a remote area near the heavily fortified border with North Korea. He had been categorized as a soldier in need of special attention, according to the Defense Ministry. In March 2013, he was classed in category A, for soldiers showing signs of possibly committing suicide or causing accidents. But he was later changed to category B, for soldiers who with the help of others can carry out normal military life. Pleas for surrender . Authorities said he used a K2, a semiautomatic rifle that is a standard South Korean army weapon. It is similar to the U.S. military's standard weapon, the M16. The military had been in contact with Lim, repeatedly asking him to surrender, said Defense Ministry spokesman Kim Min-seok. On Monday morning, he spoke to his father on a phone provided to him by a military officer. His father and older brother later arrived at the scene of the standoff and continued efforts to persuade him to hand himself in, Kim said. But Lim didn't comply and shot himself with his rifle. He now faces investigation by military authorities. Lim left a note before his apparent suicide attempt, apologizing to the victims and their families, Kim said. There have been previous cases of South Korean military service members going on shooting rampages, in 2005 and 2011. The base where he was serving is in an isolated area and carries out around-the-clock surveillance for any movements by North Korea, said Park Soo-geun, a former South Korean military intelligence official. CNN's K.J. Kwon reported from Seoul, and Jethro Mullen wrote from Hong Kong. CNN's Will Ripley contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: The soldier's life is not in danger after he underwent surgery, officials say . NEW: He left a note apologizing to the victims and their families, the Defense Ministry says . Sgt. Lim is accused of killing five fellow soldiers at a base near the North Korean border . He was carrying out military service and has been deemed in need of special attention .
id: ec377b554755d47d679f62357059abe1ad2026c6
chatgpt: A soldier has been accused of killing five of his fellow soldiers at a military base near the North Korean border in South Korea. The soldier, Sgt. Lim, has been deemed in need of special attention and is currently under investigation for the alleged killings. Despite the severity of the situation, new reports indicate that Sgt. Lim's life is not in danger after undergoing surgery. This comes as a relief for those who were concerned about his health in the wake of the alleged killings. Alongside his surgery, Sgt. Lim also left a note apologizing to the victims and their families, according to the Defense Ministry of South Korea. The contents of the note have not been made public, but it seems to be a sign of remorse on the part of the accused soldier. The motive behind the killings is still being investigated, but early reports suggest that Sgt. Lim was suffering from some form of mental illness. South Korea has a mandatory two-year military service requirement for all able-bodied men, which can be a difficult and stressful experience for some. Sgt. Lim's case sheds light on the need for increased mental health support for military personnel, both during and after their service. The Korean military has made efforts to address these issues in recent years, but more needs to be done to ensure that soldiers who are struggling mentally are able to get the help they need. The accused soldier's case is also a reminder of the toll that military service can take on individuals, especially in situations where they are stationed in potentially dangerous areas. While confirmed details about the events leading up to Sgt. Lim's alleged killings are still scarce, it is clear that something went very wrong. As the investigation into Sgt. Lim's actions continues, the families of the victims will undoubtedly be looking for answers and accountability. The Korean military has vowed to take appropriate action, and the public will be watching closely to see what comes of this tragic situation. Overall, this incident serves as a sobering reminder of the challenges that military service can present, and the need for all involved to prioritize mental health and well-being.