article: (CNN) -- While a growing chorus in Washington, including President Barack Obama, House Speaker John Boehner, multiple Cabinet secretaries, and some political pundits, criticize deep, automatic spending cuts set to take effect on March 1, the White House and Congress have yet to come up with an alternative to avoid them. CNN Explains: Sequestration . Special coverage on CNNMoney.com: America's Debt Challenge . TIME.com: A guide to sequestration . With the imposition of at least some of them appearing more and more likely, here's a look, by the numbers, at Washington's self-imposed budget austerity (aka "sequestration" or the "sequester"): . The real impact of automatic cuts and why they may happen after all . 2 - Provisions in the Budget Act of 2011 that can result in automatic spending cuts: Appropriating funds over newly established spending caps for years 2012-2021, where the extra amount is automatically cut, and failure of Congress to enact specific deficit-reduction legislation, which has happened. $1.2 trillion - Total amount of the potential sequestration cuts, over 10 years. This is based on the amount not cut from the deficit by the congressional "super committee" created by the Budget Control Act of 2011. CNNMoney.com: The 2011 debt ceiling deal . $85 billion - Amount of deficit reduction necessary for fiscal year 2013 in order to postpone the automatic spending cuts from taking effect March 1. Senate Democrats offer plan to avert mandatory cuts . Boehner says sequester bad policy but punts to Senate Democrats . Approximately $16.5 trillion - The United States national debt. CNNMoney.com: What you need to know about the debt ceiling . 9.4% - Reduction in non-exempt defense discretionary funding if sequestration takes effect. By the numbers: Recent defense spending . 8.2% - Reduction in non-exempt nondefense discretionary funding if sequestration takes effect. 2% - Cuts to Medicare if sequestration takes effect. 7.6% - Cuts to other non-exempt nondefense mandatory programs if sequestration takes effect. 10% - Cuts to non-exempt defense mandatory programs if sequestration takes effect. 10 - Number of days after the end of a session of Congress during which the Congressional Budget Office must submit a sequestration report on the current fiscal year. About $130 million - Amount of lost funding if sequestration takes effect from the Department of the Interior to Native American tribes. About 1,200 - Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) workplace inspections that would be cut. Up to $902 million - Reductions in loan guarantees to small businesses if sequestration takes effect. CNNMoney.com: White House details pending budget cuts . Up to 766,000 - Number of health care-related jobs that could be lost or eliminated due to 2% cuts in Medicare spending under sequestration, according to a recent report from the American Hospital Association, the American Medical Association, and the American Nurses Association. Kerry: Cuts would hit foreign aid, diplomatic security . Panetta: World is watching U.S. on budget . CNNMoney.com: Spending cuts to hurt homeland security .
highlights: Approximately $16.5 trillion - The United States national debt . $1.2 trillion - Total amount of the potential cuts, over 10 years . $85 billion - Deficit reduction needed to postpone cuts through September 2013 . 2% - Cuts to Medicare if "sequestration" takes effect .
id: c15dd70e7ec80aca662217a221dbd080ed68b7ed
chatgpt: The United States national debt has been a topic of concern for years. Currently, the debt stands at approximately $16.5 trillion, a staggering number that continues to increase every year. In an effort to reduce the debt, Congress passed the Budget Control Act of 2011, which called for $1.2 trillion in potential cuts over 10 years. However, these cuts have not yet been fully implemented, and the issue of deficit reduction has once again come to the forefront. In order to postpone the cuts, a deficit reduction plan of $85 billion is needed by the end of September 2013. One area that may be affected by these potential cuts is Medicare. If "sequestration" takes effect, Medicare could see a 2% reduction in funding. This reduction would impact millions of Americans who rely on the program for their healthcare needs. The issue of deficit reduction has been a contentious one, with Democrats and Republicans alike feeling strongly about the best course of action. Democrats have called for a balance of cuts and revenue increases, while Republicans advocate for significant cuts to government spending. Despite these differences, both parties have expressed concern over the impact that cuts to programs such as Medicare would have on the American people. Many are calling for a long-term solution to the nation's debt, one that takes into account both the need for deficit reduction and the need to protect vital programs such as healthcare. As the deadline to postpone cuts approaches, lawmakers continue to work towards a solution. It remains to be seen whether a compromise can be reached, or whether the nation will face the consequences of sequestration. One thing is certain, however – the issue of the national debt is not going away anytime soon. It will take significant effort and sacrifice from all Americans to address this issue and secure a stable financial future for the nation.