article: A Texas motorist has been charged after he spat on a mother's car and shouted 'Black Power' in a bizarre act of road rage. Rashaad Ben, 23, was seen getting out of his car in Austin, Texas, earlier this month and approaching Julie Nowlin, who was driving with her four-year-old daughter in the back seat. He then spat on the front window, shouted profanities and then stuck is middle fingers up at the terrified pair. Scroll down for video . Confrontation: Rashaad Ben, 23, was seen getting out of his car in Austin, Texas, earlier this month and approaching Julie Nowlin. He then spat on the window, stuck up his middle fingers and shouted 'Black Power' The 39-year-old mother recorded the confrontation on her cell phone and the video has since gone viral. She claims that Ben pulled over and got out three times on the same stretch of road. He was angry because she was trying to take a picture of his licence plate. Ben has a lengthy rap sheet with more than 20 arrests, including criminal convictions for drunk driving, marijuana possession, theft, resisting arrest, and driving with a suspended license. If convicted of the reckless driving charge, Ben faces a maximum of 30 days in jail. Altercation: After the bizarre incident he got back in his car. Other motorists claimed to have been involved in similar confrontations with Ben and police revealed he spat at another woman last month . Ben has since apologized, telling KVUE: 'I came here to apologize to my family and Mrs. Nowlin and to the community for acting the way I did and for my obscene language and obscene behavior.' The station reported that since the video spread, other motorists have come forward suggesting they have had similar encounters with Ben. Last month police reported that he spat in the face of another woman, Charlotte Cross, during an argument inside a store. She told KVUE: 'When I saw him apologizing and acting like you know that this was his first time and that it's not in his character, yes it is. 'He needs to be behind bars because it's going to turn into something worse and someone is going to end up getting hurt.' Horrified: Nowlin (right) had her four-year-old daughter (left) in the backseat of her car at the time. She started filming Ben after trying to take pictures of his licence plate . Serial criminal: Ben has a lengthy rap sheet with more than 20 arrests, including criminal convictions for drunk driving, marijuana possession, theft, resisting arrest, and driving with a suspended license .
highlights: Rashaad Ben, 29, was arrested after the road rage incident in Austin . Footage taken by driver Julie Nowlin, 39, earlier this month went viral . The serial road-rager is seen pulling over and getting out of his car . Then spits on the car, sticks up his middle fingers and shouts profanities . Last month Ben spat in the face of another woman during an argument inside a store .
id: aebb886eefac61358820bc6b3480078aeab04b6d
chatgpt: A man in Austin, Texas has been arrested after a disturbing road rage incident earlier this month. Rashaad Ben, 29, was caught on camera by driver Julie Nowlin, 39, as he pulled over, got out of his car and proceeded to spit on the driver's vehicle. The footage taken by Nowlin quickly went viral, leading police to track down and arrest Ben. This is not the first time Ben has been caught engaging in road rage behaviors. Last month, he spit in the face of a woman during an argument inside a store. This pattern of aggressive and violent behavior on the road has caused concern and alarm in the community. In the video captured by Nowlin, Ben can be seen using profanity, sticking up his middle fingers, and making offensive gestures towards the other driver. This type of behavior on the road is not only concerning, but also dangerous. Incidents like this have been known to escalate quickly, leading to serious injury or even death. Police say that Ben has been charged with criminal mischief, a Class B misdemeanor, for spitting on the other driver's car. It is unclear at this time if he will face additional charges for his past behavior. Nowlin, the driver who captured the footage, says she hopes Ben's arrest will send a message to others who engage in similar behaviors on the road. "No one should have to feel threatened or unsafe while driving," she said in a statement. "It's important that we hold people accountable for their actions and make it clear that this type of behavior will not be tolerated." Unfortunately, road rage incidents like these are not uncommon. According to a study by the AAA Foundation for Traffic Safety, nearly 80 percent of drivers say they have engaged in some form of aggressive driving behavior within the past year. This behavior can include things like shouting, tailgating, and even physical violence. Experts say that the best way to prevent road rage incidents is to remain calm and avoid engaging with other drivers who are acting aggressively. It's also important to report any incidents to the police, as this can help prevent further incidents from occurring and hold those responsible accountable for their actions. As for Ben, he is currently being held in custody and is expected to appear in court in the coming days. It is unclear at this time what his punishment will be, but many in the community are hopeful that the justice system will take his past behavior into account and hold him accountable for his actions.