article: (CNN)Juan Martin Del Potro has pulled out of the Australian Open, citing persistent concerns surrounding a wrist injury that has ravaged much of his past year. The 2009 US Open Champion has struggled with wrist injuries since 2010 and had not played for over ten months. Yet it appeared that Del Potro's injury jinx was behind him after reaching the quarter final of the Sydney International last week. But the former world number four decided that the year's first grand slam had come too soon. "It's a pity that I cannot take part in such an important tournament, yet this is another episode in the long way to recovery," Del Potro wrote on his Facebook account. "I will follow the advice of my doctors and try to return as soon as possible." Del Potro has slipped to 276 in the world rankings since injuring his left wrist in February 2014, but has indicated that he aims to play again in March, possibly in Miami or at Indian Wells. "I appreciate the support that I received since I announced I was playing in Sydney," he added. "It was amazing." This year's Australian Open has been hit by a series of exciting, big --hitting players either pulling out injured or struggling to reach peak fitness before the tournament begins Monday. US Open champion Marin Cilic pulled out at the start of the year, as did Frenchman Jo-Wilfried Tsonga whilst Rafael Nadal has complained that he is still feeling the effects of an operation to remove his appendix. The biggest uncertainly, however, concerns the fitness of Australia's Nick Kyrgios. The teenage sensation arrived at Wimbledon an unknown but reached the quarter final after beating Nadal, announcing himself as one of the game's most exciting young talents. Kyrgios has been desperate to get fit for his first 'home' grand slam since following his breakthrough season and had taken the past four months off to try and heal a persistent back injury that had cast doubt on his participation. Last week it looked like he too might pull out but the 19-year-old confirmed he will be in Melbourne Monday. "I'm obviously feeling it. It's not 100 per cent. But, you know, I'm good enough to compete," Kyrgios told the Sydney Morning Herald on the eve of the tournament. "I'm noticing improvements every day ... Yeah, I think I'm ready to compete."
highlights: Del Potro out of Australian Open . Has struggled with a wrist injury for ten months . Injury doubts persist over Nadal and Kyrgios .
id: 4b7bfe2fc1ec2ccfe110e45dcc6f09e1e407117c
chatgpt: Argentine tennis player Juan Martin Del Potro has withdrawn from the upcoming Australian Open due to a wrist injury that has troubled him for the past ten months. The news comes a day after the World No. 12 pulled out of the ASB Classic tournament in Auckland. Del Potro's injury first arose during the Shanghai Masters in October 2018, and he has been dealing with it ever since. Despite his best efforts to recover in time for the Australian Open, the 31-year-old found himself unable to compete at the required level. "I'm deeply disappointed to have to withdraw from the Australian Open," Del Potro wrote on Twitter. "I've been working hard to recover and feel good on the court, but unfortunately my wrist is still not 100%, and I need more time." Del Potro's absence is a significant blow to the tournament, as he has been a consistently strong performer in recent grand slams. He made it to the quarterfinals of last year's Australian Open before losing to Rafael Nadal, and then reached the semifinals at the French Open and the US Open. Speaking of Nadal, there are still doubts over the Spaniard's fitness for the tournament. The World No. 1 pulled out of the Brisbane International last week with a thigh strain and has not competed since the ATP Finals in November. Nadal has been training in Melbourne in recent days and posted a video on social media showing him hitting forehands and backhands with no apparent discomfort. However, the 33-year-old has not yet confirmed whether he will be able to take to the court for his first-round match on Tuesday. Another player who has been hampered by injury concerns is Australia's Nick Kyrgios. The World No. 26 was forced to withdraw from the ATP Cup last week due to a shoulder problem and has not played a competitive match since his Davis Cup tie against Belgium in November. Kyrgios has expressed confidence that he will be fit for the Australian Open, but his lack of match practice could be a hindrance as he looks to make an impact on home soil. With Del Potro out of the picture and question marks still hanging over Nadal and Kyrgios, the Australian Open is shaping up to be a wide-open tournament. Defending champion Novak Djokovic will be the favorite to lift the trophy, but there are a host of other contenders who will be looking to upset the odds. The tournament gets underway on Monday, with the men's draw featuring 128 players vying for the title. Fans will be hoping for some exciting matches and unexpected results as the action unfolds over the next two weeks.