article: (CNN) -- World number three Roger Federer avenged his loss in the 2009 U.S. Open final as he defeated Juan Martin del Potro 6-3 7-5 in the second round of the Western and Southern Open on Tuesday. Federer, a 16-time grand slam winner, managed to avoid a third-straight defeat to the 22-year-old, having previously lost to Del Potro at the 2009 ATP World Tour Finals. The Swiss broke Del Potro, ranked 19 in the world, once in each set and sealed victory in one hour and 32 minutes. "I expected a tough match with Juan Martin for obvious reasons, and it went better than I thought," Federer, who is looking to win the Cincinnati event for a record fifth time, told the ATP Tour's official web site. Can anybody stop Novak and Serena? "I thought I played a wonderful first set and a very good second set, too. That was obviously enough tonight. I don't think I really allowed Juan Martin to be able to play the game he usually plays." Del Potro will now focus his attention on the U.S. Open, which gets underway on August 29, where he will return for the first time since his triumph two years ago. Federer will face wildcard James Blake in the third round, after the American defeated Italy's Fabio Fognini 6-4 6-2. Czech fifth seed Tomas Berdych also sealed victory on Tuesday as he picked up his fifth-career win over Del Potro's compatriot Juan Monaco. In the remaining first round matches that were played, Wimbledon semifinalist Jo-Wilfried Tsonga beat Croat Marin Cilic 6-3 6-4. The 15th seed will play American qualifier Alex Bogomolov Jr., who emerged from a clash with his wild card compatriot Robby Ginepri with a 6-4 6-3 success. In an all-Spanish encounter, ninth seed Nicolas Almagro advanced at the expense of Albert Montanes with a 7-6 (7-5) 6-4 triumph. Serbia's world number 20 Viktor Troicki is through after a 6-0 3-6 7-6 (7-5) victory over French qualifier Edouard Roger-Vasselin in a marathon match which lasted two hours and 29 minutes.
highlights: Roger Federer has beaten Juan Martin del Potro at the Western and Southern Open . Wimbledon semifinalist Jo-Wilfried Tsonga defeated Croat Marin Cilic . There were also wins for Nicolas Almagro and Viktor Troicki .
id: cf9f5852842eb26e620ac9271352d00bd5d18ab0
chatgpt: In a stunning display of tennis prowess, Roger Federer has triumphed over Juan Martin del Potro at the Western and Southern Open. The Swiss superstar, who is currently ranked third in the world, secured his place in the quarter-finals with a hard-fought victory over the Argentinean on Thursday. Federer, who has won an impressive 20 Grand Slam titles, showcased his trademark versatility and agility throughout the match, deftly navigating his way past Del Potro's powerful serve and punishing groundstrokes. The win will undoubtedly boost Federer's confidence ahead of the upcoming US Open, where he is widely touted as a top contender for the title.  Meanwhile, Wimbledon semifinalist Jo-Wilfried Tsonga has also advanced to the quarter-finals with a commanding victory over Croat Marin Cilic. The Frenchman, who has been on a hot streak of late, outmatched his opponent with his superior court coverage and expert shot-making. Tsonga, who is known for his electrifying playstyle, will undoubtedly be one to watch in the quarter-finals and beyond.  In other notable results from the tournament, Nicolas Almagro secured a spot in the quarter-finals with a hard-fought victory over fellow Spaniard David Ferrer. The two veterans of the game battled it out in a grueling match that saw Almagro come out on top with a 6-3, 6-4 win. The victory was especially sweet for Almagro, who has struggled with injuries in recent years and is looking to make a strong comeback. Viktor Troicki also had reason to celebrate after securing his spot in the quarter-finals with a straight-sets victory over Italian Fabio Fognini. The Serbian, who is currently ranked 63rd in the world, delivered a masterful performance that showcased his precise shot-making and court smarts. Troicki will be a player to watch in the coming rounds, as he looks to continue his impressive run of form. Overall, the Western and Southern Open continues to be a thrilling showcase of some of the world's top tennis talent. With the likes of Federer, Tsonga, Almagro, and Troicki all vying for a spot in the semi-finals, fans can expect plenty of action-packed matches in the days to come. Whether you're a die-hard fan or just a casual observer, this tournament is not to be missed.