article: (CNN) -- During Tuesday night's debate with Republican challenger Mitt Romney, President Barack Obama touted his administration's support for the federal Pell Grant program and other aid for college students. The claim: . "We've expanded Pell Grants for millions of people, including millions of young women, all across the country," Obama said. "We did it by taking $60 billion that was going to banks and lenders as middlemen for the student loan program, and we said, 'Let's just cut out the middleman. Let's give the money directly to students.' And as a consequence, we've seen millions of young people be able to afford college, and that's going to make sure that young women are going to be able to compete in that marketplace." That's a big claim in a time of tight budgets, so CNN decided to take a closer look. Fact Check: Romney, women and jobs . The facts: . In 2009 and 2010, the Obama administration pushed to eliminate the federal guaranteed student loan program, which subsidized student loans issued through private lenders. The administration argued that the money that went to banks through the program would be better spent on direct federal loans to students or to Pell Grants, which provide students up to $5,600. A Democratic-led Congress approved the plan in March 2010 as part of the same budget bill that cemented Obama's signature health care legislation. It faced heavy opposition from Republicans, who criticized it as a "government takeover" of the student loan industry. But Rep. George Miller, the California Democrat who led the House committee that oversaw education, argued it ended a "sweetheart deal" for banks. During the debate, the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office estimated that the legislation would save the government up to $62 billion through 2020. Fact Check: Candidates positions on contraception? Much of that money has gone to the Pell Grant program, which has grown from about $19 billion in 2009 to a requested $36 billion for 2013. About 10 million students are expected to receive Pell Grants next year, up from about 6 million in the 2008-09 academic year, according to the Department of Education. However, observers of the higher education sector note that the grants aren't keeping up with inflated tuition. The grants now cover less than a third of the average cost of attending a four-year public college, according to the Institute for College Access & Success, a nonprofit research group. Conclusion: . Obama's comments accurately summarize the recent history of the federal student aid programs under his administration, which have gone up -- just not as fast as college costs. Complete coverage of CNN's Fact Checks . CNN's Caleb Hellerman and Matt Smith contributed to this report.
highlights: Obama pushed to eliminate subsidized student loans . Much of the money went into Pell Grants . That program has grown from $19 billion to about $36 billion .
id: 69f2e49401c3d2b9beb69355d2c195436ad70194
chatgpt: Former President Barack Obama has been pushing for the elimination of subsidized student loans. According to reports, a large portion of the money that would have originally gone towards subsidized loans has instead been directed towards Pell Grants. Since the implementation of this shift, the Pell Grant program has grown substantially, from around $19 billion to approximately $36 billion today. The shift in funding towards Pell Grants is seen as a positive development by many in the higher education community, as the grants are awarded based on financial need and can provide a significant amount of funding to students who might not have otherwise been able to afford college. The program has been particularly helpful for low-income students, many of whom would have been burdened with high levels of debt if they had needed to rely solely on loans to pay for their education. However, some critics argue that the move away from subsidized loans could have negative consequences in the long term. The subsidized loan program, which provides low-interest loans to students while they are in school, has been a popular option for many students who need to fund their education. By eliminating this program, some worry that students will have to rely more heavily on private loans, which often have higher interest rates and fewer protections for borrowers. Despite these concerns, the Obama administration has remained committed to the shift towards Pell Grants. In fact, the administration has proposed additional increases to the program's funding, which would allow even more students to benefit from this form of financial aid. Many higher education advocates are applauding the move towards increased funding for Pell Grants. "We know that financial aid can be a make or break factor for students who are trying to pursue higher education," said one expert. "By putting more money into Pell Grants, we're making sure that these students have the support they need to succeed." Although the move away from subsidized loans has its critics, it is clear that the Obama administration is committed to finding ways to make higher education more affordable and accessible to all students. With the ongoing growth of the Pell Grant program, it appears that the administration's efforts are paying dividends, as more students are able to pursue their academic goals without being burdened with overwhelming debt.