article: By . Wills Robinson for MailOnline . Stephen McLaughlin, 34, of Londonderry, Northern Ireland, has been charged with conspiring to facilitate illegal entry into the UK . Two lorry drivers have been remanded in custody following the death of a suspected illegal immigrant found in a shipping container at Tilbury Docks. Stephen McLaughlin, 34, of Limavady, Londonderry, Northern Ireland, and Timothy Murphy, 33 of Elmgrove, Londonderry, were both charged with conspiring to facilitate illegal entry into the UK. The pair made a appearance at Chelmsford Magistrates' Court today, both speaking only to confirm their name, date of birth and personal details from the dock. The court heard that between August 1 and 17, the pair conspired to 'clandestinely convey 35 Afghan nationals by sea in to an English port, which facilitated the commission of a breach of immigration law'. Meet Singh Kapoor, 40, from Afghanistan, was found dead inside the container at the Essex port on August 16. Father-of-two Mr Kapoor was among a group of 35 immigrants, including 13 children, who were discovered on a freight ferry. They were rescued at about 6.30am last Saturday when staff heard screaming and banging coming from the 40ft container, labelled Hudig & Kersten, which had arrived on a P&O vessel from Zeebrugge, northern Belgium. The group is believed to have been part of a tiny Sikh minority in Afghanistan and fled after suffering persecution. After being freed, the survivors said that they feared they were 20 minutes from death and were drifting in and out of consciousness. They were treated in local hospitals following the incident and survived the ordeal. They are in the process of claiming asylum in the UK after travelling to Europe in a lorry before reportedly spending 18 hours in the cargo container en route to the UK. The ages of those in the container ranged from one to 72. Essex Police said a post-mortem examination on Mr Kapoor had failed to establish the cause of his death and inquiries are continuing. McLaughlin and Murphy will appear via video-link for a hearing at Basildon Crown Court at a date to be set during the week beginning November 17. The pair were arrested after a group of 35 suspected illegal immigrants were found in this shipping container at Tilbury Docks, Essex, which was unloaded off a freight ferry that had arrived from Zeebrugge, Belgium . The group, including 13 children, were discovered after dock workers heard 'screaming and banging' coming from inside the 40ft container, labelled Hudig & Kersten, last Saturday morning . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
highlights: Stephen McLaughlin, 34, and Timothy Murphy, 33, have been detained . Pair charged with conspiring to facilitate illegal entry into the UK . Lorry drivers were remanded in custody following court appearance . Meet Singh Kapoor was found dead in a shipping container on August 16 . The 40-year-old is said to have fled Afghanistan with 34 other stowaways .
id: 8b2df21246466290790ff00fce1c7205914de402
chatgpt: Two lorry drivers appeared in court on Monday, charged with conspiring to facilitate illegal entry into the UK following the death of 40-year-old Meet Singh Kapoor in August. Stephen McLaughlin, 34, and Timothy Murphy, 33, were remanded in custody after their court appearance in Chelmsford. The two men from Northern Ireland were charged in connection with the death of Kapoor, who was found dead inside a shipping container at Tilbury Docks in Essex on August 16. Kapoor, who had fled Afghanistan with 34 other stowaways, was discovered by dock workers after they heard banging and screaming coming from inside the container. Tragically, he could not be saved and was pronounced dead at the scene. Mr. McLaughlin and Mr. Murphy were arrested shortly after Kapoor's body was discovered and have been in police custody ever since. The pair have now been charged with conspiring to facilitate illegal entry into the UK, and will remain in custody until their next court appearance, which is scheduled for October 30. The case has highlighted the dangers of illegal immigration and the lengths that some are prepared to go to in order to reach the UK. Speaking after the court appearance, Detective Chief Inspector Martin Pasmore of Essex Police said: "This was a tragic incident which resulted in the loss of a man's life. Our investigation will continue as we work to establish the full circumstances of what happened." He added: "We will do all we can to identify those who are responsible for this crime, and to bring them to justice." The case has also shone a light on the issue of human trafficking and the dangers faced by those who are smuggled into the UK in shipping containers or other means. According to the United Nations, there are an estimated 21 million victims of human trafficking worldwide. Many of them are forced into prostitution or forced labour, while others are used for organ harvesting or other forms of exploitation. The death of Meet Singh Kapoor is a tragic reminder of the dangers faced by those who are willing to risk everything in order to reach a better life in the UK. It is also a stark warning to those who seek to profit from the misery of others that they will be held to account.