article: (CNN) -- An arrest in which several punches were thrown has triggered an accusation of brutality against Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, police from the mother of the 18-year-old honor student who was taken into custody. Police, in a criminal complaint on the incident, say "closed fist strikes" were used by the undercover police officers, but only to subdue the teenager as he tried to get away. His mother said she plans to file a civil rights claim against the officers. Terez Miles said her son, Jordan Miles, who is black, thought his life was in jeopardy when three white men jumped out of a car on the night of January 11 as he walked not far from his home. "My son tried to run thinking his life was in jeopardy," Terez Miles said. "He made three steps before he slipped and fell." After that, she said, the police used a stun gun and beat him, pulling out a chunk of his hair. The criminal complaint says the officers, considering Jordan Miles' appearance suspicious, got out of the car and identified themselves as police. He tried to flee, fell, and then struggled to escape. The officers "delivered 2-3 closed fist strikes to Miles' head/face with still no effect," and then a "knee strike to Miles' head causing him to momentarily stop resisting," so that he could be handcuffed, the document says. Miles' mother said the officers did not identify themselves as police to her son, a viola player and student at the city's Creative and Performing Arts High School. The complaint says the police officers believed Miles was engaged in criminal activity and possibly armed with a "large heavy object." The object turned out to be a bottle of Mountain Dew. Miles was charged with aggravated assault, loitering, resisting arrest and escape. A hearing in the case was scheduled for Thursday, but it was unclear whether the officers involved showed up, said Miles' attorney, Kerry Lewis. The judge postponed the case until February 18. Pittsburgh Mayor Luke Ravenstahl is "taking this very seriously," said his press secretary, Joanna Doven. "The case is being investigated, he's closely monitoring it. He's met with the chief." The three officers were taken off plainclothes duty and were back in uniform, she said. Terez Miles contends the officers used too much force. "My son is 150 pounds and 5-foot-6. There's no need for this degree of violence and brutality for someone of this stature," she said. Lewis said Jordan Miles has no criminal record.
highlights: Officers believed Jordan Miles, who ran from them, was engaged in criminal activity . Miles' mother says she plans to file civil rights claim; judge postpones case until next month . Jordan Miles was charged with aggravated assault, loitering, resisting arrest and escape .
id: 096b0034a1834df5374d60c5b7c18162c21218ff
chatgpt: Pittsburgh, PA – The trial of Jordan Miles, a young man who was arrested in 2010 and charged with multiple crimes, has been postponed until next month. Miles’ mother, Terez Miles, reportedly plans to file a civil rights claim related to the case. The incident in question occurred on January 12, 2010, when three plainclothes Pittsburgh police officers encountered Miles, then 18 years old, walking down the street in the Homewood neighborhood. The officers claimed that they believed Miles, who is black, was engaged in criminal activity, and that he ran when they approached him. Miles’ mother has maintained that her son, who was a student at the Pittsburgh Creative and Performing Arts School at the time of the incident, was simply walking to his grandmother’s house when he was confronted by the officers. She claims that the officers used excessive force during the arrest, leaving her son with severe injuries including a broken nose and nerve damage. After being apprehended, Miles was charged with aggravated assault, loitering, resisting arrest and escape. He was later cleared of all charges by a judge, who found his version of events to be more credible than that of the officers. Miles’ case has received national attention, with many activists and civil rights groups accusing the officers of racial profiling and brutality. The case has also led to calls for increased accountability and reform within the Pittsburgh Police Department. Miles and his mother have said that they plan to continue fighting for justice in the case, and Terez Miles has indicated that she plans to file a civil rights claim related to the incident. “I just want justice for my son,” she told reporters outside the courthouse following the postponement of the trial. “What happened to Jordan was unjust and we won’t stop fighting until we get some answers.” The case has been a difficult one for all involved, with tensions running high in the community and accusations of police misconduct flying. Despite the delays, both sides are eager to see the case resolved. “We believe that justice will ultimately prevail in this case,” said Miles’ lawyer, J. Kerrington Lewis. “We are committed to seeing it through to the end.”