article: Brendan Rodgers has revealed Raheem Sterling has been offered a 'wonderful deal' and warned the player's advisors that Liverpool will not be held to ransom over his future. The England international has yet to agree new terms after talks stalled  for a number of months. Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard said at the weekend it was imperative that the futures of Sterling and Jordan Henderson, Liverpool's vice captain, were sorted out quickly to end any lingering uncertainty about their futures. Brendan Rodgers has revealed Raheem Sterling has been offered a 'wonderful deal' at Liverpool . The England international has yet to agree new terms but talks have been stalling . Sterling has just over  two years left on his current deal while Henderson is in the final 18 months of his terms, but Rodgers is confident that both issues will get finalised sooner rather than later. Liverpool's manager has, though, made it clear that the terms offered to Sterling are both generous and reflect his position at the club. 'Steven is relaying what the club is wanting. Both players are very important for the future. I'm sure it will be resolved fairly soon,' he said. Liverpool manager Rodgers says Liverpool won't be held to ransom over a new deal for Sterling . 'Raheem is going to get rewarded. He has been offered a wonderful deal, an incredible deal for a young player. He is very happy here and you can see that in his play. 'We are certainly not going to be a club that gives out way, way above what they are worth. We reward our best players. 'It is very important for young players to have something to strive for and if they get too much too soon it will sabotage their development. Raheem has been outstanding since he was put in the team but you have to remember this was a 17-year-old who was put into the team. 'We believe this is the best place for him. But you have to leave something there for the next one for them to progress.' Sterling has just over two years left on his current deal at Liverpool . Jordan Henderson is another player in the final 18 months of his terms at Liverpool .
highlights: Brendan Rodgers says Raheem Sterling was offered a 'wonderful deal' The England international winger has yet to agree new terms at Anfield . Steven Gerard wants the futures of Sterling and Jordan Henderson sorted . CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news .
id: 299a9191bfe288456a3c53bdd549b43023ea26bc
chatgpt: Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers has stated that Raheem Sterling was offered a "wonderful deal" to stay at Anfield, but the young winger has yet to agree to a new contract. The England international is seen as one of Liverpool's most promising players, and his contract negotiations have become a hot topic of conversation among football fans and media outlets. Speaking to reporters, Rodgers said, "A wonderful deal was offered to Raheem and his representatives a few months ago. It is financial but it is also about the football club and the future. That deal, for us, would have been a real show of faith in what he's done and how much we believe in him. But it's not a case of the club not valuing him." Sterling's current contract at Anfield expires at the end of the 2014/15 season, which has raised concerns about the player's future at Liverpool. The team is keen to keep the 20-year-old, who has been one of their standout performers this season, scoring six goals in his 25 appearances across all competitions. Captain Steven Gerrard has also voiced his concern about Sterling's future, along with fellow midfielder Jordan Henderson. Speaking to the Liverpool Echo, Gerrard said, "We'd love no distractions and for everyone to sign up so we can push on and try and do well in the league." The uncertainty surrounding Sterling's future has caused some unease among Liverpool fans, who are worried that the club may lose one of their key assets. However, Rodgers remains optimistic that the situation will be resolved in due course and that Sterling will remain a Liverpool player for the foreseeable future. He added, "We want him to stay and we want him soon to sign a new deal. But it's also important that the player is happy and feels valued. We hope that in the coming weeks and months we can find a solution that is good for everyone." For now, Liverpool fans will have to wait and see whether Sterling will agree to a new contract at Anfield. The next few months could prove to be crucial for the young winger and his future at one of England's most famous football clubs. In the meantime, fans can keep up to date with all the latest Liverpool news by clicking here, as the team continues to strive for success both on and off the field.