article: Terminally-ill pensioner Tina Kinsey waited nine hours on a trolley in A&E before she was admitted to hospital, her daughter has claimed . A terminally-ill pensioner waited nine hours on a trolley in A&E before being admitted to hospital, it was claimed yesterday. And when she was given a bed, Tina Kinsey, 67 suffered unnecessarily in her final days because of failures in her care, her daughter said. Mrs Kinsey, who had cancer, was taken to Glan Clwyd Hospital, in Bodelwyddan, North Wales, following a fall. After her nine-hour wait in casualty, she was given a bed on a general ward. Mrs Kinsey, from nearby Rhyl, died three days later, on November 1 last year. Her daughter, Wendy, lodged a formal complaint over ‘a catalogue of errors’ in her care in her final few days. She said staff were slow to give her mother pain relief and left her choking on her own vomit, before she eventually slipped into a coma and died. Yesterday it emerged that health bosses have formally apologised for not providing the level of care Mrs Kinsey ‘had the right to expect’ before her death. Her case is the latest in a series of patient horror stories reported to the Daily Mail about services under the Labour-run NHS in Wales. Wendy, who does not want her surname used, said her mother had endured unnecessary suffering at the hospital in her final days. ‘The morphine patches on her back had expired and needed changing,’ said Wendy, who is also from Rhyl. ‘I continually tried asking staff to help her and give her the pain relief she needed. She was given just paracetamol. ‘Vomiting uncontrollably and screaming in pain, she didn’t receive any morphine to control her pain until midnight. It was obvious she was dying. Mrs Kinsey, who had cancer, was taken to Glan Clwyd Hospital (pictured), in Bodelwyddan, North Wales, following a fall, but had to wait nine hours for a bed . ‘Her mouth needed to be suctioned on a regular basis, as she was unable to control her gag reflex and was choking on her own vomit. It took a long time for staff to arrive when she needed help, or not at all. ‘The lack of communication about what was happening was appalling. She spent at least nine hours on a trolley in A&E.’ Angela Hopkins, director of nursing at Betsi Cadwaladr University Health Board, which runs the hospital, said: ‘I am very sorry that, at this extremely difficult time, Mrs Kinsey did not receive the level of care that she had the right to expect. ‘We have been investigating the concerns raised by the family. We will be contacting the family to share our findings and it would not be appropriate for us to discuss these matters in public, although I fully accept that there were aspects of Mrs Kinsey’s care, and communication with the family, that should have been much better.’
highlights: Tina Kinsey, 67, was taken to Glan Clwyd Hospital, north Wales, after a fall . Terminally-ill pensioner left 'screaming in pain on A&E trolley for nine hours' Mrs Kinsey, who had cancer, died three days later after 'catalogue of errors' Staff slow to give her pain relief and left her choking in vomit, daughter says . The hospital is investigating and has apologised to Mrs Kinsey's family . Case is the latest in a series of horror stories in Labour-run NHS in Wales .
id: ae1ab750e95ba1d583c1c17fc4bd45ff9e06c636
chatgpt: A terminally-ill pensioner has died following a nine-hour wait on an A&E trolley at Glan Clwyd Hospital in north Wales. Tina Kinsey, 67, was admitted to the hospital after suffering a fall which resulted in her being left screaming in pain for a prolonged period of time. Mrs Kinsey, who had cancer, died three days later after what her daughter described as a "catalogue of errors" by hospital staff. According to her daughter, staff were slow to provide pain relief, leaving her mother in agony for hours while also failing to address her discomfort with basic requirements such as an oxygen mask. The staff also left her choking in vomit, which led to questions being raised about the quality of care provided by the hospital. Mrs Kinsey's daughter voiced her disappointment with the hospital, stating that her mother was not given the dignity she deserved during her final days. The hospital has since issued an apology to Mrs Kinsey's family, with an investigation into the incident already underway. Furthermore, the case has helped to highlight a spate of horror stories in the Labour-run NHS in Wales, with many patients and their families raising concerns about the quality of care provided. The incident has raised questions about the ability of the NHS to cope with the demands of an ageing population, and the need for adequate funding to ensure that patients receive the care they need. With many hospitals struggling to keep pace with increased demand, the case of Mrs Kinsey serves as a tragic reminder of the importance of investing in the healthcare system. The NHS has been under considerable scrutiny in recent years, with reports of long waiting times, staff shortages, and inadequate resources leading to concerns about patient safety. With the government promising to invest billions in the healthcare system, there is a growing sense of urgency to address these issues and ensure that patients receive the care they need. In light of the incident involving Mrs Kinsey, it is clear that more needs to be done to provide patients with the dignity and respect they deserve during their final days. The hospital's apology is a step in the right direction, but it is imperative that measures are put in place to prevent similar incidents from occurring in the future. As the NHS faces increasing pressure, it is essential that patients are given the care and support they need to cope with their illnesses. The case of Tina Kinsey highlights the urgent need for investment in the healthcare system, and for greater accountability from those responsible for delivering care. Ultimately, patients like Mrs Kinsey should be able to trust that the NHS will provide them with the care they need during their time of need. With the government promising to deliver on this commitment, it is time to take action and ensure that these promises are fulfilled before any more lives are lost.