article: It's the little newsagency that just keeps on giving back. Over $2.2 million worth of prize money has been won from tickets purchased at the Evatt Newsagency in Canberra in just over six months. Most recently, the store sold Friday's $1 million dollar winning Lotto ticket to an anonymous victor. The Evatt Newsagency in Canberra has sold three division one winning Lotto tickets in just over six months . Clearly a case of 'third time lucky', it was the third division one winning ticket to be sold by the store since May. The newsagency has been swamped by customer hoping to get lucky since only the second win according to Sateesh, who owns and runs the store alongside his wife. 'I can see a lot of new faces in the shop who come to buy the tickets only here because it's now considered lucky,' he told Daily Mail Australia. The most recent win of $1 million on Friday was won by one of the store's customers who prefers to remain anonymous . 'New people are coming in every time and a lot of people are also winning small amounts too. 'It is its very exciting and the people who won are having their wishes come true.' The first lucky customer to win at the store was a man in his 60s whose entry into the Saturday Lotto won him over $687,000 back in May. The newsagency, located in Canberra, has been swamped by customer hoping to get lucky since only the second win according to Sateesh, who owns and runs the store alongside his wife . The Canberra man, who said he planned to spend some of the money on a holiday, first said: 'are you kidding me? Blimey, I've cracked the big one,' upon being informed of his win, the Canberra Times reports. Five weeks later, a local father won more than $708,000 from his first division purchase. Friday's winning numbers, which were also claimed by a Coogee man, were 15, 43, 21, 3, 32 and 17 with the supplementary numbers of 16 and 24.
highlights: Evatt Newsagency in Canberra has sold three division one winning Lotto tickets in just over six months . The most recent win of $1 million on Friday was won by one of the store's customers who prefers to remain anonymous . Previous two winners received over $687,000 back in May and then more than $708,000 five weeks later . The store's owner said that word had spread that his newsagency was lucky, bringing in new customers regularly .
id: e9751ceecf1af8b0d0dcc1a594de8921a729dc62
chatgpt: Evatt Newsagency in Canberra has been causing quite a stir in the Australian lottery scene. The reason? This small newsagency has sold not one, not two, but three division one winning Lotto tickets in just over six months. The latest lucky winner was announced on Friday, with the prize being a staggering $1 million. The fortunate lottery player, who wishes to remain anonymous, purchased their ticket from the Evatt Newsagency and now joins the ranks of the previous two winners who received over $687,000 and more than $708,000 respectively. It seems word has certainly spread far and wide that this newsagency is the place to buy your lottery tickets for a chance to strike it rich. Customers are travelling from all over just to grab their tickets from this lucky little store in the hope that the winning streak continues.  Terry Mclean, the owner of the Evatt Newsagency, said that the store has seen a surge in new customers since the first win in May. "People are coming from everywhere, even from interstate, to buy their tickets here. Everyone wants a piece of the action," he said. With three division one wins in just over six months, it's no wonder the store has garnered a reputation for being lucky. Customers are eagerly waiting in anticipation, hopeful that another winning ticket could be sold at the store any day now.  "It's been a wild ride for all of us," said Mclean. "To have three division one winners in such a short space of time is truly incredible. We're just so happy for our customers and all our winners." Whether or not lightning will strike a fourth time at the Evatt Newsagency remains to be seen, but one thing's for sure – the store's lottery sales are soaring, and it's all thanks to their lucky streak.