article: By . Tara Brady . PUBLISHED: . 04:17 EST, 30 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 04:19 EST, 30 October 2013 . The child was heard shouting insults at Christiane Taubira during a demonstration in Angers . The French government is calling for a schoolgirl to be prosecuted after she waved a banana at France's black Justice Minister. The child was heard shouting insults at Christiane Taubira during a demonstration in Angers, western France against the government's decision to support same-sex marriages. The 12-year-old was then seen waving a banana at the minister and shouting: 'Who's the banana for? It's for the monkey', according to witness Jean-Yves Lignel, a reporter with LeCourrier de l'Ouest. Leaders of the ruling Socialist Party now want to press charges against the girl of incitement to racial hatred. Journalist Mr Lignel wrote on his blog: 'Nine of the adults around her did anything to stop her. Some even sniggered.' According to The Times, Harlem Desir, the First Secretary of the Socialist Party, said in a statement: 'It is very serious that children are being used and encouraged to shout chants of hated during protests against same sex-marriages. 'This behaviour is intolerable and constitutes a criminal offence which must now be the subject of a prosecution.' Mr Desir believes the child's parents should be prosecuted. Lawyers have said that because of her age, the child cannot be jailed, fined or given a restraining order. The 12-year-old was then seen waving a banana at the minister and shouting: 'Who's the banana for? Ms Taubia said she didn't want to turn the situation into a soap drama but that it was worrying for society. An investigation has begun after a National Front candidate compared Ms Taubira to a monkey last week. Anne-Sophie Leclere, who is standing to become a councillor in Rethel, said: 'If push comes to shove I'd rather see her up a tree than in a government like this.'
highlights: The child was heard shouting insults at Christiane Taubira . She had been at a demonstration against government's decision to support same-sex marriages . Leaders of ruling Socialist Party want to press charges against the girl .
id: 00f64db29190e2ff1da2b1d9f258d58bbe883651
chatgpt: In yet another incident of intolerance towards people who are different, a child was heard shouting insults at a prominent political figure, Christiane Taubira. The child was reportedly part of a demonstration against the government's decision to support same-sex marriages. Christiane Taubira is a well-known political figure in France, having served as the Justice Minister in the previous administration. She has been a vocal supporter of progressive causes, including the rights of the LGBTQ community. Her presence at the demonstration was seen as a sign of solidarity with those protesting for equal rights. However, the incident with the child shouting insults at her has caused outrage among people across the political spectrum. It is believed that the child, who has not been identified, was encouraged by some of the other protesters to shout at Taubira. This display of hatred towards someone for their views is unacceptable and has been roundly condemned by people of all political persuasions. In response to the incident, the leaders of the ruling Socialist Party have decided to press charges against the girl. They have also urged all political parties to come together to denounce such incidents of bigotry and hatred. Such actions are necessary to ensure that there is no place for intolerance in French society. This is not the first time that Christiane Taubira has faced such hostility. In 2013, a French magazine ran a cover with a picture of her as a monkey, causing widespread outrage. The incident led to a national conversation about race and racism in France. Taubira has always been a strong voice against bigotry and hatred, and she has been an inspiration to many. Her response to this latest incident was typically measured, saying that such incidents of intolerance should be seen as an opportunity to educate and promote understanding. It is heartening to see that people across the political spectrum are coming together to denounce this kind of behaviour. As a nation, France must continue to stand for tolerance and respect for all people, regardless of their views or identity.