article: By . Associated Press Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 07:55 EST, 17 October 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 09:14 EST, 17 October 2012 . A teenaged girl received 60 lashes in Timbuktu after Islamist extremists convicted her of speaking to men on the street. The girl, believed to be 15 years old, was allegedly caught speaking with men by Ansar Dine, the militant Islamist group who control Timbuktu and much of northern Mali. One resident claimed the girl was warned repeatedly by the Islamists to stop what she was doing, but persisted in talking to men in public. Strict: Ansar Dine, one of a number of Islamist groups who have seized control of northern Mali, allegedly lashed a girl, 15, for speaking to men in public in Timbuktu. File photo . Ousmane Maiga, a Timbuktu resident, said: ‘The Islamists said that the girl was warned five times by Islamist police but she continued to speak to men in the street. ‘After the hearing, the Islamists gave 60 lashes to the girl. The population did not turn out in large numbers to attend this flogging.’ The public whipping took place at around 11am local time in front of the new headquarters of the Islamic police in downtown Timbuktu, next to Independence Square. Ansar Dine (Defenders of Faith) is the most prevalent of a number of Al-Qaeda-linked groups that have seized northern Mali after a power vacuum opened by a military coup in the south in March. The groups have since been imposing Sharia law throughout the territory and intend on imposing the strict Islamic laws across Mali. Shocking: Islamists in northern Mali have also recruited and paid as many as 1,000 children . In an incident in July, a man was lashed 40 times by Ansar Dine after being accused of drinking alcohol. - Ousmane Maiga, Timbuktu resident . 'A young man has just been lashed 40 times for drinking alcohol. The whipping took place in the Timbuktu market,' a resident of Timbuktu told reporters. The man was later treated in hospital for his injuries. A man and woman accused of having a child out of wedlock were given 100 lashes each in Timbuktu on June 20. Ansar Dine has also destroyed all the city's bars. The group also demolished many of the ancient city’s shrines to Muslim saints, as the jihadists believe they should not be seen as idols. Another Islamist group, the Movement for Oneness and Jihad in West Africa (MUJAO), has burnt cigarettes, whipped smokers and forbidden people to play football or watch television in territories under its control, provoking violent protests in May in the northern city of Gao. The Islamist movement in the north of the country was recently found to be recruiting and paying up to 1,000 children from rural towns to fight in their militia. Control: Islamist groups like Ansar Dine have seized control of much of northern Mali and rule following strict Sharia law .
highlights: Islamist group Ansar Dine said to have repeatedly warned girl to stop talking to men in the street in Timbuktu, Mali .
id: 72cbf9ae1946cf538b1b692a478301d092feefe6
chatgpt: A young girl in Timbuktu, Mali, was allegedly warned multiple times by Ansar Dine, a local Islamist group, to stop speaking with men in the street. Although the exact details of the interactions between the girl and the group are unclear, reports suggest that Ansar Dine's members approached her on multiple occasions, delivering the message that such behaviour was not in line with their strict interpretation of Islamic law. Concerns about the treatment of women in this part of Mali are not new. The country's north has long been a contested area, with several different groups vying for control over the region. Ansar Dine is just one of these factions, but they are known to have a significant presence in and around Timbuktu. The group's ideology is rooted in conservative interpretations of Islam, and they have long been accused of using violence and intimidation to enforce their views on local communities. The case of the girl who was warned about speaking to men in the street has highlighted once again the human rights abuses that are occurring in this area. Many are calling for stronger action to be taken to protect women and girls from the violence and oppression that they face on a daily basis. They argue that without such intervention, the situation will only continue to get worse. There have been some steps taken to address this issue. For example, the Malian government has launched a program aimed at promoting the rights of women and girls in the country. This initiative includes measures such as improved access to education, healthcare, and legal services. However, many activists argue that much more needs to be done if real progress is to be made. Some analysts have suggested that one way to address the problem is to increase international pressure on the groups that are responsible for human rights abuses in Mali. This could involve targeted sanctions, as well as diplomatic efforts to build coalitions of countries that are committed to promoting human rights in the region. However, such approaches are not without their risks, and there are concerns that they could lead to further violence and instability. Despite the challenges, there are some signs that progress is being made. The fact that the case of the young girl in Timbuktu has received international attention is a positive development, as it shows that there is growing awareness of the situation in this part of Mali. Additionally, there are many brave individuals and organizations working tirelessly to promote human rights in the country, often at great personal risk. Ultimately, the case of the girl who was warned by Ansar Dine underscores the urgent need for action to address the human rights abuses that are occurring in Mali's north. Whether through increased international pressure or through local initiatives aimed at empowering women and girls, it is vital that steps are taken to protect the most vulnerable members of society from the violence and oppression that they face. Only by working together can we hope to create a brighter future for the people of Mali.