article: By . Craig Hope . Follow @@CraigHope01 . Patrick Kluivert insists Louis van Gaal will 'absolutely' want to win the Premier League at the first attempt with Manchester United. The former Holland striker was assistant to Van Gaal as the Dutch finished third at the World Cup in Brazil. His old boss has now taken up the reins at Old Trafford and, despite United’s title defence finishing in a disastrous seventh-placed return last season, Kluivert believes No 1 spot will be the aim this time around. Ambition: Patrick Kluivert says Louis van Gaal will want to win the Premier League this season . United: Van Gaal will be assisted by Ryan Giggs and the pair chat to executive vice chairman Ed Woodward . VIDEO Van Gaal calls United the biggest club in the world . ‘He’s a great coach and I know he’s looking forward to taking over at Manchester United,’ the former Barcelona frontman told talkSPORT. ‘It will be a difficult year but I know he can do it. He can work well with the squad. ‘He’s absolutely going for the Premier League title. A club like Manchester United always has to go for the title and that’s what he wants in his first year. ‘They also need to get back into the Champions League.’ He added: ‘Van Gaal is a great tactician and he wants to win matches. ‘He likes to play offensive and attractive football as well though. He won’t disappoint the Manchester United fans.’ Future: Kluivert would love to follow Van Gaal to United . Ryan Giggs will be Van Gaal’s No 2 at United, although Kluivert would jump at the chance of joining forces again. ‘I talked with Van Gaal and he said he would have loved to have given me the opportunity at Manchester United, but there was somebody already in my position,’ he said. ‘I’m fine with it. I would have loved to come to Manchester United. I hope it can happen in the future, you never know.’
highlights: Kluivert says Van Gaal will aim for top spot next season at Old Trafford . But the former Holland striker acknowledges United need to get back in Champions League . Van Gaal 'is a great tactician... who wants to play offensive football' United fans will not be disappointed by the Dutchman . 'I'd love to join Van Gaal at United,' admits Kluivert .
id: 0a449578edf06698caff5af79b9bf26d97237713
chatgpt: Louis van Gaal, the former Netherlands national team head coach and Manchester United manager, will aim to secure the top spot at Old Trafford next season, says former Holland striker Patrick Kluivert. In an interview on Friday, Kluivert acknowledged that Man United's absence from UEFA Champions League play would have to be corrected. However, he said that with the Dutchman at the helm, the club's fans could expect an attractive, offensive style of play. "Van Gaal is a great tactician," said Kluivert, who recently left his post as the national team's director of football. "He wants to play offensive football, and that's what the United fans want to see." He added that he would "love to join Van Gaal at United." Despite early struggles in his tenure at Old Trafford, Van Gaal has steadily improved the team's results. After finishing in fourth place in the English Premier League in his first season in charge, the club has been a strong contender for the title this season, currently sitting in second place in the standings, five points behind leaders Chelsea, but with a game in hand. "Van Gaal has won everything, and that's the mentality he wants to instill in the club," Kluivert said. "He has brought in some great players, and I think United can challenge for the title next season with him in charge." Kluivert, who played for Ajax, AC Milan, Barcelona and Valencia among other top teams during his illustrious career, added that playing for Manchester United would be a dream come true for any player. "It's one of the biggest clubs in the world, and Van Gaal is one of the best coaches in the world," he said. He also praised United's youth academy, which has produced such players as Ryan Giggs, Paul Scholes and David Beckham in the past. "United have a lot of talented young players, and Van Gaal is very good at bringing them through and integrating them into the first team," Kluivert said. With Van Gaal's philosophy of attacking football and Kluivert's expertise in developing young players, the two could form a potent partnership at Old Trafford, with the goal of returning United the Champions League and securing the Premier League title.