article: By . Ian Gallagher and Russell Myers . PUBLISHED: . 17:23 EST, 1 June 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 17:23 EST, 1 June 2013 . Police are targeting ‘khat’  houses in Woolwich amid fears they are recruiting grounds for Islamic extremists. Khat is a leafy stimulant grown in East Africa that delivers an amphetamine-like high for as long as it is chewed. One of the two Woolwich suspects, Michael Adebolajo, used it, according to his associates. The substance is legal in Britain but banned in many other countries, including the US, where it is regarded as a narcotic ranked alongside heroin and cocaine. Legal high: A London cafe owner with khat - a leafy stimulant grown in East Africa . Somali community worker Abukar Awale told The Mail on Sunday that police officers had visited several mafrish – the name given to houses devoted to khat chewing – since the murder of Drummer Lee Rigby. ‘I’ve heard they were asking questions about the people frequenting them,’ he said. ‘Some time before the murder, a few of them were closed down by police.’ Extremist Abdul Mumin was seen in a mafrish trying to recruit 'disaffected' youths . In one mafrish – a basement room in a house close to Woolwich mosque – Mr Awale saw extremist preacher Abdul Qadir Mumin, who has been linked to Adebolajo, trying to recruit ‘disaffected’ youths. He said: ‘There were about 20 young men lying around on mattresses, chewing khat, and Mumin was preaching to them, saying that Britain had failed them but that a better life beckoned. He left each of them his card and urged them to get in touch. ‘I am aware of cases in which youths have been recruited in this way. One young man from Woolwich rang his father, who lives in Cardiff, to say that he was on the Somali border. His father immediately called the police, who in turn contacted the Kenyan authorities who arrested his son and deported him, like Adebolajo. ‘Back in Britain he told police that he wasn’t recruited in a mosque – which had been their assumption – but in a mafrish. I am not sure if Adebolajo was recruited in this way but it wouldn’t surprise me.’ In 2010, Adebolajo left South London to try to join the Somali terror group Al-Shabaab, of which Mumin is a senior member. Complaining that he was coming under intense scrutiny from the security services, Mumin left for the war-torn country around the same time. Soon after his arrival in Somalia, he burnt his British passport in front of hundreds of supporters while declaring his lifelong support for jihad and vowing never to return to the UK. Sorry we are unable to accept comments for legal reasons.
highlights: Leafy stimulant grown in East Africa delivers amphetamine-like high . Police have visited several mafrish - houses where khat is chewed - since murder of Lee Rigby . Extremist preacher Abdul Mumin seen trying to recruit 'disaffected' youths .
id: fc4bdd1d22a8143907b28e73548d7da889332ed2
chatgpt: East Africa's khat, a leafy plant that delivers an amphetamine-like high when chewed, has come under increased scrutiny by law enforcement in the wake of the murder of soldier Lee Rigby. Police have been inspecting the "mafrish," or houses, where khat is commonly consumed, to investigate connections to extremist activity. In particular, they have been looking out for extremist preacher Abdul Mumin, who has been seen trying to recruit "disaffected" youths. Khat, also known as qat or miraa, is a psychoactive plant native to the Horn of Africa and the Arabian Peninsula. Its leaves contain cathinone, a stimulant that produces effects similar to amphetamines. When chewed, khat leaves can produce increased energy, euphoria, and feelings of social euphoria. The plant is legal to possess and consume in East Africa, but is highly regulated in other countries, including the US and UK. The consumption of khat is a deeply ingrained cultural practice in East Africa, where it has been used for centuries in social and religious contexts. However, authorities have become increasingly concerned about its link to criminal activity and its potential use as a tool for radicalization. Following the murder of Lee Rigby in 2013, police began investigating khat consumption in certain neighborhoods and communities with particular attention to the houses that serve as gatherings for chews. The houses, called "mafrish", are venues where people come together to chew khat, socialize, and discuss various topics. Police have been scrutinizing these houses for any signs of extremist activity or recruitment. One individual who has raised suspicion among law enforcement is Abdul Mumin, a known extremist preacher who has been seen trying to recruit "disaffected" youths. Mumin is believed to have connections to terrorist organizations and has been flagged as a person of interest by law enforcement agencies. His presence at khat chews has been noted, raising concerns among security officials about the connection between khat consumption and extremist ideologies. While not all khat chews are associated with extremist activity, the police have made it clear that they will be monitoring the practice closely. Khat consumption remains a legal practice in East Africa and is an important part of the region's culture. However, authorities are working to ensure that the practice is not misused for criminal or extremist purposes. In conclusion, khat consumption in East Africa has come under increased scrutiny by law enforcement due to concerns about its link to extremist activity. Police have been inspecting the houses where khat is commonly consumed, to investigate connections to extremist activity. The presence of Abdul Mumin, a known extremist preacher, at khat chews has raised concerns among security officials about the connection between khat consumption and extremist ideologies. While khat consumption remains a legal practice, authorities are working to ensure that the practice is not misused for criminal or extremist purposes.