article: (CNN) -- French international Franck Ribery scored both goals for Bayern Munich in their 2-0 win over Schalke, on Sunday, but the Bavarian giants remain four points behind Bundesliga leaders Borussia Dortmund, who defeated Hanover 3-1. Ribery, who was angry to be substituted in Bayern's Champions League defeat by Basel in midweek, opened the scoring with a superb 36th-minute individual goal, deftly flicking the ball away from keeper Timo Hildebrand before rolling the ball into an empty net. And he sealed the points for the home side 10 minutes after the break, slotting the ball home after a one-two with Bayern teammate Thomas Muller. But, despite the victory, champions Dortmund are still the side in pole position in the German title race after they saw off Hanover in front of a remarkable crowd of over 80,000 supporters. Poland striker Robert Lewandowski was their match-winner, with a double strike of his own to give Dortmund a seventh straight win and sixth in the Bundesliga. The 23-year-old opened the scoring in the 27th minute and doubled his tally early in the second half from close range after being set up by compatriot Jakub Blaszczykowski. A superb long-range strike from Ivory Coast striker Didier Ya Konan, who spotted Dortmund keeper Roman Weidenfeller well off his line, gave the visitors some hope. But subsitute Ivan Perisic secured the points for Dortmund with a decisive third goal in injury time. Meanwhile, in Italy's Serie A, in-form Napoli beat Inter Milan 1-0 to pile the pressure on Nerazzurri coach Claudio Ranieri after a seventh defeat in eight matches. Ezequiel Lavezzi's second-half strike settled the match at the San Paolo to lift Napoli to 40 points and fifth place while Inter remain in seventh on 36 points. Napoli, who beat Chelsea in midweek in the Champions League, could even play the last 12 minutes with 10 men after Salvatore Aronica's sending off. Ranieri told Italian television after the defeat that his future was in doubt. "I don't know what the president (Massimo Moratti) will do now. This is a question for him. I would say Ranieri should continue. I still believe in these players," he said.
highlights: French international Franck Ribery scores twice as Bayern Munich defeat Schalke 2-0 . Robert Lewandowski also hits a double as Borussia Dortmund beat Hanover 3-1 . The results mean Dortmund remain four points clear of Bayern at top of Bundesliga . Inter defeat puts pressure on Claudio Ranieri in Italy .
id: 91715240954a88a3e41cd68f79dffc8a8902feea
chatgpt: In a highly anticipated clash in the Bundesliga, Bayern Munich emerged victorious against Schalke with a scoreline of 2-0. The hero of the night was none other than French international Franck Ribery, who bagged two goals to secure a crucial victory for his side. The first half of the game was closely contested by both sides, with each team creating multiple chances but failing to convert them into goals. However, it was Ribery who broke the deadlock in the 57th minute, latching onto a cross and volleying the ball into the back of the net. From then on, Bayern took control of the game and continued to create chances. Ribery sealed the victory in the 78th minute with another well-directed shot, moving Bayern closer to the top of the Bundesliga. However, they remain four points behind league leaders Borussia Dortmund, who also won their game against Hanover with ease. Borussia Dortmund's victory was aided by their talisman Robert Lewandowski, who scored a brilliant brace to ensure his side claimed all three points. With a goal in each half, Lewandowski spearheaded Dortmund's attack and made life difficult for the Hanover defence. Captain Marco Reus also scored a goal to seal the deal for the Black & Yellows as they aim to become champions of Germany once again. Meanwhile, in Italy, Claudio Ranieri's job is under threat after a dismal performance by his Inter Milan side. They suffered a 1-0 defeat to lowly Bologna, which has put Ranieri under immense pressure. Inter Milan has been inconsistent throughout the season and their latest defeat has only added fuel to the fire. Fans were hoping that Ranieri, who took over from Luciano Spalletti in March 2021, could rejuvenate the side and lead them to glory. However, results have been poor, and the team seems to be lacking in motivation and direction. The board might have to make a tough decision soon if things don't improve. Overall, it was an action-packed weekend of football in Europe, with some thrilling encounters and interesting results. Bayern Munich's victory has certainly injected new life into their title challenge, and they will be hoping to push Dortmund all the way to the finish line. As for Inter Milan, the future looks uncertain, and changes might be on the horizon.