article: (CNN) -- There were no shocks in the first round of the French Open Sunday, except for one: eight time champion Rafael Nadal will begin the defense of his title in the secondary Suzanne Lenglen court, a move dubbed as "bizarre" by one player. As world number one and reigning champion, not to mention arguably the greatest player to ever grace the clay of Roland Garros, Nadal would have expected to start his campaign -- a match against American wild card Robby Ginepri -- on the Philippe Chatrier court. But organizers decided to host Novak Djokovic versus Joao Sousa and Stan Wawrinka versus Guillermo Garcia-Lopez instead, a move which has prompted a furious reaction on social media, and amongst some players. "That's really bizarre," John Isner told AFP, after the American had needed two tiebreaks to beat tough Frenchman Pierre-Hugues Herbert 7-6 (7/5), 7-6 (7/4), 7-5. "I mean, how many times does the guy have to win the tournament to be able to have his first match on Chatrier?" Sunday's matches saw Roger Federer play in his record 58th consecutive grand slam. It was easy pickings for the 33 year old who beat Slovakia's Lukas Lacko 6-2, 6-4, 6-2. Sixth seed Tomas Berdych also won in straight sets, 6-3, 6-4, 6-4, against the Canadian Peter Polansky. Another Canadian, exciting young prospect Milos Raonic who came close to shocking Djokovic at the Rome Masters recently, had a slightly tougher time beating Australia's Nick Kyrgios 6-3, 7-6 (7/1), 6-3. World number one Serena Williams began her campaign with a simple 6-2, 6-1 victory against Alize Lim of France whilst sister Venus beat Switzerland's Belinda Bencic 6-4, 6-1. The action now moves on to Monday for Nadal and Djokovic. "It's a big court, there is television, so you can put it everywhere, you know, in the world," said French number two Jo-Wilfried Tsonga when asked about Nadal's court allocation. "I hope it's okay for him."
highlights: First round of the French Open begins at Roland Garros . Federer, Isner, Berdych, Tsonga, Raonic all through . eight time champ Nadal begins tomorrow, on second court . Furious reaction on social media by fans .
id: e311e4144eb9884b2b2c85d55787571ce23fd381
chatgpt: The much-awaited first round of the French Open began at Roland Garros, Paris today. With several top seeds making their appearances, tennis enthusiasts were in for a treat with some of the finest players battling it out on the clay courts. Stakes were high as seasoned players, and some new faces took on each other in the tournament. The likes of Roger Federer, Isner, Berdych, Tsonga, and Raonic all emerged victoriously in their respective games, making their way to the second round. Federer, who has been struggling with a knee injury, looked to be in fine form as he outclassed his opponent in straight sets. Acing his serve with surgical precision, Federer showcased his skills on clay - a surface he has been less familiar with in recent years. The win delighted his fans and supporters, who are hoping for a deep run for the Swiss maestro. Meanwhile, eight-time champion Rafael Nadal will begin his campaign tomorrow on the second court. Fans, eager to catch a glimpse of their favorite player, will have to wait a little longer. With Nadal expected to play on almost all days of the tournament, his supporters hope that he can add to his impressive tally of titles. While the tennis action unfolded, there was a furious reaction on social media by fans. Several supporters expressed disappointment on not being able to catch the matches live as some of the games were not televised. Fans took to Twitter to voice their displeasure, with some even questioning the ethics of the broadcasters. Many called for a change in policy from the organizers to ensure coverage of all games. All eyes are now set for the next round of matches, where more players will take on each other in the quest for glory. With top-ranked players making their appearances in the coming days, the excitement level is only set to increase. Tennis lovers can't wait to see what other surprises this year's French Open has in store for them.