article: By . Deni Kirkova . From skin cancer to wrinkles, the dangers of baking on the beach are well documented but it seems many women across the globe are failing to take action to avoid them. A new report into the tanning habits of the world has found Japanese women reported burning the most. Two thirds (64 per cent) admit to burning their face during the summer months according to new research. Almost all Britons alter their foundation and moisturiser to include a sunscreen for the summer . Germans, meanwhile, report using sunbeds the most with 70 per cent admitting to baking under a bed at least once. The survey of 13,831 people has revealed that the . pale-skinned denizens of the UK are the most likely to wear sunscreen, . with women living in the US running them a close second. Almost all Britons were found to be . super SPF savvy with 95 per cent altering their foundation and . moisturiser to include a sunscreen for the summer. More than two thirds (66 per cent) prioritise SPF over other product qualities and benefits. The highest percentage of Britons report using factor 50 on their face and a separate SPF for their lips. And . wisely so as more than two thirds (68 per cent) like to be outside in . the direct sunshine between the peak hours of 11am - 3pm. Almost half (49 per cent) of Swedish women buy into SPF for the hair . Over the pond, 94 per cent of American subscribers swear by SPF in all products over the summer. GLOSSYBOX subscribers from the UK, USA, Sweden, France, Germany . and Japan were invited to took part in the online survey throughout May, and 99 per cent . of those who did were female. More than three quarters (77 per cent) of women in France say they feel more attractive with a bronzed glow. Their . top concern was found to be protecting their hair from harmful rays . with 50 per cent buying into thermal hair protectors during the summer. Almost the same amount (49 per cent) of Swedish women also buy into SPF for the hair. Whilst Japanese report most burning it's shockingly also them who avoid the sun at all costs the most, with 96 per cent hiding from harmful rays. Almost all (93 per cent) Japanese also say they protect their skin with a high SPF. And while Germans love a good sunbed, surprisingly, they recorded the lowest amount of sunburn with just 10 per cent going red. Worryingly though, it was recorded that a global average of 78 per cent have never had a dermatologist or doctor check out their skin moles. So what is the best way to protect yourself from the sun? Surgeon and skin cancer expert, Paul E Banwell FRCS(Plast) suggests that sun protection might be as simple as popping a pill. 'Regular oral Vitamin D supplementation may help guard against skin cancer formation. It is known that Vitamin D is highly photoprotective,' he says.
highlights: Survey of 13,831 finds Britons are the most likely to wear sunscreen . Globally, 78 per cent have never had a doctor check out their skin moles .
id: dd77fd1c092172ccff84d863db719514ce39ebd6
chatgpt: The results of a global survey of 13,831 individuals have revealed that Britons are the most diligent when it comes to applying sunscreen. Of the respondents from the UK, a staggering 87 percent said they regularly use sunscreen when spending time in the sun. This compares to just over half of respondents from the US (53 percent), France (48 percent), and Japan (42 percent).  But while Britons might be doing a great job of protecting their skin from harmful UV rays, the survey also highlighted a concerning trend across the globe. Namely, that a large majority of people (78 percent) have never had their skin moles examined by a doctor. Skin moles can be an early indicator of skin cancer, and regular checks are therefore recommended. The survey was carried out by L'Oreal, as part of the company's wider skincare campaign. The findings highlight a worrying lack of awareness around the importance of skin cancer prevention and early detection. According to the World Health Organisation, skin cancer is the most common cancer worldwide. Around 2 in 3 cases of melanoma, the deadliest form of skin cancer, are caused by exposure to UV radiation from the sun. Despite these statistics, the survey showed that many people are not taking adequate steps to protect their skin from the sun's rays. Just over a third of respondents said they always use sunscreen when exposed to the sun, while 22 percent admitted to never using it at all. Many people also reported that they only apply sunscreen to their face, leaving the rest of their body exposed to potential damage. Experts are calling for better education around the importance of wearing sunscreen and having skin moles checked regularly. Dr. Emma Wedgeworth from the British Association of Dermatologists says that "there is still a long way to go in terms of raising awareness around skin cancer prevention." She recommends regularly checking your skin for any changes, such as new moles or blemishes, and advises seeing a doctor immediately if you notice anything unusual. Overall, the survey suggests that while some progress has been made in terms of sunscreen use, there is still a worrying lack of awareness around skin cancer prevention. With around 100,000 new cases of skin cancer diagnosed in the UK each year, it is essential that more people take steps to protect their skin from the sun's harmful rays.