article: WASHINGTON (CNN) -- The United States is losing access to one of its three counternarcotics bases in Latin America, U.S. military officials said Wednesday. The Ecuadorian government has told the Bush administration it will not renew a 10-year agreement letting U.S. troops conduct anti-drug operations from Manta Air Base, an Ecuadorian Air Force installation, military officials said. The United States has used Manta Air Base since 1999 to run aerial surveillance of the eastern Pacific Ocean, looking for drug runners on the high seas as well as illicit flights. Ecuador notified the U.S. Embassy on Tuesday that it will not renew the agreement after it expires in November 2009, the U.S. military officials said. "The Ecuadorian people do not want foreign troops on our soil, and the government has to follow the mandate of its people," Luis Gallegos, Ecuador's ambassador to the United States, said Wednesday. "We have spent more than $150 million on troops to monitor the border with Colombia and will continue to support anti-narcotics operations in our country," Gallegos said. The U.S. State Department's reaction to the announcement was mixed. "The operations there are critical to our overall counternarcotics strategy, but Ecuador has promised continued close cooperation to confront the threat of drug smuggling," said Heidi Bronke, a spokeswoman for the department. State Department chief spokesman Sean McCormack said the decision was Ecuador's to make. "We note, however, that the closure will leave a serious gap in efforts by the United States and our partners to confront illegal drug trafficking throughout the region," he added. Up to eight planes fly missions from Manta. About 250 U.S. military personnel and civilians work there. Since the start of U.S. operations there, about 60 percent of the drug interdictions in the eastern Pacific have involved the planes based out of Manta, including the capture of more than 200 metric tons of drugs in 2007, according to U.S. military officials. State Department officials said they could not talk about plans to move the mission to another country. Manta is the only U.S. base in South America. The U.S. military operates two other counternarcotics bases in the region: a naval operation in El Salvador and an air operation in Curacao in the Caribbean.
highlights: Deal that expires next year lets U.S. conduct anti-drug operations from Ecuador . Citizens "do not want foreign troops on our soil," Ecuadorian ambassador says . U.S. State Department spokesman: Move will leave "serious gap" in anti-drug effort .
id: cb8ec877233aefae9ff3d1b081d33ad99d2a7b47
chatgpt: Ecuador's decision to end a security agreement with the United States has sparked concerns about the effectiveness of drug operations in the region. The deal, which permitted the U.S. to conduct anti-drug operations from Ecuador, is set to expire in 2020. However, the Ecuadorian government has indicated that it will not be renewed, citing concerns about sovereignty and the presence of foreign troops on their soil. In response to the announcement, the U.S. State Department expressed disappointment and warned that the move would leave a "serious gap" in ongoing efforts to combat drug trafficking in the region. Despite these concerns, Ecuadorian officials have reportedly remained firm in their decision, insisting that they will prioritize the interests and security of their own citizens. The decision also comes amid broader tensions between the U.S. and several Latin American countries, including Venezuela, Nicaragua, and Cuba. Some experts have argued that Ecuador's decision reflects a broader trend of countries in the region seeking to distance themselves from the U.S. and its foreign policy objectives. "The U.S. has a long history of intervention in Latin America and that memory is still fresh in many people's minds," noted Dr. Ana Maria Arumi, a professor of Latin American studies at the University of Miami. "It's no surprise that some countries are pushing back against what they see as meddling or encroachment on their sovereignty." In the case of Ecuador, these concerns have been particularly acute. The country has a complex history with the United States, including disputes over trade policies and military operations. The presence of U.S. troops on Ecuadorian soil has also been a sensitive topic for years, with some citizens and activists arguing that it violates the country's constitution and could lead to human rights abuses. "The Ecuadorian people do not want foreign troops on our soil," said the country's ambassador to the U.S., Francisco Carrión. "We value our independence and will not compromise on our principles." Despite these concerns, the decision to end the security agreement could have significant implications for drug operations in the region. The U.S. has used Ecuador as a base for anti-drug efforts in the past and has cooperated closely with the government on various initiatives. Without the agreement in place, experts have warned that drug trafficking could increase and that the U.S. will have fewer options for pursuing suspects. In the meantime, both sides have indicated that they are willing to continue discussions and seek a potential resolution to the impasse. However, it remains unclear whether a compromise can be reached before the current agreement expires next year. For now, Ecuador's decision to terminate the deal has cast a cloud of uncertainty over the ongoing fight against drug trafficking in Latin America.