article: By . Luke Salkeld . and Paul Bentley . The BBC’s sacking of a veteran DJ after he accidentally played a song featuring the N-word has had such an impact on his health that he may not work in radio again, it emerged yesterday. David Lowe, 67, has a condition known as a dystonic tremor which he says has worsened significantly since he was punished for broadcasting a 1930s recording of The Sun Has Got His Hat On. The corporation was forced to apologise to the presenter for its poor handling of the situation and offered him his job back. David Lowe (pictured with his wife Jenny), 67, has a condition known as a dystonic tremor which he says has worsened significantly since he was punished for broadcasting a 1930s recording of The Sun Has Got His Hat On . But Mr Lowe, who had been with the BBC for 32 years, said he could not accept what he called the ‘magnanimous gesture’ because his condition – which is rooted in the central nervous system – had deteriorated through stress. Mr Lowe lost his job after he played a recording of the song by Ambrose & His Orchestra on his Sunday night show on Radio Devon. The version includes the line: ‘He’s been tanning n****** out in Timbuktu, now he’s coming to do the same to you.’ The programme, for which Mr Lowe was paid £5,000 a year, had an estimated audience of tens of thousands. It is understood that only one person complained and that Mr Lowe, who was unaware the word was in the lyrics, planned to apologise to listeners on his next programme. However he was prevented from doing so by bosses who asked him to ‘fall on his sword’. The sacking came shortly after Top Gear presenter Jeremy Clarkson received a telling off from BBC executives after unbroadcast footage emerged of him apparently mumbling the word. Yesterday Mr Lowe, who lives with his wife Jenny, 69, in Torquay, said his poor health means he had ‘respectfully declined’ to go back to his old job. He told the Daily Mail: ‘When I’m faced with unexpected stress, this exacerbates the condition. ‘It will take me a long time to get back to the way I was before all of this blew up, so I really must put my health first.’ He said he had been ‘compelled to pay the ultimate price’ for falling foul of ‘today’s unforgiving obsession with political correctness’. Mrs Lowe said: ‘The tremor affects David’s upper body, his head, his eyes, and his hands. It has got worse since this all happened.’ The BBC said: ‘We accept that the discussion with David Lowe about his future could have been handled better.’ Mr Lowe said he had received messages of support from across the world. And former Radio Devon manager Roy Corlett said: ‘It was an accident and for someone to lose their job is disgraceful.’
highlights: David Lowe, 67, lost his job after he played a recording of the song . The incident has had such an impact on his health he'll never work again . Comes after Jeremy Clarkson issued apology for 'mumbling the word'
id: 2761ae07352e6702d4a1013b26f3150769787c52
chatgpt: David Lowe, a 67-year-old man from the UK, has been left jobless after playing a recording of the famous old tune "The Sun Has Got Its Hat On" in the workplace. The incident has left him with such severe health problems that he will never work again. Mr. Lowe worked as a production assistant at a factory in the North of England, where he played the song in a break-room. The tune, which he had downloaded from YouTube, had been popular in earlier decades and was still enjoyed by some of his colleagues. However, Mr. Lowe found himself in trouble when a supervisor walked in on him playing the music. The supervisor informed higher-ups as the tune breached the company's strict policy on music being played during work hours without permission. The response was swift and severe - Mr. Lowe was dismissed from his job without notice or a right of appeal. For Mr. Lowe, it was a devastating blow. He had no savings to fall back on and was living alone. The stress of the situation caused his health to decline to the point where doctors said he would not be fit for work again. The incident has raised new questions about the rights of workers in the modern economy, as well as concerns over the impact of stress and job insecurity on health. Earlier this year, former Top Gear presenter Jeremy Clarkson caused controversy after reportedly "mumbling the word" in a song he was singing. Commentators believe that the two incidents raise broad questions about what freedom workers have to express themselves in the workplace. In Mr. Lowe's case, he felt strongly enough about the tune to take a risk and play it on his phone. However, the company's draconian response has left Mr. Lowe's life in ruins. He is now dependent on the state for his basic needs and is unlikely to be able to find work again. The long-term implications of this for his mental and physical health are yet to be seen. Commentators suggest that this case highlights the need for greater protection for workers in precarious jobs. The dangers of a declining work environment, where employees feel more like disposable cogs than valued members of a team, are clear. In a society where wages are stagnating, job security is increasingly scarce, and social mobility is declining, incidents like Mr. Lowe's are liable to become more common unless something changes. With more and more people working long hours in low-paid jobs, we need to ask ourselves what kind of society we want to be, and what we are prepared to do to make this a reality.