article: By . Reuters Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 15:17 EST, 16 March 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 15:17 EST, 16 March 2012 . An unemployed and mentally ill South Carolina mother pleaded guilty on Friday to suffocating her two toddlers and then leaving their bodies in car seats in a vehicle she dumped in a river. Shaquan Duley, 30, pleaded guilty to two counts of murder. She faces 30 years to life on each count when she is sentenced later this month, prosecutor David Pascoe said. Tearful: Shaquan Duley, 30, pleaded guilty to suffocating her two young sons . Gone too soon: Devan (left) was two and his brother Je'Van was 18 months . 'She accepted criminal responsibility for what she did,' Mr Pascoe said. The case was similar to that of another South Carolina mother, Susan Smith, who drowned her two sons, three-year-old Michael and 14-month-old Alexander in a vehicle in 1994. Duley suffocated her two children, two-year-old Devean and 18-month-old Ja'van, in August 2010. Police said she snuffed out their lives by putting her hand over their mouths, then placed the bodies in a car that she pushed over an embankment into the Edisto River. Police at the time said she confessed after initially lying about the deaths and trying to make them look accidental. 'She was a mother that was unemployed. She had no means of taking care of her children,' then-Sheriff Larry Williams said in 2010. Culpable: The prosecutor today said she accepted responsibility for what she did as she broke down in tears . Now and then: Duley pictured arriving at a hearing in 2010 (left), and pictured today in court (right), heavily cuffed and wiping away tears . 'The responsibility of being a mom was a bit much for her. She was living with her mother. I believe she was fed up with her mother telling her that she couldn't take care of the children, or she wasn't taking care of the children. ‘She just wanted to be free.' Emotional testimony came from family members supporting Duley, a single mom who said she had been depressed. 'She snapped on August 15,' Pascoe said on Friday. 'There was no evidence that she had been planning this out.' A state-appointed forensic psychiatrist found last summer that Duley suffered from mental illness but that she knew right from wrong and knew what she was doing when she killed her children, Pascoe said. The father of Duley's children was never located, the Orangeburg County Sheriff's Office said. Horror: Police said she snuffed out her sons' lives by putting her hand over their mouths, then placed the bodies in a car that she pushed over an embankment into the Edisto River (pictured)
highlights: Shaquan Duley, 30, admitted to suffocating two sons, aged two and 18 months and dumping them in a river . Faces 30 years to life on each count; will be sentenced later this month . Originally tried to make sons' deaths look like an accident .
id: 906da462e416ee21e6de6f2c4c93a9250c47d232
chatgpt: Shaquan Duley, a 30-year-old mother from South Carolina, admitted to suffocating her two young sons, aged two and 18 months, and subsequently dumping their bodies in a river. According to reports, Duley confessed to intentionally killing her children after initially trying to make their deaths look like an accident. She drove her car into a river with her sons in the back seat, then phoned 911 and reported that her vehicle had veered off the road and into the water. However, police quickly became suspicious of Duley's account and found evidence that clearly indicated foul play. Further investigation led to the discovery of the two little boys' bodies in the river, and Duley was subsequently charged with their murder. Her trial lasted only a few days, and Duley ultimately pleaded guilty to two counts of murder in order to avoid the death penalty. She now faces a sentence of 30 years to life on each count. The news has been met with shock and outrage across the country as people struggle to understand how a mother could do something so horrific to her own children. Many are asking what circumstances led to this tragic event. Duley, who was already a single mother struggling to make ends meet, had reportedly been dealing with financial stress and was also allegedly struggling with mental health issues. However, these factors in no way excuse or justify her actions, which have rightly been condemned as despicable and unforgivable. Now, Duley's community is left to mourn the loss of two innocent lives and try to come to terms with the reality of what has happened. There is no doubt that this tragedy will haunt them for years to come. Duley will be sentenced later this month, and is expected to receive a harsh penalty for her heinous crimes. The judge presiding over the case has already made it clear that he will not tolerate such acts of violence, and that justice must be served. We can only hope that in the wake of this tragedy, society will be moved to take action to prevent such senseless acts of violence from occurring in the future. As a nation, we must do a better job of addressing mental health issues, providing support to struggling families, and promoting a culture of nonviolence and empathy. At the end of the day, nothing can bring back the two boys who lost their lives at the hands of their own mother. However, we can honor their memory by working together to prevent similar tragedies from occurring in the future.