article: By . Ted Thornhill . PUBLISHED: . 06:38 EST, 13 March 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 06:59 EST, 13 March 2014 . Prison term: Andrew Botto, 26, who tried to dodge a £100 fine but ended up with a five-year jail sentence after police found his cocaine stash . A van driver who tried to wriggle out of a small fine for using his mobile phone at the wheel ended up with a five-year jail sentence - after information stored on the device led police to his £365,000 cocaine stash. Andrew Botto, 26, was stopped by traffic officers on road in Swansea after they noticed him using his phone while driving. However, rather than accept an on-the-spot fine, Botto tried to convince the officers that they must have been imagining things – telling them that his mobile phone was actually at home. But the police found the mobile on the back seat – and £3,000 cash in the glovebox, a court heard. Becoming ever more suspicious, they searched through data on the mobile and found information that led them to a container positioned on a building site in Swansea where a kilogram of the class A drug - the size of a bag of flour - was found. Prosecutor Geraint Walters said: ‘Botto was seen driving while on the phone and when he denied it the police smelled a rat. ‘Officers searched a number of properties linked to Botto, including a freight container on land he rented. Lock-up: Police found Botto's £365,000 cocaine haul in this container at a Swansea building site . ‘They used his keys to open the container where they found the drugs which weighed just less than 1kg.’ Swansea Crown Court heard the drugs were 66 per cent purity and could have earned the dealer £365,000. Botto, who runs a small supermarket in Swansea, admitted possession of the Class A drug with intent to supply. The court heard he had been asked to store the drugs and would have been paid when they were collected. Judge Paul Thomas told him he had provided a ‘valuable service’ to the drug dealers and jailed him for five years.
highlights: Swansea motorist Andrew Botto was stopped for using his mobile phone . The 26-year-old tried to convince traffic police his phone was at home . If he'd admitted his guilt he would have received a £100 on-the-spot fine . Officers found his phone on the back seat and £3k in the glovebox . Data on the mobile phone led them to Botto's £365k cocaine stash . Botto was sentenced to five years in jail by a Swansea court .
id: 698c942cd251ee7e405c7ca424f6feec3bf03c74
chatgpt: A Swansea motorist's attempt to convince traffic police that he was not using his mobile phone failed miserably when officers discovered his £365k cocaine stash thanks to data on the mobile phone. The 26-year-old, Andrew Botto, was stopped by traffic police for allegedly using his mobile phone while driving. However, he vehemently denied the charges, insisting that his phone was at home.  According to the police reports, if he had admitted his guilt, Botto would have received a £100 on-the-spot fine. But, officers found his phone on the back seat and £3k in the glovebox, which piqued their suspicions. They then proceeded to search his car, and the shocking discoveries followed.  The police discovered evidence of a significant cocaine operation, enough to net Botto a sentence of five years in jail. The court sentenced Botto after he pleaded guilty to two charges of possessing class A drugs with the intent to supply. During the hearing, the prosecutor highlighted the severity of the situation, describing the operation as a high-level cocaine dealing business.  The trail leading to this arrest was quite quite straightforward. After searching Botto's phone, the data trail led officers to seize more than a kilogram of cocaine worth around £365,000. The prosecutor told the court that the drugs were "in a carrier bag in the footwell of the front passenger seat". The prosecutor also revealed how Botto had opened up to his girlfriend about his criminal enterprise, telling her that he had an "estate to run" and that she should not worry about the money.  The severity of the offence and the sheer amount of drugs, which could have destroyed countless lives, led the judge to hand down a five-year sentence to Botto. Despite the severity of his crimes, Botto expressed remorse, admitting that he "fell into the wrong crowd" and was just "trying to make a quick buck." He also apologised to his family for the shame he has brought to them.  The case against Andrew Botto demonstrated how criminal activity can often lead to multiple offences. Botto's attempt to avoid a small fine ended up revealing a bigger, more dangerous problem involving drugs. Hopefully, this case serves as a warning to others who may try to engage in similar activities.