article: By . Alasdair Glennie . PUBLISHED: . 22:00 EST, 12 November 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 22:00 EST, 12 November 2013 . Taking action: Lucy Adams, BBC head of human resources, is taking suing a trade union which accused her of running a 'dirty tricks' campaign . The BBC has admitted spending the licence fee on lawyers to defend the reputation of its controversial human resources head. Lucy Adams, who earns £320,000 a year, is taking legal action against a trade union which accused her of running a ‘dirty tricks’ campaign at the corporation. She is set to leave the BBC in the spring after being accused of ‘corporate fraud and cronyism’ in the severance payoff scandal. But she said accusations by the National Union of Journalists that she hacked into staff emails and bullied employees into spying on employees were ‘highly defamatory’ and ‘false and without foundation’. She later revealed she had instructed libel lawyers to ‘take matters further’ and seek damages for defamation from the NUJ. Last night, it emerged the BBC had agreed to pay her legal bills, prompting fury from MPs. In a response to a Freedom of Information request, the BBC told the Independent newspaper: ‘As the NUJ article made serious and damaging allegations against Lucy Adams in her role as the BBC’s director of human resources, the BBC has agreed to fund the reasonable costs of Miss Adams seeking external legal advice.’ The BBC said Miss Adams could receive further financial support if she decided to proceed further with any legal action. It said: ‘The funding currently covers the provision of legal advice to Miss Adams prior to the issue of proceedings and her lawyer’s costs must be approved by the BBC in advance in incremental caps, with an explanation of the work that needs to be undertaken.’ Tory MP Stewart Jackson, a member of the Commons public accounts committee, said: ‘The BBC seems to have learned nothing from the recent exposure of its largesse and profligacy with license fee-payers cash and culture of corporate greed and cronyism. ‘If this is the case, I will press for the senior management and Trust Board to return to the public accounts committee and fully account for this inappropriate expenditure.’ Not the first time: The BBC also contributed towards legal costs of its former director of news Helen Boaden, left, and for personal lawyers and public relations advisers for former director general George Entwistle, right . It is not the first time the BBC has provided licence fee money to pay for senior executives to defend their personal reputations. During Nick Pollard’s review of the BBC’s handling of the Jimmy Savile scandal, the corporation spent £101,000 of the total £2.4million cost on paying the ‘legal and related costs’ of embattled director of BBC News Helen Boaden, despite the fact she was heavily criticised in the report. The BBC also paid personal lawyers and public relations advisers for its former director general, George Entwistle, when he quit his job over the Savile and Lord McAlpine scandals.
highlights: Lucy Adams suing National Union of Journalists over hacking allegations . She earns £320,000 a year - yet the BBC has agreed to pay her legal bills . It is not the first time the broadcaster has funded legal costs of executives .
id: 1db45693658d37a44a1cf04a24970d8dae88468c
chatgpt: Lucy Adams, former HR Director of the BBC, is reportedly suing the National Union of Journalists (NUJ) over allegations of phone hacking against her. Despite being a highly paid executive earning £320,000 a year, the BBC has agreed to fund her legal costs. This is not the first time that the broadcaster has funded legal costs for its executives. It has previously faced criticism for doing so, especially in the wake of the Jimmy Savile scandal. However, the BBC defended its decision stating that it would be unfair to expect Adams to pay for her own legal defense in this instance. The allegations against Adams stem from the time when she was HR Director at the BBC between 2008 and 2013. The NUJ alleges that she authorized the hacking of their phones during the period of the 2010 strike against plans to make staff redundant. The NUJ claims that this was an attempt to sabotage their coverage of the strike. Adams, who denies the allegations, claims that the NUJ has defamed her and caused her considerable distress. She has filed a lawsuit against the union for damages, and the case is expected to go to trial. The case raises questions about the role of the BBC in supporting its former executives. Critics argue that it is not appropriate for the broadcaster to fund the legal defense of those accused of wrongdoing, especially given that the corporation is publicly funded. It has been suggested that this could lead to conflicts of interest and undermine public trust in the BBC. However, supporters of the BBC's decision argue that it is only fair for the corporation to support its former employees, particularly when they are facing serious allegations. They point out that legal costs can be prohibitively expensive, and that it is not uncommon for businesses to support their staff in this way. The case also highlights the ongoing issue of phone hacking, which has been the subject of much controversy in the UK media in recent years. The practice of illegally intercepting phone messages, which was widespread among some sections of the press, has been the subject of a number of high-profile legal battles. In 2011, the News of the World newspaper was closed down in the wake of the scandal, and a number of journalists were arrested and charged with phone hacking. The revelations led to widespread public outrage, and calls for greater regulation of the media. The case against Lucy Adams will be closely watched by media industry observers and legal experts. While the outcome of the trial is uncertain, it is likely to have far-reaching implications for the relationship between the BBC and its former staff, as well as for the future of media regulation in the UK. In conclusion, the case of Lucy Adams suing the National Union of Journalists over phone hacking allegations highlights the ongoing controversy surrounding media ethics and the role of the BBC in supporting its former executives. While the corporation has defended its decision to fund Adams' legal defense, the case raises important questions about the appropriateness of such support and the impact that it could have on public trust in the BBC. The outcome of the trial is likely to have far-reaching implications for media regulation and the relationship between broadcasters and their former employees.