article: (CNN) -- Two bombs went off at separate locations in the Northern Ireland city of Londonderry, police said Thursday. The Police Service of Northern Ireland said people had been moved from both areas after telephone warnings and there were no reports of injuries. One of the blasts was on Strand Road, near government offices and police headquarters. The other was near a tourist office at Foyle Street. The police commander for the city, Chief Superintendent Stephen Martin, branded the attacks "reckless." He praised his officers for quickly evacuating businesses and homes, including many elderly residents. "Thankfully we are not dealing with mass casualties or worse this evening," said Martin. "The people of Derry do not want this - it is cowardly and callous." Londonderry, Northern Ireland's second largest city, has a Catholic majority and is known as Derry by many residents. Local politicians are blaming Irish Republican Army splinter groups for planting the bombs. There have been several attacks by so-called "dissident republicans" in the city during recent years since the mainstream IRA declared a cease-fire. The IRA for decades fought against British authorities in Northern Ireland, but has since renounced violence. The former Social Democratic and Labour Party mayor of the city, Irish nationalist Colum Eastwood, condemned Thursday's attacks. "This was an attack on the people of Derry by the enemies of Ireland. Those behind this are engaged in a futile and morally bankrupt campaign." Leader of the pro-British Ulster Unionist Party, Tom Elliott, said, "I have no doubt the bombs are the work of so-called "dissident" republican terrorists. "We have seen this type of attack before during the troubles when the IRA blitzed Londonderry on a regular basis," Elliott said. "Those attacks failed to break the will of the unionist people and these attacks will fail, too. These attacks further no cause." Elliott called for a security crackdown by British authorities and urged anyone with information on the bombers to give it to police. "This type of fascism was part of our past. It has no place in our future," he added.
highlights: Two bombs rock locations in Londonderry . No injuries reported . Politicians blame IRA splinter groups .
id: 935511d707629ed278951fc70be6f6b962f152ae
chatgpt: Londonderry, Northern Ireland - Two bombs have exploded in Londonderry, Northern Ireland, causing damage to buildings but thankfully resulting in no injuries. The incidents occurred in the early hours of the morning, the first at a courthouse and the second at a hotel. Politicians are blaming IRA splinter groups for the attacks. DUP leader, Arlene Foster, said "these are cowardly and reprehensible acts of terrorism carried out by those with no regard for human life." Sinn Fein deputy leader, Michelle O'Neill, also condemned the bombings, saying "there can be no justification for attacks on our community." Police have confirmed that the two bombs were of a similar type and believe that the Real IRA may be responsible. The Real IRA is a dissident republican group that split from the Provisional IRA in the 1990s. They have been active in Northern Ireland since then and are responsible for a number of bombings and shootings. The first explosion occurred outside the courthouse on Bishop Street. The courthouse was in session at the time of the explosion and there were people inside, but no one was injured. The surrounding streets have been cordoned off and forensic teams are examining the scene. The second explosion occurred at the Waterfoot Hotel on Muckross Road. The hotel was evacuated prior to the explosion and no one was injured. The hotel's management released a statement, saying "The safety and security of our guests and staff is our top priority and we are deeply shocked and saddened by this senseless act of violence." The bombings are the latest in a string of incidents in Northern Ireland, which has seen an increase in violence in recent months. Political tensions in Northern Ireland have been heightened by Brexit, and many fear that a return to violence may be on the horizon. However, politicians from all parties in Northern Ireland have condemned these latest bombings and have called for calm and unity. The police are urging anyone with information to come forward and are asking the public to remain vigilant. The investigation into the bombings is ongoing, and police have said that they are following a number of lines of inquiry.