article: Jose Mourinho is to contest his FA misconduct charge when he makes a formal submission to the governing body before Tuesday’s 6pm deadline. The Chelsea manager was charged after claiming there is a ‘campaign’ against the Barclays Premier League leaders when they were denied a penalty in the 1-1 draw at Southampton on December 28. Mourinho, who has generally toned down his comments since his return to English football, has the full support of the club in his case. Jose Mourinho was charged by the FA for saying that there was a campaign against Chelsea . Mourinho (right) talks to his support staff after Cesc Fabregas was booked for diving against Southampton . The Chelsea manager can make representations to the FA disciplinary commission by way of mitigation, but it appears he is most likely to highlight his concerns by requesting a personal hearing. It is understood Mourinho will put together video evidence to support his claim that match officials are failing to award his team key decisions in matches. Mourinho lost control at St Mary’s when referee Anthony Taylor booked Cesc Fabregas for simulation when the Spaniard appeared to be fouled by Southampton defender Matt Targett. At the time he said: ‘There is a campaign against Chelsea. I don't know why there is this campaign and I do not care. Everybody knows it was a penalty.’ Cesc Fabregas is shocked after being denied a penalty and is instead booked for simulation . Fabregas appears to be brought down by Southampton's Matt Targett during the match at St Mary's . Since the charge he has taken a vow of silence and refused to speak with the media ahead of Saturday’s 2-0 victory over Newcastle United at Stamford Bridge. The Chelsea chief sent his assistant coach Steve Holland instead, and it was his deputy who again spoke to the media after the win over John Carver’s Magpies side. An FA statement released last week said: ‘It is alleged his remarks constitute improper conduct in that they allege and/or imply bias on the part of a referee or referees and/or bring the game into disrepute.’ Mourinho has already been issued with a formal warning following his demand for a ‘strong referee’ ahead of Chelsea's 2-0 win at Stoke City on December 22. Chelsea beat Newcastle United 2-0 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday but Mourinho did not face the media . Assistant manager Steve Holland stepped in for Mourinho at Chelsea's press conference on Friday .
highlights: Jose Mourinho was given a misconduct charge by the FA last week . He was charged after claiming a 'campaign' exists against his Chelsea side . Cesc Fabregas was shown a yellow card for simulation instead of being awarded a penalty after going down against Southampton . Mourinho has until 6pm on Tuesday to formally respond to charge . He is expected to use video evidence to support his claims . Click here for more Chelsea news .
id: a787ddefb7b0fd82e393e6c64cf378d0dbae3996
chatgpt: Last week, Jose Mourinho, the manager of Chelsea FC, was given a misconduct charge by the Football Association (FA). This comes after he claimed that there was a "campaign" being carried out against his team. Mourinho's charges stem from his post-match comments following Chelsea's 1-3 loss against Southampton on Saturday, October 3rd. During the game, Chelsea midfielder Cesc Fabregas was shown a yellow card for simulation after he was brought down inside the penalty box. Mourinho claimed that it was a clear penalty and that his team was not getting the same calls that other Premier League teams were receiving. He further suggested that there was a "campaign" being carried out to tarnish Chelsea's reputation. The FA has charged Mourinho with misconduct under Rule E3(1) for his post-match comments. He was given until 6 pm on Tuesday, October 13th, to formally respond to the charges. It is expected that Mourinho will use video evidence to support his claims. This is not the first time that Mourinho has landed in trouble with the FA. In the 2014-15 season, he was charged with misconduct on two separate occasions, which led to him being banned from the touchline for the FA Cup quarter-final tie against Bradford City. Chelsea is currently enduring a difficult start to the 2015-16 season. The defending champions have won only two of their first eight Premier League matches, leaving them in 16th place in the table. There have been rumors of a rift between Mourinho and some of his players, which has resulted in some poor performances on the pitch. Chelsea fans will be hoping that the situation improves soon, as they look to defend their Premier League title. In the meantime, Mourinho will be focusing on preparing for Chelsea's upcoming matches, while also responding to the FA charges. This is a developing story, and we will bring you updates as they come in. Stay tuned to our website for more Chelsea news, including analysis of Mourinho's response to the charges, his team's performance on the pitch, and the ongoing rumors of a dressing room rift.