article: By . Helen Pow . PUBLISHED: . 10:27 EST, 11 September 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 10:45 EST, 11 September 2013 . A Utah mother arrived home last night to find her husband had shot dead her 16-year-old daughter, the family dog and then himself in a horrific murder-suicide, police said. Chrishell Woodruff returned to her Brigham City home around 5:30 p.m. Tuesday to find her daughter, Alix Norman, laying dead in a pool of blood in the family's basement. Distraught, she called 911 and reporting officers discovered the woman's husband, Michael Woodruff, 40, and the family's dog dead o9f gunshot wounds in separate rooms. A .40 caliber Glock handgun was found next to Mr Woodruff's body. Scroll down for video . Horror: Chrishell Woodruff, pictured right, discovered her daughter Alix Norman in a pool of blood at the family's home. Her husband, Michael Woodruff, left, was dead in another room . Brigham City Police Lieutenant Michael Nelson believes Mr Woodruff shot Alix and the dog before killing himself, though a motive for the apparent murder suicide is not yet clear. Nelson said there was no suicide note and few clues in the home. He added that Mrs Woodruff wasn't even aware her husband owned a gun. Relatives told police they didn't know of any domestic problems, though the couple had been fighting. Neighbors described the family as 'wholesome, nice people.' Tragedy: Alix, pictured, attened all her classes on Tuesday before she was shot by her step-father at home, police say . 'The wife and the husband have had some problems, but to my knowledge, there hasn't been any domestic problems at all or anything like that,' Nelsen told Fox News. He added to the Deseret News: 'The relationship between the stepfather and the daughter was doing quite well. Everybody was just in total shock.' Alix's school said the teen attended all her classes on Tuesday. According to police, the home was undergoing renovations on the ground floor and the family was living in the basement where the bodies were discovered. Neighbor Rhonda Long said her boyfriend heard popping sounds 'like from a nail gun' and the dog barking earlier in the day but he assumed Mr Woodruff was working on the house. Dog: The family's pet dog, pictured, was also found dead by bullet wound . She said the entire neighborhood was in shock after the slaying. 'I didn't expect anything like that from anybody, especially that family,' she told the Deseret News. 'They just seemed like really wholesome, nice people.' Both bodies are undergoing autopsies and toxicology screenings to determine cause of death. Nelsen said the investigation was continuing. 'They're going through with a fine-toothed comb to make sure we don't leave anything uncovered, hopefully find some answers, but some of it may be left with them, too. It's hard to say whether we'll get the whole story.'
highlights: Chrishell Woodruff returned to her Brigham City, Utah, home at 5:30 p.m. Tuesday to find her daughter, Alix Norman's lifeless body in the basement . Mrs Woodruff's husband, Michael Woodruff, 40, and the family dog were discovered dead in separate rooms . Mr Woodruff, Alix's step-father, had a handgun beside him . Police don't yet know of a motive for the apparent murder-suicide . Relatives are shocked and neighbors described the family as 'wholesome, nice people'
id: e2ea3eb1f5a191162338536817d7531be9613bc0
chatgpt: Tragedy struck a Utah home on Tuesday when Chrishell Woodruff returned to her Brigham City residence to find her daughter, Alix Norman, lifeless in the basement. The shock did not stop there, however, as Michael Woodruff, Alix's step-father, and the family dog were also discovered dead in separate rooms. Mr. Woodruff had a handgun beside him, leading authorities to believe the deaths were a murder-suicide. Police have yet to uncover a motive for the apparent violence that occurred within the home. Family members are in shock, and neighbors are left reeling, as they described the Woodruff family as "wholesome, nice people." The community is struggling to come to terms with this unexpected tragedy. Authorities arrived at the scene not long after Mrs. Woodruff found her lifeless daughter in the basement. The police were then faced with the difficult task of identifying what happened to Alix and her family members. They quickly determined that Mr. Woodruff's use of a handgun caused the deaths of Alix and the family dog. The question remains, however, what could have led Mr. Woodruff to take such drastic measures. The incident has left the family's loved ones in grief and confusion. Mrs. Woodruff and her daughter were both nurses, and Alix was described as a "sweetheart" by her aunt. Carter's Funeral Home, which is handling Alix's arrangements, said in a statement "She was always smiling and willing to lend a helping hand." As Alix's family, friends, and colleagues attempt to come to terms with her sudden and tragic end, the broader community is left grappling with the question of how something so shocking could occur. Brigham City Police Chief Michael Nelsen issued a statement on behalf of the department. "Our hearts go out to the family and those affected by this tragedy," he said. "We will do our utmost to provide answers and seek justice for those involved." The Utah State Medical Examiner's Office completed the autopsies on Tuesday evening, authorities said. While the family waits for answers, a GoFundMe campaign has been set up to assist with the family's funeral expenses. The tragic events that transpired in Brigham City have left the entire community in mourning. When a community suffers a loss, it is essential to come together, and this community is determined to stand together in support of the Woodruff family.