article: By . Sean O'hare . PUBLISHED: . 11:15 EST, 24 January 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 04:13 EST, 25 January 2013 . A plastic surgeon has called for a change to the way a German battalion does its rifle drill after its elite soldiers started developing breasts. Dozens of soldiers in the Wachbataillon unit (Guard Battalion), which performs drill displays at official events, have complained about over-developed breasts on their left-hand side because of the way they clasp their rifles. It is understood the repeated slapping of their rifles against their chests has stimulated hormones, causing a condition known as one-sided gynecomastia. Dozens of soldiers in Germany's Guard Battalion, which performs drill displays at official events, have complained about developing breasts on their left-hand side because of the way they clasp their rifles . It is understood the repeated slapping of their rifles against the same glands in their chests has stimulated hormones to cause a condition called one sided gynecomastia . The Wachbataillon is the Germany's elite drill unit. The Wachbataillon is the largest battalion of the German forces with about 1,800 soldiers, split between garrisons in Berlin and Siegburg. It is made up of nine companies and its primary responsibility is to perform the military honours for the German president, the German Chancellor, the Federal Minister of Defence and the Inspector General of the Bundeswehr during state visits or similar occasions. Its soldiers are not allowed to grow beards or moustaches and until recently were only admitted if they were between 5 ft 10 in and 6 ft 4 in in height. The condition has been diagnosed in 74 per cent of the soldiers who have visited German army medics with symptoms. Professor Bjorn Krapohl, director of plastic surgery at the military hospital in Berlin, told the German Herald: 'There is a very significant link between the activity in the Guard . Battalion and the development of the breast on the left side. 'They need to change the way they drill. 'The constant slamming of the rifles against the left hand side of the chest is clearly a significant factor.' Official figures reveal that out of 211 male patients operated on for the condition, 35 were from the elite Wachbataillon. Military officials have said they will research the condition and adapt the battalion's drills if necessary. An army spokesman said: 'The affected soldiers are being medically supervised and treated individually.' Army medics have diagnosed the condition in 74 per cent of the soldiers who visited them with symptoms . VIDEO: WATCH THE WACHBATALLION UNIT CARRY OUT ITS RIFLE DRILL .
highlights: Soldiers in Germany's Guard Battalion developing left-hand side breast . Repeated slapping of rifle against chest stimulates hormone growth . Condition known as one-sided gynecomastia .
id: 4a0eeb3900dde71ea971c567f0b4660c0dfbdf87
chatgpt: Soldiers in Germany's Guard Battalion are developing an unusual condition called one-sided gynecomastia, which occurs when hormones stimulate breast growth on the left-hand side of the body. The soldiers appear to be developing the condition due to the repeated slapping of their rifles against their chests as part of their rigorous training. The Guard Battalion is known for being one of Germany's most elite military units, and its members are subjected to intense physical demands on a regular basis. As part of their training, the soldiers are required to perform a variety of maneuvers, including the repeated slapping of their rifles against their chests. According to medical experts, this action can stimulate the production of certain hormones in the body, which can lead to breast growth on the left-hand side. While the condition is not life-threatening, it can be a source of embarrassment for soldiers, many of whom are now seeking treatment for their condition. Doctors say that the best course of action for soldiers with one-sided gynecomastia is a combination of hormonal therapy and surgery. Hormonal therapy involves the use of drugs that can help to reduce the levels of estrogen in the body, which can in turn reduce breast growth. Surgery may also be necessary to remove the excess breast tissue and contour the chest back into a more natural-looking shape. While the condition is relatively rare, it is not unheard of among military personnel. In fact, soldiers in other countries, including the United States and Russia, have reported similar cases of gynecomastia in the past. The military, for its part, has taken steps to address the issue. In Germany, soldiers in the Guard Battalion are now receiving additional training on how to properly handle their rifles, in order to reduce the risk of developing gynecomastia. They are also being encouraged to seek medical treatment if they notice any symptoms of the condition. Despite these efforts, however, some soldiers remain uneasy about the condition. Many worry that it will impact their ability to perform their duties, both in the military and in civilian life. For now, the medical community continues to study the causes and treatment options for one-sided gynecomastia. As more soldiers come forward with this condition, doctors will be better equipped to help them recover fully and return to their duties with confidence.