article: A child dubbed 'turtle boy' because of a giant mole that covered his back like a shell, can now live a normal life thanks to a British surgeon. Didier Montalvo, six, from Colombia, had the rare condition Congenital Melanocytic Nevus. There was a chance the growth could turn malignant but Didier's mother Luz could not raise the money for the operation. Didier looks in wonder after his giant mole is removed from his back (pictured right) The family were also ostracised from their rural village as the superstitious residents said Didier's condition was due to being conceived during an eclipse. They feared he was touched by evil forces which meant he could not attend school or be baptised. 'I want to grow up,' Didier said. 'But the mole won't let me.' But thanks to leading plastic surgeon Neil Bulstrode, who operated on him  free after hearing of his plight, Didier can now grow up as any other child. The story will be told tonight as part of Channel 4's Bodyshock documentary series. Mr Bulstrode removes the growth during surgery in Colombia . Didier and his family was ostracised by their village due to his condition . Mr Bulstrode flew to the Colombian capital Bogotá to help a team of surgeons remove Didier’s birthmark, which had grown so big that it was feared it could become malignant. The doctors then had to carry out a complicated series of skin grafts over several stages. Mr Bulstrode told the Evening Standard: 'Didier’s was the worst case I had ever seen. Effectively three quarters of the circumference of his body was affected. 'Obviously he has had to go through a number of painful operations, but we feel it was worth it. It’s great to see the photos of how Didier is getting on now. I’m really happy with how things have healed.' Smiling again: Didier says he can 'grow up' now his mole has gone . Mr Bulstrode is an expert in treating patients like Didier, who suffer from the rare condition. The cause is not known but experts think there is a change in the development of skin cells in the embryo triggered by a gene mutation. Mr Bulstrode, who carries out about 40 CMN removals a year on patients at Great Ormond Street, said that working with the team in Bogotá had been an amazing experience. Turtle Boy will be broadcast at 10pm on Channel 4 tonight .
highlights: Villagers ostracised Didier and his family because they feared dark forces were at work . British surgeon says Didier's condition was the most extreme case he had ever seen .
id: 72311a39cd336d69583a5bab989d09c1ad955551
chatgpt: Didier and his family, residents of a small village in central Africa, were recently ostracized and forced to flee their home. The reason for their banishment? The villagers believed that dark forces were at work within the family, specifically affecting Didier. According to reports, Didier suffered from a rare condition that caused his entire body to be covered in large, elephant-like growths. British surgeon, Dr. David Morley, who recently operated on the 22-year-old, stated that it was "the most extreme case of neurofibromatosis that I have ever seen." Despite the rarity and severity of his condition, Didier's community shunned him and his family, fearing that they were under the influence of some dark power. They believed that Didier's ailment was the result of a curse or an evil spell and that it could spread to other residents if they did not act quickly. As a result, Didier's family was forced to flee their home and take refuge in a nearby forest. They were left with no choice but to abandon their home and all their possessions due to the fear-driven actions of their community. However, help finally arrived in the form of Dr. Morley, who flew to Africa to offer his expertise and perform surgery on Didier. The operation was a success, and Didier's growths were successfully removed. After the operation, Didier expressed his appreciation and stated that his condition had left him feeling like a prisoner in his own body. The incident highlights the fear and superstition that can still exist in small, isolated communities. It also underscores the importance of education, particularly in regards to medical and scientific knowledge. Had Didier's community members been aware of the medical condition he was suffering from, they may not have taken such drastic and misguided action. Dr. Morley, who has worked with many patients suffering from neurofibromatosis, notes that the condition is in fact, genetic and not the result of any supernatural or occult influence. He hopes that this successful surgery will bring awareness to the condition and help to destigmatize those who suffer from it. The ostracization and mistreatment of Didier and his family are a sobering reminder of the importance of knowledge and understanding in combating fear and superstition. The medical community must continue to work towards educating individuals and communities about rare conditions such as neurofibromatosis to prevent such incidents in the future.