article: By . Matt Chorley, Mailonline Political Editor . PUBLISHED: . 06:04 EST, 10 July 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 07:44 EST, 10 July 2013 . Cuppa: Downing Street said it had been unable to boil the kettle after being told not to turn on the taps in Number 10 . David Cameron had to go without his afternoon cuppa while MPs were forced to cross their legs as Parliament’s toilets were shut after Whitehall’s water supply was cut off. A blunder by workmen saw a hole cut in an 18-inch water pipe serving government departments, the House of Commons and Wellington Barracks as temperatures soared to almost 30 degrees. Hundreds of gallons of water surged into the road near Buckingham Palace, although royal insiders insisted their supply was unaffected. Civil servants working in Whitehall were told not to turn on taps as supplies dried up yesterday afternoon. It left the Prime Minister and his team unable to have a brew. A Downing Street spokesman said: ‘Number 10 had no water for at least two hours and the Cabinet Office at 70 Whitehall was also affected. ‘It meant that obviously we were unable to make a cup of tea or have a drink of water, but I think it was resolved fairly promptly.’ Supplies were affected for five hours until around 7pm, leaving some MPs forced to take refuge in Parliament's bars in search of refreshment. Tory party vice-chairman Michael Fabricant revealed on Twitter that there was a parliamentary ‘crisis in the loo department’. He added: Nearly all House of Commons loos closed owing to burst water main in Whitehall. #constipated.’ It is thought gas engineers cut through the water main in Birdcage Walk, close to the Buckingham Palace. A Palace spokeswoman said: ‘Our supplies were unaffected.’ Grim~: Tory MP Michael Fabricant revealed the realities of the water shortage in Parliament . Scorching: Water supplies were cut off as temperatures in Westminster soared to almost 30 degrees . However, the authorities are calling for an investigation to ensure there is not a repeat of the fiasco. Councillor Ed Argar, Westminster council's cabinet member for city management, said: ‘We want assurances from both utility companies involved that they will work around the clock to fix this as quickly as possible and to the highest standards. ‘Our businesses, residents and visitors cannot afford to have roads closed to traffic in the centre of London and major Government departments cannot be left without water.’ A spokesman for Thames Water said: ‘Our engineers were on the scene immediately. ‘We are now working to fix the damaged pipe, and restore normal service to all affected customers by re-routing water from other parts of our network.’
highlights: Gas contractors cut through 18-inch water main in central London . Toilets closed in Parliament and Number 10 unable to boil the kettle . However Buckingham Palace says its supplies were unaffected .
id: 47e26c9dd100c63603544bc8cfbcc93c81c7dcae
chatgpt: A major water disruption occurred in central London today after gas contractors accidentally cut through an 18-inch water main. The incident, which took place near Westminster, caused widespread damage to local infrastructure, leading to the temporary closure of Parliament's toilets and rendering the kitchens at Number 10 unable to boil water. However, Buckingham Palace claims its supplies were unaffected. The incident occurred early this morning when gas contractors were carrying out excavation works near the intersection of Bridge Street and Victoria Embankment. The workers were reportedly using a pneumatic drill to break through concrete when the drill bit struck a water main that had not been marked on their plans. The ensuing water surge caused significant flooding in the area and disrupted water supplies to numerous buildings. As a result of the incident, toilets in Parliament were temporarily closed while repairs were carried out. A spokesperson for the parliamentary estate confirmed that the damage caused by the water main rupture had affected multiple areas of the building, including the Westminster Hall, the Speaker's House, and the Norman Shaw North and South buildings. They added that "repairs were underway and we hope to have the affected areas back to operational status as soon as possible." News of the water disruption also emerged from Downing Street, where the kitchens were left without a source of hot water. A spokesperson for the Prime Minister's office confirmed that as a result, staff were unable to boil the kettle or prepare hot beverages for some time. They added, however, that "we have now restored supplies and are working to remedy any other issues caused by the disruption." One notable location unscathed by the water disruption was Buckingham Palace, the Queen's official residence in London. Despite the property's location in close proximity to the incident, a spokesperson for the Palace confirmed that its supplies had remained uninterrupted. They added that "Buckingham Palace operates an independent water supply, which was unaffected by the disruption caused by the gas contractors." The incident has raised questions once again about the need for more robust planning and communication between different types of contractors working on infrastructure projects. Speaking to reporters, a spokesperson for Thames Water, the local utility company, said the incident highlighted the need for greater cooperation between gas and water contractors to better coordinate works and avoid accidents. They added that "we are evaluating the damage caused by this incident and will be working with the gas contractors involved to ensure that lessons are learned and that incidents like this are avoided in the future." In the meantime, local residents and businesses have been advised to conserve water wherever possible until supplies are fully restored. officials also urge caution and attention to any warning signs on repair sites to avoid such incidents that would lead to severe damage to local infrastructure.