article: (Mashable) -- Facebook plans to roll out a major redesign of user profiles at its f8 developer conference this week, Mashable has learned. Details about the redesign are sparse, but two sources familiar with Facebook's plans (who have asked to remain anonymous) have told us that the redesign is "major" and will make Facebook profiles nexuses for consuming content. The profile changes will be part of a wider launch, one that will include launch of a music and media platform. Here's what we know so far about the profile redesign: . -- The redesigned profiles will be more "sticky," says one source. One of the goals of the new profiles is to get users to stay on them for longer. -- We already knew Facebook is launching a media platform at f8. However, we've also learned that the platform -- which will include music and video from partner sites -- will display the media content a user is watching or listening to on their profiles. Essentially, when you're listening to Lady Gaga on Spotify, your friends can see and access that on your Facebook profile. This confirms a recent New York Times report. -- The redesigned profiles are part of a larger push into social ecommerce. We don't exactly know what that means, but we've heard whispers that Facebook intends to give Facebook Credits more prominence. We've also heard that a Facebook app store may emerge at f8. -- Facebook's push into ecommerce may be related Project Spartan, an HTML5-based mobile platform rumored to be launching soon. Facebook is being tight-lipped about the changes; the company declined to comment on this story. However, more and more pieces of Facebook's big launch continue to leak out as the excitement builds for f8 (feel free to send us screenshots if you have any) The company is currently under lockdown, trying to fix the final bugs before Thursday's big launch. What do you think Facebook will launch on Thursday? Let us know in the comments. See the original article on Mashable.com . © 2011 MASHABLE.com. All rights reserved.
highlights: Profile changes will be part of a wider launch that will include a music and media platform . Platform will display the media content a user is watching or listening to on their profile . We've heard whispers that Facebook intends to give Facebook Credits more prominence .
id: 18e466948dd7abab9b5b9a7582992cb8c651bec3
chatgpt: Facebook is set to make profile changes, as it gears up for a major launch that includes a music and media platform. The new platform will allow users to showcase the media they're consuming on their profiles, providing a new way for friends and family to connect over shared interests. The new media platform has been hotly anticipated, but sources suggest Facebook will have more up its sleeve than just a way to share music and TV shows. Rumours suggest Facebook intends to give greater prominence to Facebook Credits, their digital currency, as users will be able to use it to pay for subscriptions to the new platform. Facebook Credits were first introduced in 2011 as a way to pay for virtual goods and services within games and other apps on the platform. The currency can be bought with real money, and then spent on in-app purchases. Facebook has since expanded its use, and users can use Facebook Credits to donate to nonprofits and pay for advertisements. Facebook has never struggled to monetise its platform, but the expansion of Credits suggests new opportunities for the social media giant to generate revenue. Facebook has previously experimented with various forms of advertising, including sponsored posts and paid content. However, this latest move could provide a more reliable source of revenue and enable Facebook to better compete with the likes of YouTube and Spotify. The media platform launch comes at a time where Facebook's mission is to connect people with their interests, and the feature reflects this. The platform will allow users to add the music and media they're engaging with to their profile, creating a more personalised experience for users. There has been speculation that Facebook is also exploring the possibility of integrating VR technology into the platform, although this is yet to be confirmed. Facebook already boasts over 2.32 billion monthly active users, with many of those users consuming music and media content on a daily basis. The new platform and its integration with Facebook Credits has the potential to revolutionise how users access and pay for their favourite content, making it easier to share and discover new media while also generating revenue for Facebook. The expansion of Facebook's platform will also provide new opportunities for businesses and content creators to reach new audiences, providing valuable exposure and driving growth.