article: New York (CNN) -- New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg on Tuesday fired back at the president of Yale University and others who have suggested city police went too far in their surveillance of Muslims. "We have to keep this country safe," the mayor told reporters, addressing questions about an Associated Press report that said the NYPD was closely monitoring Muslim student associations in schools across the Northeastern United States. "If people put things on websites and make them available to everybody, of course the NYPD is going to look at anything that's publicly available in the public domain," Bloomberg said. "And given we've had a dozen people arrested or convicted of terrorist acts who've come from similar organizations, we have an obligation to do so." The AP article said police have tracked websites, and on one occasion sent an undercover officer with students from The City College of New York on a whitewater rafting trip. "The police department goes where there are allegations," the mayor said, adding that the city's officers are seeking to protect "the very things that allow Yale to survive." But Yale President Richard Levin described New York's surveillance program as "antithetical to the values" of the New Haven, Connecticut, university and those of the nation. When asked by a reporter if police had gone too far by sending the agent on the rafting trip, Bloomberg responded "no." Police spokesman Paul Browne told CNN that his agency does not monitor students directly, but confirmed it does monitor the websites they use. "In any case where you see an NYPD officer present, it's an indication that we were looking at an individual," he said. Browne accused the AP of "hyping these stories" to sensationalize them. He provided a list of 12 people arrested or convicted on terrorism-related charges in the United States who were once members of Muslim student associations. The Columbia University Muslim Students Association condemned the police practice in a statement Tuesday. "We are concerned that news reports about NYPD's presence on our campus have a chilling effect on the intellectual freedom necessary for a vibrant academic community," it read. In December, a prominent group of Muslim leaders boycotted Bloomberg's annual interfaith breakfast in protest of the controversial program. The move stemmed from a series of earlier news reports that raised questions about the nature of a CIA partnership with the NYPD that allegedly helped to build city intelligence programs to spy on Muslims. The boycott stood in a stark contrast to the goodwill the mayor earned among Muslim leaders when he defended plans for a controversial Islamic community center near the former site of the World Trade Center in Lower Manhattan. The CIA later announced its internal watchdog found no issue or evidence of wrongdoing in the spy agency's partnership with the NYPD.
highlights: The mayor addresses an AP report that said police monitored Muslims at various schools . Yale's president describes the program as "antithetical to the values" of the university . "We have to keep this country safe," Bloomberg tells reporters .
id: 95a7d5a7cbf21f67149b3379c319f5a6fd1c0909
chatgpt: New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg made a statement regarding a recent Associated Press report that revealed the New York City Police Department had monitored Muslim students at various schools in the area. The report caused a stir among civil liberties advocates and some members of the Muslim community who felt their rights were being violated. In response to the report, Yale University President Richard Levin released a statement condemning the NYPD's actions as "antithetical to the values that we at Yale hold dear." Levin's condemnation of the program highlighted the growing concerns over the legality and morality of such programs. The NYPD's monitoring of students at schools such as Yale represents an alarming extension of the department's controversial surveillance practices, which have come under scrutiny in the wake of the 9/11 terrorist attacks. Critics charge that such practices are discriminatory and unconstitutional, and are often based solely on ethnic and religious profiling. While some argue that such practices are necessary for national security, Bloomberg defended the NYPD's actions, stating, "We have to keep this country safe." The mayor went on to say that the NYPD's actions were "within the law" and that the department did not target individuals based on race or religion. However, civil liberties advocates argue that the NYPD's actions were not only unethical, but also ineffective. According to the AP report, the program did not result in any leads on potential terrorist activity. Instead, it created an environment of fear and mistrust among students and parents alike. The controversy surrounding the NYPD's monitoring of Muslim students is just the latest in a series of incidents that have raised concerns over the balance between national security and civil liberties. Critics argue that such programs erode the very values that make America great, and that they undermine the very principles that the country was founded on. Despite the controversy, Bloomberg stands by the NYPD's actions, stating that the department would continue to use all available resources to protect the city from potential terrorist threats. However, critics argue that such programs only serve to undermine the very values that they claim to protect, and that they create an environment of fear that is antithetical to the principles of freedom and democracy. The debate over the NYPD's actions will no doubt continue, with both sides passionately defending their positions. However, what is clear is that the controversy has reignited a national conversation over the balance between national security and civil liberties, and that the issues at stake are too important to ignore. As the country continues to grapple with the challenges of terrorism and the need for security, it is up to all Americans to find a way to protect our freedoms while also protecting our nation.