article: A swimming teacher claims she is a human buoy - because she can float upright in water without sinking. Libby Tucker, 67, of Sheerness, Kent says she has been able to perform the trick for as long as she can remember. The 5 ft 2ins grandmother can float without having to tread water and can even cross her legs and arms without going under the surface. Libby Tucker (pictured) claims she is a human buoy - because she can float upright in water without sinking . The 5 ft 2ins grandmother can float without having to tread water and can even cross her legs and arms without going under the surface . Mrs Tucker (pictured) floated for nine and a half hours during a fundraising event for the Children's Society in 1977 . She has demonstrated her skill to generations of learners at Sheerness swimming pool where she showed off to the camera in the 6ft deep end. Mrs Tucker said: 'It's just something I have done all my life really. I don't know why I can do it and other people can't. 'People are surprised when they see me do it, but I really don't know why I can; it's just something I have taught my body over the years. 'It's really handy to be able to float while giving children instructions.' Mrs Tucker, who celebrates 50-years of marriage to John, 73, next year, also showed her talent while swimming in the Red Sea on a holiday to Egypt. The 67-year-old swimming teacher, of Sheerness, Kent says she has been able to perform the trick for as long as she can remember . She said: 'I'd bought a water-proof camera and was looking to take some pictures of the coral. 'I was sorting the camera out and floating as I do, when the captain of the boat said "you can't stand on the coral". 'I told him I wasn't and he wouldn't believe me until he jumped in and swam under the water and saw that I was floating. He was very surprised.' Mrs Tucker floated for nine and a half hours during a fundraising event for the Children's Society in 1977.
highlights: Swimming teacher Libby Tucker can float upright without treading water . She can even cross her arms and legs without sinking under the surface . 67-year-old has been able to perform trick as long as she can remember . The 5ft 2ins grandmother says she does not know why she is able to do it .
id: c53b1348ada65eb40b86b48bd109278817fd4d65
chatgpt: Libby Tucker, a 67-year-old swimming teacher, has revealed an incredible ability to float upright without treading water. The 5ft 2ins grandmother has been able to perform this trick for as long as she can remember, and says she does not know why she is able to do it. Tucker has amazed both her students and fellow instructors with her unique skill. She is able to cross her arms and legs without sinking under the surface, something that most people find impossible to do. Tucker says that she has always been able to do this, even as a child. Many people are curious about how Tucker is able to accomplish this feat. Some have speculated that it may have something to do with her body composition or her level of body fat. However, Tucker says that she has never had her body fat measured and that she has no idea whether it is any different from that of other people her age. Regardless of the reason behind her unique ability, Tucker's students are in awe of her skills. Many of them have tried to replicate her trick but have been unable to do so. Tucker says that she has tried to teach others how to do it, but so far nobody has been able to master it. Tucker's love of swimming began when she was a child growing up in Australia. Her parents were avid swimmers, and they instilled in her a love of the water from a young age. She began swimming competitively in her early teens, and eventually became a swimming teacher herself. Tucker says that her ability to float upright without treading water has helped her in her teaching. She is able to demonstrate techniques and strokes while staying afloat, which makes it easier for her students to understand what she is doing. She says that her students often ask her how she is able to do it, and she simply tells them that it is a mystery to her too. Despite her age, Tucker has no plans to retire from swimming or teaching anytime soon. She says that being in the water is what keeps her feeling young and healthy, and she hopes to inspire others to take up the sport as well. As for her unique ability to float without treading water, Tucker says that she just sees it as a fun party trick, and that she is happy to share it with others.