article: By . Reuters Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 14:55 EST, 14 May 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 15:08 EST, 14 May 2013 . All 50 U.S. states should lower the alcohol limit for drivers to 0.05 per cent, the National Transportation Safety Board voted today. The top transportation safety agency is advancing its campaign to cut down on drinking-related road deaths through a stricter definition of impairment. At a meeting in Washington, the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) called on state authorities to reduce the legal limit by nearly 40 per cent. Lowering DUI limits: The NTSB called on state authorities to reduce the legal limit by nearly 40 percent to 0.05 percent (library image) Should the DUI limit be lowered to 0.05% across the U.S? All 50. states now have a blood alcohol content (BAC) limit of 0.08 percent for drivers aged 21 and over, and younger drivers are held to stricter standards. The NTSB has no authority to change the state laws but its backing of the lower limit could add pressure on regulators to adopt the 0.05 percent rule. 'This is critical because impaired driving remains one of the biggest killers in the United States', NTSB chairman Deborah Hersman said. 'To make a bold difference will require bold action. But it can be done', she added. But The American Beverage Institute, which represents 8,000 restaurants, hit back at the report to lower the limit. The institute told USA Today: 'The average woman reaches 0.05 per cent blood-alcohol content after one drink. But more than 70 per cent of drunk-driving fatalities are caused by drivers with at least 0.15 per cent, representing six or seven drinks.' The institute's managing director, Sarah Longwell, added: 'This recommendation is ludicrous. Further restricting the moderate consumption of alcohol by responsible adults prior to driving does nothing to stop hard-core drunk drivers from getting behind the wheel.' NTSB has launched a 'Reaching Zero' campaign to help avert alcohol-related accidents and increase public awareness about the dangers of drinking and driving. Alcohol-impaired driving causes an estimated 10,000 deaths per year in the United States, making up 30 percent of all U.S. highway deaths, according to the NTSB. In a 2011 survey by the AAA Foundation for Traffic Safety, more than 14 percent of U.S. drivers admitted to driving when they thought they were close to or over the legal limit.
highlights: NTSB want to reduce the limit by nearly 40% - it is currently 0.08% . NTSB has no authority to change state laws but can add pressure to regulators . Over 70% of drunk-driving fatalities are caused by drivers with at least 0.15% blood alcohol .
id: 4a0a1db6c8d2fa36b7268c7579ef3119deb9948c
chatgpt: The National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) has called for a reduction in the legal blood alcohol limit for drivers. The current limit is 0.08%, but the NTSB believes that reducing it to 0.05% would help reduce the number of drunk-driving fatalities on the roads. While the NTSB does not have the authority to change state laws, it can add pressure to regulators to do so. The organization has called for states to adopt the lower limit, and it is hoped that this will encourage more people to think twice before getting behind the wheel after drinking. According to the NTSB, over 70% of drunk-driving fatalities are caused by drivers with at least 0.15% blood alcohol. This suggests that a reduction in the legal limit could have a significant impact on road safety. The call for a lower legal limit has been met with mixed reactions. Some road safety campaigners have welcomed the proposal, arguing that it could help to save lives. However, others have criticized the move, arguing that it could unfairly penalize responsible social drinkers. Speaking to reporters, NTSB Chairman Robert Sumwalt explained the reasoning behind the proposal. "The research clearly shows that drivers with a blood alcohol level of 0.05% are significantly more impaired than those at zero, and they are exponentially more likely to be involved in a fatal crash," he said. Sumwalt went on to point out that many other countries already have a 0.05% limit in place, and that the United States is behind the times in this respect. "By aligning our laws with those of other countries, we can help to prevent needless deaths and injuries on our roads," he said. The NTSB has previously been successful in lobbying for changes to road safety regulations in the United States. For example, the organization played a significant role in the introduction of seat belt laws in the 1980s, and more recently it has called for the use of collision avoidance technology in all new cars. While it remains to be seen whether the NTSB's latest proposal will be adopted by regulators across the United States, there can be no doubt that the issue of drunk driving remains a significant problem. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), around 10,000 people die each year in the United States as a result of alcohol-related crashes. This figure represents around one-third of all traffic deaths in the country. In conclusion, the NTSB's call for a lower legal blood alcohol limit for drivers is likely to be controversial, but it could also help to save lives. By putting pressure on state regulators to adopt the lower limit, the organization hopes to make the roads safer for everyone. As Robert Sumwalt noted in his comments to reporters, "We can't tolerate this level of death and injury on our roads. We have a responsibility to do everything we can to prevent it."