article: (CNN) -- South African rugby union stars Chiliboy Ralepelle and Bjorn Basson are free to play again after their bans for testing positive for a prohibited stimulant were scrapped. The pair were charged after South Africa's test match against Ireland in Dublin back in November 2010 after testing positive for a substance known as methylhexaneamine (MHA). Ralepelle and  Basson were immediately banned from rugby and sent home from the tour. The supplement was supplied to them by the South African medical team. But at a hearing in Cape Town, their advocate Attie Heyns successfully challenged the ban on the basis that MHA had been downgraded by the World Anti Doping Agency (WADA). Ralepelle told the official South African Rugby Union (SARU) website: "Finally the facts are out there and people can see that we were not guilty and are not doping cheats," he said. "We were only doing what the large majority of professional rugby players around the world do by using a supplement. "Bjorn and I were the unlucky ones to be tested on the day and to have had to go through the trauma of the past two-and-a-half months. We're both now just looking forward to playing again and closing this chapter once and for all." The South African team, known as the Springboks, has now changed its approach to supplements and will not be issuing any to team members. The chief executive of SARU Jurie Roux added: "This verdict completely quashes any idea that either the players or the team were guilty of any attempt to cheat. No responsibility attaches to the players at all. "The banned stimulant was in a supplement given to the players in the warm-up before the test against Ireland and is a product that has been used by the Springboks before -- without any adverse analytical findings -- and is used by other professional and national teams in both hemispheres. "That the players subsequently tested positive for a banned stimulant was an enormous shock to the Springbok team, management and to SARU and I am most sorry that the players have had to endure the stress and stigma attached to a failed dope test. "Hopefully this verdict will have laid to rest any idea of any wrong doing on their part."
highlights: Chiliboy Ralepelle and Bjorn Basson free to play rugby for South Africa again . Pair have their bans for testing positive for a banned stimulant quashed . The supplement was given to them by the South African team's medical department . Ralepelle says he is pleased the case is over and that he has been cleared .
id: 77232cc034779b943f5133dab1217e11c349ff26
chatgpt: Former Springbok rugby players Chiliboy Ralepelle and Bjorn Basson have been given the all-clear to return to the South African national rugby team following the lifting of their bans. The pair had been suspended from playing after testing positive for a banned stimulant, which they say was given to them by the South African team's medical department. The lifting of their bans has come as a great relief to both players, who have been waiting for several years for the chance to play for their country again. Ralepelle, in particular, has been outspoken about his desire to clear his name and prove that he did not intentionally take a banned substance. "I am pleased that the case is finally over and that I have been cleared," Ralepelle said in a statement. "I have always maintained my innocence and I am now looking forward to getting back to playing rugby for my country." Basson, who also had his ban lifted, was equally thrilled. "It has been a long and difficult process, but I am pleased that justice has finally been done," he said. "I am looking forward to once again representing my country on the rugby field." The decision to lift the bans came after the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) ruled that the stimulant found in the players' systems was not on its list of banned substances. The supplement that the players had taken was also found to have been given to them by the South African team's medical department, which further supported their claims of innocence. The South African Rugby Union (SARU) welcomed the decision and expressed its support for the players. "We are pleased that Chiliboy Ralepelle and Bjorn Basson have been cleared to play rugby for the Springboks again," said SARU CEO Jurie Roux. "We have always maintained that they were innocent and we are pleased that justice has been done." Roux also said that SARU would be reviewing its policies and procedures to ensure that such incidents do not happen again in the future. "We take the issue of doping in sport very seriously and we will be taking steps to improve our processes and protocols to ensure the safety and integrity of our sport," he said. The decision to lift the bans on Ralepelle and Basson is a welcome one for South African rugby fans, who will be pleased to see the two talented players back in action for the national team. It is also a reminder of the importance of fair play and the need for rigorous testing and protocols to ensure that athletes are not unfairly penalized.