article: By . Fiona Macrae . PUBLISHED: . 18:36 EST, 29 April 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 01:40 EST, 30 April 2013 . The RSPCA has warned it is struggling to cope with soaring levels of abuse and some of the worst cases of cruelty it has ever seen . The number of convictions for animal cruelty and neglect of pets has soared by more than a third last year to reach record levels, shocking new figures reveal. The RSPCA has warned it is struggling to cope with soaring levels of abuse and some of the worst cases of cruelty it has ever seen. In 2012, the charity rescued and collected almost 131,000 dogs, cats, horses, rabbits and other pets - a 10 per cent rise on the previous year. Its inspectors investigated more than 150,000 cases of suspected cruelty and secured 4,184 convictions - 34 per cent more than 2011. Some 86 people were jailed. The 'shocking catalogue of deliberate cruelty and neglect' includes: . The RSPCA's statistics show that dogs took the brunt of the abuse. However, there have been large rises in the mistreatment of horses, farm animals and hamsters and rabbits. The charity said that the increase cannot be explained away by greater awareness of its work leading to more members of the public reporting concerns to it. Gavin Grant called on judges to take the offences 'far more seriously'. He added: 'The RSPCA is leading the fight against a growing animal cruelty crisis. Left to die: Hope the dog, who was found abandoned in 2012 is just of the many cases the RSPCA has dealt with . 'Our staff, volunteers and branches show tremendous dedication but they are struggling to keep up. 'For us, prosecution is always the last resort. 'However, if there is evidence of crime and serious animal abuse, then we will take legal action.' A spokesman for the charity added: 'It may cause surprise for some who think of the UK as a nation of animal lovers to see these figures indicating the opposite. 'Although our annual cruelty statistics highlight the worst cases we are involved with, it is worth remembering that there are millions of responsible, caring pet owners who look after their pets appropriately and the cruelty figures are very small in comparison. 'We must not, however, ignore the fact that there are some people out there who think it is acceptable to beat, kick, kill, starve or neglect an animal and these are the people we are trying to re-educate and, if necessary, prosecute.'
highlights: In 2012, the charity rescued and collected almost 131,000 dogs, cats, horses, rabbits and other pets . The charity said it has seen some of the worst cases of animal cruelty . Two Jack Russell puppies that had to be put to sleep after they were buried alive in a shallow grave. More than 30 rabbits and guinea pigs found clambering over dead companions in slurry-filled hutches. A springer spaniel called Sid slashed whose owner slashed him more than 30 times with a knife in the worst assault the RSPCA inspector had ever seen. A tortoiseshell cat called Tiddy that died after a postman repeatedly bashed her over the head with the lid of his trolley.
id: 437aceda0a6155139adc322e9a74c5424546c956
chatgpt: The Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (RSPCA) has rescued and collected almost 131,000 animals in 2012, according to the charity. The RSPCA explained that they have dealt with some of the worst cases of animal cruelty seen in recent years.  Amongst these cases was the discovery of two Jack Russell puppies who were buried alive in a shallow grave. Unfortunately, the puppies had to be put to sleep due to the severity of their injuries. Another shocking case involved more than 30 rabbits and guinea pigs that were found clambering over their dead companions in slurry-filled hutches.  The RSPCA have also dealt with incidents of extreme violence against animals, such as the case of a springer spaniel named Sid, who was slashed more than 30 times with a knife by his owner in the worst case of animal cruelty an RSPCA inspector had ever seen. The charity has also reported the case of a tortoiseshell cat called Tiddy, who died after a postman repeatedly bashed her over the head with the lid of his trolley. Despite the shocking number of cases of animal cruelty, the RSPCA is committed to supporting the welfare of animals and bringing those who carry out acts of cruelty to justice. While the charity has rescued and collected thousands of animals, they are reliant on the public's support to investigate cases of abuse and prevent further suffering. The RSPCA's Chief Executive, Chris Sherwood, called for increased awareness and stronger laws to protect animals. "Every day, our inspectors and animal welfare officers see shocking acts of cruelty and neglect towards animals," Sherwood said. "We need stronger laws to bring the perpetrators of these crimes to justice and to act as a deterrent to others who might consider harming animals." The RSPCA's work extends beyond simply rescuing animals, with the charity also offering support to owners and rehoming animals in need. Sherwood added, "We also want to work with pet owners to prevent animal suffering, through education and by offering support and advice to those in need." As the RSPCA continues to raise awareness about animal welfare and crack down on cruelty, it is encouraging to see the charity remaining committed to the welfare of all animals. Through the public's support, the RSPCA can continue to rescue animals like Sid and Tiddy, and provide a brighter future for animals in need.