article: By . Helen Pow . PUBLISHED: . 09:53 EST, 26 February 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 12:53 EST, 26 February 2014 . A 3-year-old boy has been beaten to death and his mother's boyfriend, who fled into nearby woods following the incident, is in custody. Sheriff's deputies were called to a home in Georgia's Forsyth County at about 11 a.m. Tuesday and found the toddler, who neighbors identified as 'Wyatt,' unresponsive. Deputy Doug Rainwater said the mom's boyfriend fled into the woods behind the neighborhood after calling the child's mother to say something was wrong. Scroll down for video . Dead: The little boy, Wyatt, pictured, was killed TUesday . Chase: More than three dozen deputies used dogs to track a man, pictured being cuffed, who is a suspect in the death of a 3-year-old boy . The mother rushed home and immediately called 911, Rainwater told the Atlanta Journal-Constitution. The child was rushed to Northside Hospital-Forsyth but despite resuscitation attempts, he was pronounced dead. More than three dozen deputies used dogs to track the man into the woods and he was accosted just before 1:45 p.m. near the intersection of Georgia 369 and Georgia 400. He was taken into custody and Rainwater said investigators are questioning him and the mother, both of whom haven't been identified. Tragic: Young Wyatt was found unresponsive at his home, pictured, in Forsyth County in Georgia Tuesday . Police said the man is at this stage only considered a person of interest in the case. No details have been released about the child's cause of death. However, Rainwater said they do consider the death 'suspicious.' The neighborhood was in shock after the child's death, which came days after another local toddler was killed. 'It is very shocking,' Empress Ming told the Journal Constitution. 'I can't believe it.' Hunt: The mom's boyfriend, who hasn't been named, ran into the woods after telling the woman something was wrong with her son. Scores of police searched for hours for him . A vigil for the boy was held Tuesday night in the Bridgetowne subdivision where the boy and his mother lived. 'Everybody's out here out of love and concern,' neighbor Lakshmi Shri said. The tragic death comes after three-year-old Lela Bemis was suffocated by her mother, Meriel Bemis, on Sunday while the woman was arguing with her boyfriend. She was charged with felony murder but waived her first court appearance after confessing to her daughter's murder.
highlights: Sheriff's deputies were called to a home in Georgia's Forsyth County at 11 a.m. Tuesday and found the toddler, identified as 'Wyatt,' unresponsive . Police said the mom's boyfriend fled into the woods behind the neighborhood after calling the woman to say something was wrong . More than three dozen deputies used dogs to track the child's mom's boyfriend into the woods and he was accosted just before 1:45 p.m. He has not been identified and is only a person of interest in the case at this stage . The child was rushed to a nearby hospital where he was pronounced dead .
id: 23746243b0b5e265c4af4065e8cde3910a72c030
chatgpt: Tragedy struck in Forsyth County, Georgia on Tuesday when a toddler named Wyatt was found unresponsive by Sheriff's deputies who had been called to the home at 11 a.m. According to reports, the child's mother's boyfriend had fled the scene and disappeared into the woods after calling the woman to say that something was wrong. More than three dozen deputies were involved in a search party that used dogs to track down the elusive suspect, who was eventually apprehended around 1:45 p.m. The man has not been identified, and at this stage is only considered a person of interest in the case. Meanwhile, the child was rushed to a nearby hospital in a bid to receive medical attention. Tragically, he was pronounced dead soon after arrival. As news of the incident spread, shocked residents of Forsyth County gathered to offer their condolences to the family of the young boy. The details of the case remain unclear, and investigations are ongoing. It is unclear at this stage what may have led to the tragic death of this young boy. It is not known if he suffered from any underlying health conditions or if there were any other factors at play. Regardless of the circumstances, this tragedy serves as a stark reminder of the importance of keeping our children safe and protected at all times. While we may not always be able to prevent accidents from happening, we can take steps to ensure that our children are cared for and protected from harm. The Sheriff's department is urging anyone with information about the incident to come forward and assist in the investigation. They are also reminding residents to remain vigilant and report any suspicious activity in their area. As the investigation continues, the family of Wyatt are left to grieve the loss of their young child. Our thoughts are with them during this difficult time.