article: Dressed only in their underwear and provocatively holding weapons for the camera, they appear to be having a great time posing for photographs in their barracks room. But four Israeli female soldiers have now been disciplined by the country's military for their 'unbecoming behaviour' after the raunchy pictures were posted on Facebook. The images, published on Israeli news website Walla, showed the soldiers removing their fatigues to expose their underwear and backsides. Scroll down for video . In trouble: The images showed the soldiers removing their fatigues to expose their underwear and backsides . From behind: The photographed women were said to be new recruits stationed on a base in southern Israel . In another, five women posed in what . appeared to be a barracks room, dressed only in helmets and a small . amount of combat equipment. Walla, which blurred the faces of the women, said they were new recruits stationed on a base in southern Israel. The . incident is the latest in a string of episodes involving young Israeli . soldiers on social media that have drawn reprimand from the military. In . a statement, the military said the women had acted in a manner showing 'unbecoming behaviour' for Israeli soldiers, adding: 'The commanding officers disciplined the soldiers as they saw fitting.' The Israeli military said the soldiers were disciplined for 'unbecoming behaviour' after the pictures were posted online . The women posed in their underwear and combat fatigues in the images that were posted on Facebook . The statement did not identify the soldiers or give any details about the punishments. Military officials said the base conducted educational lectures to keep soldiers from repeating the offence. Several times in recent years, the Israeli military has disciplined soldiers for what were considered improper postings in social media sites. Last year, the social media chief for the Israel Defence Force was branded 'racist' after posting a picture on Facebook of his face covered in mud alongside the caption 'Obama style'. Lt. Sacha Dratwa faced a barrage of abuse for the picture, which appeared to show him swimming in the Dead Sea, and denied he was racist. A male Israeli soldier was also condemned after being filmed dancing suggestively around a blindfolded Palestinian woman in a video posted to YouTube in 2010. In 2010, this Israeli soldier was disciplined after posting a picture of her with a blindfolded man online . That incident followed the discovery of photos earlier that year showing a female soldier posing in front of Palestinian prisoners. The Israeli military banned soldiers from using social media sites while on base after the photographs came to light. The ban was an effort to prevent future embarrassing posts on social media. It remains unclear whether the ban is in effect. Early this year, another soldier was reprimanded for writing anti-Palestinian tweets and posting pictures to multiple social media services showing himself naked with a gun. Most Jewish Israeli men and women are required to serve in the military, starting at age 18.
highlights: Group of women are said to be new recruits based in southern Israel . Pictures show them dressed only in their underwear and combat fatigues . Israeli military said they were disciplined for their 'unbecoming behaviour' Latest in string of incidents with inappropriate images of Israeli soldiers .
id: f37c886c2fba6980e0ccb374f3e8fc964079eb7e
chatgpt: A group of new recruits to the Israeli military based in southern Israel have landed themselves in trouble after photos emerged of them in their underwear and combat fatigues. The Israeli military has confirmed that the women were disciplined for their "unbecoming behaviour". The photos first came to light on social media and have since gained widespread media attention in Israel. According to sources close to the matter, the women are believed to be fresh recruits to the military who were undergoing basic training in the Negev Desert. The images show the women posing in their underwear and military gear, with some of them holding weapons. One photograph shows a group of women posing in front of a military vehicle. The Israeli military has condemned the behaviour of the new recruits, describing it as "unacceptable and inappropriate". A spokesperson for the military said that an investigation had been launched and that the women involved had been disciplined. This is the latest in a string of incidents involving inappropriate images of Israeli soldiers. Last year, a female soldier sparked controversy after posting a photograph of herself dressed in only her underwear and carrying a firearm on social media. The photograph was widely shared and sparked outrage among many Israelis. Earlier this year, a video emerged on social media showing a group of Israeli soldiers dancing alongside Arab Bedouin women to the song "Kiki Challenge". The video was widely condemned and led to the dismissal of some of the soldiers involved. Israel has mandatory military service for both men and women, with women serving for two years and men serving for three. The Israeli military is known for being one of the most egalitarian in the world, with women making up around a third of its personnel. However, despite its progressive reputation, the military has been criticised in the past for gender discrimination and sexual harassment. In 2018, a report by the Israeli military ombudsman found that there had been a significant increase in sexual harassment complaints in the military over the previous year. The military has since said that it is taking steps to address the issue, including the appointment of a new ombudsman and increased training for personnel. The latest incident involving the new recruits is likely to raise further concerns about the culture within the Israeli military and the treatment of women. However, it remains to be seen whether it will lead to any significant changes or reforms. In the meantime, the Israeli military will be hoping to move on from this latest embarrassment and focus on its core mission of defending the country against external threats.