article: WASHINGTON (CNN)  -- President Obama on Tuesday left open the possibility of criminal prosecution for Bush administration officials who drew up the legal basis for interrogation techniques that many view as torture. President Obama says any congressional investigation should be conducted in a bipartisan fashion. Obama said it will be up to Attorney General Eric Holder to decide whether or not to prosecute the former officials. "With respect to those who formulated those legal decisions, I would say that is going to be more a decision for the attorney general within the parameter of various laws, and I don't want to prejudge that," Obama said during a meeting with Jordan's King Abdullah at the White House. "There's a host of very complicated issues involved there. As a general deal, I think we should be looking forward and not backward. "I do worry about this getting so politicized that we cannot function effectively, and it hampers our ability to carry out critical national security operations."  Watch as Obama says U.S. can be protected and live up to its ideals » . The president added that any congressional "accounting of what took place" should be done "in a bipartisan fashion outside of the typical hearing process that can sometimes break down ... entirely along party lines." It is important, he said, for the "American people to feel as if this is not being dealt with to provide one side or another political advantage." Obama's remarks came five days after the administration released four Bush-era memos detailing the use of terror interrogations such as waterboarding, a technique used to simulate drowning. One memo showed that CIA interrogators used waterboarding -- which Obama has called torture -- at least 266 times on two top al Qaeda suspects. Obama reiterated his belief that he did not think it is appropriate to prosecute those CIA officials and others who carried out the interrogations in question. "This has been a difficult chapter in our history and one of [my] tougher decisions," he added. The techniques listed in memos "reflected ... us losing our moral bearings." The president's apparent willingness to leave the door open to a prosecution of Bush officials seemed to contradict White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel, who indicated Sunday that the administration was opposed to such an action. Obama believes "that's not the place that we [should] go," Emanuel said on ABC's "This Week." "It's not a time to use our energy ... looking back [with] any sense of anger and retribution." On Monday, Obama asserted during a visit to CIA headquarters that he had released the documents primarily because of the "exceptional circumstances that surrounded these memos, particularly the fact that so much of the information was [already] public. ... The covert nature of the information had been compromised."
highlights: President: It's up to attorney general to decide about prosecution on interrogations . President Obama repeats belief that CIA officers shouldn't be prosecuted . "I do worry about this getting so politicized," president says . Administration has released Bush-era memos detailing use of terror interrogations .
id: f0851e85725f62ba505a8d62f48e9a9852489acc
chatgpt: President Obama has reiterated his belief that officers of the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) who were involved in controversial terror interrogations should not be prosecuted. In a recent briefing, the President also made clear that it was up to the Attorney General to determine whether or not to press charges against those responsible for conducting the interrogations.  "I do worry about this getting so politicized," the President said during a recent press conference. "At a time when our country is facing so many threats, we cannot afford to waste time and energy refighting old battles." The comments came in the wake of the release of Bush-era memos detailing the use of so-called "enhanced interrogation techniques" to extract information from suspected terrorists. The techniques, which included waterboarding and sleep deprivation, have been widely denounced as torture by human rights organizations and other critics. President Obama had previously said that he would not seek to prosecute CIA officers who acted within the framework of policies laid out by the Bush Administration. However, the President's comments at the recent briefing went further, indicating that he believes such prosecutions would be counterproductive. "We need to move forward, and I think that everybody understands that we cannot be looking backwards," the President said. "At the same time, we cannot simply sweep these issues under the rug. We need to be clear about what happened, and we need to take steps to make sure that it does not happen again." The Obama Administration has taken a number of steps to address concerns about the use of torture in interrogations. The President has banned the use of enhanced interrogation techniques by the CIA, and has ordered the closure of the Guantanamo Bay detention facility. However, some critics have argued that these steps do not go far enough. They point to the decision to release the memos detailing the interrogation methods as a sign that the Obama Administration is willing to embrace transparency and accountability. Others, however, have criticized the move, arguing that it could put national security at risk by revealing sensitive information to terrorists. They point to recent comments by former Vice President Dick Cheney, who has defended the use of the interrogation methods and criticized the Obama Administration's efforts to investigate them. Despite these criticisms, the Obama Administration remains committed to addressing the issue of torture in interrogations. The President's comments at the recent briefing suggest that he believes that prosecutions of CIA officers would only serve to distract from this larger goal. "We need to learn from our mistakes and move forward," the President said. "That is the only way we can ensure that our country remains strong and secure in the face of the many challenges we face."