article: Boiling water attack: A teenage boy poured boiling water over a schoolgirl's face after she un-friended him on Facebook just weeks before . A schoolgirl has suffered severe burns after an older boy poured boiling water over her face because she un-friended him on Facebook. The boy broke into the teenage girl’s house and locked her and her mother in a room before attacking the girl with a pot of boiling water in the city of Muzaffarpur in northern Bihar, India yesterday. Just weeks before the attack the girl had un-friended him on the social networking site because he starting posting strange comments on her Facebook wall. While he held the mother and daughter captive, he boiled some water in the kitchen then proceeded to pour it over the girl’s face. Police have now begun a manhunt for the boy, an intermediate student, who fled the scene. The pair became friends on Facebook about a year ago until early December when he started acting weirdly toward her on social media. The victim, an Indian class eight student, was taken to a local hospital for treatment. In another case of Facebook stalking, earlier this month handyman Jonathon Swift, 32, had his prison sentence for stalking his ex-girlfriend extended after he threatened to kill her in front of a judge. Swift, from Longton in Stoke-on-Trent, subjected Carrie-Ann Lockett, 29, to an eight-month campaign of harassment which saw him steal her clothes and set them on fire, send her hundreds of texts and log onto her Facebook account to look through her messages. The pair had been friends who met at school and struck up a relationship in February last year after they got back in touch through Facebook. On the run: Police have begun a manhunt to find the boy responsible for the attack in the city of Muzaffarpur in northern Bihar, India (pictured) which has left the girl in hospital .
highlights: The girl had de-friended him on Facebook just weeks before the attack . The teenage boy broke into her house and locked her and her mother in a room before attacking her . The pair had been friends on Facebook for about a year . He started writing strange messages on her wall so she de-friended him . The boy fled the scene and police have begun a manhunt for him .
id: 1d48aec888a72990fd7d9d98c9df7f0377263b86
chatgpt: A teenage girl and her mother were trapped in their own home by a boy who broke in, just weeks after the girl had de-friended him on Facebook. The incident, which occurred earlier this week, has shocked their small community. The girl and the boy had been friends on the social media platform for about a year before she decided to de-friend him. According to reports, he had started to write strange messages on her wall, causing her to feel uncomfortable and prompting her to cut ties with him. After being de-friended, the boy took his aggression to the next level. He reportedly broke into the girl's home and locked her and her mother in a room before attacking her. The mother and daughter were eventually able to free themselves and alert the authorities. The boy fled the scene before they arrived, and the police have since begun a manhunt for him. This terrifying incident serves as a reminder of the dangers that can lurk behind online interactions. It's important to be vigilant and to take action if you feel uncomfortable or threatened in any way. In response to the attack, the girl's family has urged others to take online safety seriously. They are calling on social media companies to do more to protect their users from bullying and harassment. Meanwhile, the boy remains at large and the police are urging anyone with information to come forward. They are also warning the public not to approach him, as he is considered to be dangerous. As the community continues to grapple with the aftermath of this disturbing incident, there is a sense of shock and disbelief. It serves as a sobering reminder that we must all be vigilant and take steps to protect ourselves from potential online predators.