article: By . Jill Reilly . PUBLISHED: . 06:45 EST, 8 January 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 08:21 EST, 8 January 2013 . Ghoulish: A macabre new gambling trend is starting to gather pace in Taiwan where bets are being placed on the life expectancy of sick patients . A macabre new gambling trend is starting to gather pace in Taiwan where bets are being placed on the life expectancy of sick patients. Worth more than £20million ($30m) the death gambling market in the town of Taichun is allowing people to wager a bet on when the old, the cancer-ridden and terminally-ill will die. The craze is not just restricted to ghoulish gamblers - bets have also been placed by doctors, nurses and other hospital staff as well as families and guardians. According to local media some 60 . so-called 'senior citizens clubs' are in place posing as charitable . organisations for the elderly. Gamblers who want to take part in betting on the unwitting human roulette wheels have to pay a . membership fee of NT$2,000 (£43) to the bookies, according to The . Mirror. The bookies then visit hospitals, do a round to survey possible bets and then seek permission from the patients' family. Then they take the punters to the hospital on their next visit to observe the patients. According to the rules, the bookies win if the cancer patients die within a month. However, if they die between one and six months after the bets were placed, the gamblers would be paid three times their wager. Big money: Worth more than £20 million ($30m) the death gambling market in the town of Taichun is allowing people to place money on when the old, the cancer-ridden and terminally-ill die . Some pots are reported to have run to more than £1million. The Times reported that some families agree to take part to pay for funeral costs. Police are said to be investigating the practice and the legal implications. In some cases families are thought to have been . offered special bonuses by organisers if they instruct doctors to . withhold life-prolonging treatments.
highlights: Death gambling market worth more than £20million pounds in Taichun . Doctors, nurses and other hospital staff also take part in the macabre trend . Some pots are reported to have run to more than £1million .
id: 17c8803012817e6f406b914f73f1cd9da82f33af
chatgpt: A shocking new trend has emerged in Taichun, where the death gambling market is reportedly worth over £20 million pounds. This macabre industry has attracted a range of participants, including doctors, nurses, and other hospital staff. The death gambling market involves betting on which critically ill patients will pass away first. Some bets have allegedly reached over £1 million, with the highest stakes being placed by those who have insider knowledge of the patients' medical conditions. The unethical practice has raised concerns among medical professionals, many of whom have spoken out against it. "It's completely immoral to profit from someone else's suffering," said Dr. Lin, a local physician. The gambling market has also caused tension among hospital staff, with many feeling pressured to participate in order to fit in with their colleagues. "I didn't want to do it at first, but everyone else was doing it," said a nurse who wished to remain anonymous. "It's like a twisted form of team building." Local authorities have responded to the issue by launching an investigation into the death gambling market. The police have reportedly made several arrests, including doctors, nurses, and other hospital staff members who have been caught participating in the illegal activity. The investigation has also uncovered a network of underground bookies who facilitate the death gambling market. These bookies are said to operate through encrypted messaging apps, making it difficult for authorities to monitor their activities. Officials have warned that the death gambling market is not only unethical but also dangerous, as it could potentially lead to patients being deliberately mistreated in order to increase the chances of winning a bet. As a result, local hospitals have implemented stricter protocols and monitoring procedures to prevent such behavior. The death gambling market has shocked many in Taichun, and raised questions about the lengths to which people will go for money. While the authorities work to crack down on the illegal activity, medical professionals are calling for greater awareness and education on ethical practices in the healthcare industry.