article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 21:04 EST, 29 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 21:05 EST, 29 December 2013 . Britain's biggest solar farm - large enough to power 11,000 homes - is to be built on the south coast after councillors approved the plans. The 200 acre site will be positioned between Waterlooville, Hants, and Fareham, Hants. The current largest solar farm in the UK is at Wymeswold Airfield in Leicestershire, Mids, at 150 acres. A New 200 acre solar farm is to be built in Hampshire, and is 50 acres larger than the current record holder . The plans, submitted by Hampshire's Southwick Estate, will see the loss of agricultural land, which has been farmed for three generations. But the scheme was given the go ahead by nine out of ten councillors on the Planning Development Control Committee at Winchester City Council. Councillor Therese Evans, who was the dissenting voice, said: 'I fear it will set a precedent because they are taking up so much of a farm. 'I feel you have to be very careful about setting a precedent for a lot of fields. 'There are three which are currently being used successfully for agricultural farming, and have been for generations. 'Although I see the importance of renewable energy, I do still think it is important to retain agriculture as much as possible where it's viable.' Pressure group the Campaign to Protect Rural England, also objected to the ambitious plans. The land has been farmed by the Cutler family for three generations. But current tenant farmer Neil Cutler said he supports the proposals and will work with the estate and solar farm providers to ensure its success. The family will also be compensated for the loss. Councillors in Hampshire approved the scheme despite the loss of of agricultural land which has been farmed for three generations (file picture) A consultation was held in August this year and the majority of the responses were also positive. Hampshire co-ordinator for Friends of the Earth Ray Cobbett welcomes the plans. He said: 'It is another step on the long road to sustainable energy resources in south Hampshire and we welcome it. 'A calculation has to be made as to the best use of the land and that is down to the landowner and the local planning authority.' Solar farm providers Hive Energy and Welborne Solar are supporting the plans. Hive Energy chief executive Giles Redpath said: 'We are delighted to be working with Southwick Estate on this prestigious project. 'We are both committed to creating one of the UK's largest solar parks, which will be almost invisible from public areas, will support local ecology, will increase biodiversity and will deliver much-needed green electricity into the Portsmouth area for the next 25 years.'
highlights: New 200 acre site to be built in Hampshire countryside . It will be the largest in the UK by 50 acres .
id: 98742b294866d95d70d6f8be98669f39836d4848
chatgpt: In a groundbreaking announcement yesterday, it was revealed that construction is set to begin on a new 200-acre site in the Hampshire countryside. The development will be the largest of its kind in the UK, stretching over 50 acres more than any other site currently in operation across the country. The approximate location of the new site has been confirmed, although details of the exact location have yet to be released. Boasting state-of-the-art facilities, the development is set to be a world-class hub for businesses, with opportunities for companies and organizations of all sizes. Amongst the key features of the new site will be its environmentally friendly design. Set to incorporate the latest in sustainable technology, the new development will be a beacon of innovation, showing just what is possible when we put our collective minds to overcoming environmental challenges. Commenting on the announcement, a spokesperson for the developers said, "We are incredibly excited to be embarking on this new project. It marks an important milestone in our journey towards a more sustainable future, and one that we believe will have far-reaching benefits across the Hampshire region and further afield." The spokesperson went on to add that the project had been in the works for several years, and that it had taken an enormous amount of planning and preparation to get to this stage. "We are confident that our vision for the new site will not only meet but exceed expectations," they said. Many people within the Hampshire community are already looking forward to the completion of this exciting new development. While concerns have been raised about the impact that such a large construction project could have on the local area, the developers have been quick to reassure residents that every effort will be made to minimize any negative impact on the environment or on the local community. In fact, the development has generated significant interest from both national and international businesses, looking to capitalize on the opportunities that the new site will provide. With its state-of-the-art facilities, convenient location, and focus on sustainability, the new site is expected to be a major draw for businesses of all kinds, helping to drive growth and innovation across the region. Of course, with any project of this size, there will inevitably be challenges to overcome. The developers have stressed, however, that they are fully committed to finding solutions to any challenges that arise, ensuring that the new site is a success in every possible way. As the development gets underway, it is clear that all eyes will be on the Hampshire countryside, waiting to see just what kind of impact this new project will have on the region and on the wider UK economy. With its combination of innovation, sustainability, and world-class facilities, the new site looks set to be a truly groundbreaking development, one that could change the face of the UK business landscape for years to come.