article: By . Paul Donnelley . An 11-year-old boy was bitten by a poisonous snake as he went to retrieve his football from a bramble bush. Carl Jefferies was playing near his home in Farnworth, Bolton, Lancashire when he lost the ball on a grassy area at the junction of Highfield Road and Tig Fold Road. As he went to retrieve it, an adder sank its fangs into his left leg. Carl Jefferies, 11, who was bitten by an adder as he wet to retrieve a football near his home in Farnworth, He is pictured with his mother Kim . Carl was taken to hospital after his ankle swelled up and he began feeling dizzy and being sick. Doctors kept the boy in overnight when they found venom in his leg reported The Bolton News. Carl’s mother, Kim Jefferies, said her son took a week away from school because he was unwell. Mrs Jefferies said: 'Carl was playing football with a neighbour when the ball went into some brambles. He went to get it out and the next thing he knew he felt a stabbing pain in his leg. The puncture marks caused by the snake's fangs in Carl Jefferies's leg can clearly be seen . 'The swelling became really bad and his leg started to turn purple,' said Mrs Jefferies . 'As soon as I saw it I knew it was an adder bite because I had heard of other similar incidents and it looked exactly the same. 'The swelling became really bad and his leg started to turn purple. 'The next day the bite marks became really inflamed and it started to turn green — I was worried sick.' The bite might have been worse but the snake produced only a little venom. Michael Dilger with an adder, Britain's only poisonous snake. One like this bit Carl Jefferies . Mrs Jefferies said: 'I dread to think how much worse it could have been — as he has been constantly being sick all week, as well as suffering with stomach ache and headaches.' A snake expert commented: 'It is not a natural instinct for the snake to attack a human, unfortunately it looks like the lad has accidentally startled it when looking for the football and it has reacted in self-defence.' There have been a number of reported adder attacks in Bolton in recent years. Last summer a bearded collie dog died after it was bitten near Smithills Coaching House.
highlights: Carl Jefferies was playing near his home in Farnworth, Bolton, when he lost the ball . Adder sank its fangs into his left leg. Leg swelled up and Carl was taken to hospital . Doctors kept the boy in overnight when they found venom in his leg .
id: 294365effb0e833ff6a81fefc8c84bd1095a8c66
chatgpt: A young boy's game of ball turned into a nightmare when he was bitten by an adder in Farnworth, Bolton. Carl Jefferies, 8, was playing close to his home when the ball was lost and he went to look for it in the grass. It was at this point that the venomous snake sank its fangs into his left leg. The bite caused Carl a great deal of pain almost immediately, and he limped back to his house to tell his parents what had happened. They could see that his leg had already begun to swell and took him straight to the hospital. The doctors looked at the wound and saw that the adder had injected venom into the young boy's leg. They immediately began to treat him for the effects of the poison. Carl was kept in overnight as a precaution, and his leg was monitored for any signs of complications. It was a worrying time for his parents, but the medical team knew exactly what to look out for. The adder is the UK's only poisonous snake, and it can cause serious harm if it bites a human. They are often found in woodland or heathland areas and are generally not aggressive towards humans, but they will bite if provoked or stepped on. Their venom can cause swelling, pain, and nausea, and in some cases, it can be fatal. The incident has raised concerns about adders in the area and how they might be managed. Some experts have suggested that more needs to be done to educate people about the risks of encountering adders and how to avoid being bitten by them. Others have called for more measures to be put in place to protect people from these types of snakes. For Carl and his family, it will take time for them to recover from the shock of what happened. The young boy is grateful to be alive and has thanked the doctors and nurses at the hospital for their care and attention. He is also aware now of the dangers of playing near long grass and has promised to be more careful in future. The incident serves as a reminder of the importance of being aware of your surroundings and taking precautions when you go out into nature. While snakes are an important part of the ecosystem, they can also be potentially dangerous if not treated with respect.