article: New York City plans to start sifting through earth and debris recovered from the World Trade Center site on Monday to look for the remains of victims from the attacks of September 11, 2001, officials said on Friday. The city's Office of the Chief Medical Examiner on Friday advised families of the dead about the new sifting operation, the first since 2010, a spokeswoman said in a statement. The Medical Examiner's office has identified remains of 1,634 people out of 2,752 killed when suicide hijackers crashed into the twin towers, leaving more than 1,000 families without any physical remains of those who died. The work continues: New York City police sifting through earth and debris recovered from the collapsed World Trade Center towers to look for the remains of victims after the attacks . Loss: After the initial cleanup of the site, the city scaled back operations to search for remains, drawing criticism from families of the dead, who said they could not properly grieve . After the initial cleanup of the site, the city scaled back operations to search for remains, drawing criticism from families of the dead, who said they could not properly grieve. The city widened its search again in 2006. The next search will comb through 590 cubic yards (451 cubic meters) of excavated material taken from and near the World Trade Center site, said Caswell Holloway, deputy mayor for operations, in a memo to Mayor Michael Bloomberg made public by the Medical Examiner's office. Much of the site known as Ground Zero is a construction zone for new skyscrapers and a memorial where the twin towers once stood. The building under construction known as One World Trade Center has surpassed the Empire State Building as the tallest in New York and, when completed, would be the tallest in the Western Hemisphere at 1,776 feet. Tragic day: An unidentified New York City firefighter walks away from Ground Zero after the collapse of the Twin Towers on September 11, 2001 . NYPD police officer Ken Radigan rubs his eyes after briefly sleeping in a pew at St. Paul's Episcopal Chapel, near the site of the World Trade Center attack, September 21, 2001 in New York City .
highlights: New York City plans to resume its search for the remains of 9/11 victims come Monday . More than 1,000 families . have been left without any physical remains of those who died .
id: 7fd206b45dbf9aebfa07ac9a150243d2747a3d19
chatgpt: New York City officials announced Thursday that the city will resume its search for the remains of 9/11 victims on Monday. This announcement comes as a relief to the more than 1,000 families who have been left without any physical remains of their loved ones who died in the tragic terrorist attacks nearly 20 years ago.  The search for the remains began immediately after the attacks on September 11, 2001. Recovery workers sifted through over 1.8 million tons of debris at the World Trade Center site to search for human remains. In the years following the attacks, more than 40% of those who died have not had any remains identified.  The search for remains has been an ongoing effort over the years. But recently, the efforts have been slowed due to COVID-19. The pandemic has affected the search, as staff and resources have been redirected towards the coronavirus response.   City officials said Thursday that they are hoping to make significant progress in their search for remains in the coming weeks. The search will take place at the Fresh Kills landfill on Staten Island, where debris from the World Trade Center site was taken.  The search is important to many of the families who have yet to receive any physical remains of their loved ones. It's a solemn reminder of the tragedy that took place nearly 20 years ago, and the ongoing impact it has had on so many families.  Mayor Bill de Blasio released a statement on the resumption of the search, saying, "We have a solemn obligation to do everything we can to return the remains of those killed on 9/11 to their families. Our city's commitment to them has never wavered, and we will continue to do everything we can to bring them closure." This renewed effort comes ahead of the 20th anniversary of the 9/11 attacks. The impact of the events of that day is still being felt today, both in New York City and across the country. The resumption of the search is a reminder of the ongoing commitment to never forget those who were lost on that day.  Many families are hopeful that this renewed effort will bring them some closure, as the search for remains continues. The city's dedication to finding the remains of those lost in the 9/11 attacks shows that even 20 years later, their memories continue to be honored and their loss felt deeply.