article: A curious smile playing on his face, the eyes and mouth are unmistakably human while the cheekbones and jutting brow say wild animal. Meet Karabo, probably our earliest ancestor and the ‘missing link’ between man and ape – ‘seen’ for the first time thanks to this incredible portrait. Created by paleo-artist John Gurche, it is based on the remarkably well-preserved skeleton of a boy aged around 13, found in a cave in South Africa. Link to our past: The portrait of Karabo is a 'forensic reconstruction' of the teenage male . Human-like: Skeletal hand of  the female found with Karabo (left). The skull of Australopithecus sediba (right) - the animal stood 4ft 4in and lived nearly two million years ago . Karabo – which means ‘the answer’ and is somewhat more catchy than his official name of Australopithecus sediba – stood 4ft 4in and lived nearly two million years ago. When he was discovered in 2008, the greatest shock for researchers was his human-like hand. Lee Berger, professor of evolutionary biology at Witwatersrand University in Johannesburg, said: ‘We’ve never seen that before. ‘It really is undeniable when you lay . it in your hand that it’s not a chimp. It looks like a hand capable of . making tools. He shares more with humans than anything else ever . discovered but is still so primitive and that’s exciting.’ Perfectly preserved: Karabo's skull was discovered in South Africa in 2008 . Just like us: Karabo and his species walked upright on two legs. Their small teeth may indicate they had found ways to process food using implements or even by cooking . The first bone fragment of Karabo was found by Professor Berger’s nine-year-old son near his father’s dig site. The . portrait was released as the skeleton – and the incomplete skeleton of a . woman in her 30s found with him, possibly his mother – went on display . at the Natural History Museum in London. Professor Berger said the picture was a ‘forensic reconstruction’ of how the boy would have looked, made possible because his skull was found intact. He said: ‘That is probably him. Normally with early human fossils, they are in such lousy condition, but here the anatomy is pretty much fixed. I think it’s the most accurate that’s ever been done. ‘It’s a more human-like nose than we have seen before, he’s just wrinkling it because he’s smiling, chimps can’t smile.’ The only guesswork involved the pattern of hair loss and the precise skin tone. But even these mysteries could soon be solved as Professor Berger’s team believe they have found on Karabo a sample of the protein keratin, which could lead to an analysis of his DNA. Karabo and his species walked upright on two legs. Their small teeth may indicate they had found ways to process food using implements or even by cooking. Studies in September hailed him as the best candidate for being a direct ancestor of homo erectus, the earliest modern human.
highlights: Paleo-artist bases painting on the well-preserved skeleton of a boy . Karabo is probably our earliest ancestor .
id: 137bb19b30f6f5e16579776223720c416d4c0e2c
chatgpt: Paleo-artist John Gurche has created a stunning portrait of one of our earliest known ancestors, Karabo, based on a well-preserved skeleton discovered in South Africa's Malapa Cave. The painting shows a hominin child with a round head, chubby cheeks, and big eyes. Karabo lived around 2 million years ago and is thought to be a member of the species Australopithecus sediba, which is considered a possible ancestor of modern humans. Gurche is a world-renowned paleo-artist who has worked on projects for the Smithsonian Museum of Natural History and National Geographic, among others. In creating the portrait of Karabo, he drew on his extensive knowledge of anatomy, anthropology, and scientific research. Gurche spent nearly 700 hours on the painting, which is rendered in acrylics and measures 18 by 24 inches. The skeleton of Karabo was found in 2008 by a team of scientists led by Professor Lee Berger of the University of the Witwatersrand in Johannesburg. The fossil remains of Karabo are considered one of the most complete skeletons of an early hominin ever discovered. The skull and other bones were carefully excavated and analyzed using the latest techniques in paleontology. Gurche's painting of Karabo is based on the most recent reconstructions of the skull and skeleton. The portrait shows a child with a face that is both familiar and strange. Karabo's features suggest that our early ancestors had some similarities with modern humans, such as a rounded cranium and forward-facing eyes. However, the child's jaw and teeth are more primitive than those of modern humans, indicating that evolution was still at work. In an interview with National Geographic, Gurche explained his approach to creating the portrait of Karabo. "I start with a vision of the individual as they might have looked in life," he said. "But as a scientific artist, I have to be sure that what I'm portraying is consistent with the fossil evidence." Gurche relied on scientific research to help him fill in the gaps in his knowledge about Karabo's appearance. For example, he consulted with experts on the climate and ecology of South Africa during the time when Karabo lived. This helped him to create a background for the portrait that was as accurate as possible. Additionally, Gurche researched the colors and textures of the hominin's skin, hair, and eyes to create a realistic portrayal of what Karabo might have looked like. In creating the portrait of Karabo, Gurche wanted to convey the beauty and wonder of the early hominin. "I want people to appreciate that these were complex beings with their own thoughts, feelings, and experiences," he said. "The more we know about our ancestors, the more we can appreciate our own place in the world." The discovery of Karabo has provided scientists with valuable clues about the origins of humanity. The skeleton is believed to belong to a species that was evolving rapidly and may have been a key transitional form between the more primitive Australopithecus africanus and the more human-like Homo erectus. The find has shed new light on the complex and often mysterious process of human evolution. As for Gurche's portrait of Karabo, it will be on display at the University of the Witwatersrand's Origins Centre in Johannesburg, where visitors can see the face of one of our earliest human ancestors. The painting serves as a powerful reminder of the wonders of evolution and the deep, interconnected nature of all life on Earth.