article: (CNN) -- Those pesky drug testers. Andy Murray received his OBE (Officer of the Order of the British Empire) from Prince William for his services to tennis but the man who ended Britain's 77-year men's singles drought at Wimbledon in July was in danger of being late at Buckingham Palace because drug testers came calling. Under tennis' stringent 'whereabouts' rule, elite players have to tell testers where they'll be for an hour every day in case they want a sample. And wouldn't you know, they showed up at Murray's door Thursday as the grand slam champion readied for his trip to one of the homes of British royalty. "They turned up at my door at 8.20 a.m. and I had a taxi booked for half past eight," Murray, recovering from back surgery, told reporters. "I was a bit worried I was going to be late but the taxi did a great job in getting us here. "It's part of the job but when you have a day like today you are looking forward to, it's the last thing you need." Murray's moment of panic ended, he traded in his shorts and t-shirt for a smart, dark suit. He was allowed to bring three guests and chose -- not surprisingly -- his parents Judy and William and longtime girlfriend Kim Sears. "I think they were quite proud," Murray told CNN. "My girlfriend is massively into anything royal. She was so excited about coming to Buckingham Palace for the first time. "It was a great day for us." Whereas Murray made history at Wimbledon and at the U.S. Open a year ago, it was the first investiture for new dad Prince William, who filled in for the 87-year-old Queen. According to reports, Prince William chatted to Murray for nearly a minute -- one of the longest chats of the day. "He asked me about my back surgery ... and how I was feeling after Wimbledon, when there was a lot of pressure on me," Murray told reporters. "I teased him a bit as he had sent a note to me before Wimbledon wishing me luck and his wife had written me a letter afterward. Her handwriting was beautiful and I told him how fantastic it was compared to his. "I have met him a few times before and he has always been very easy going. He seemed very relaxed today." The decision to give Murray an OBE was actually made at the end of 2012. He won gold at the London Olympics and a month later ended Britain's 77-year grand slam men's singles drought in New York. Murray won't play again this season following his surgery, thus missing out on the year-end championships in London in November.
highlights: Scotsman Andy Murray received an OBE on Thursday for his services to tennis . Murray ended Britain's grand slam men's singles drought last year and won Wimbledon in July . He was given the OBE medal not by the Queen but by new dad Prince William . Murray is recovering from back surgery and won't play again this season .
id: b411d785cd7bf98ef848ad35906d7b24cadf1f8e
chatgpt: Scotsman Andy Murray Adds OBE to His List of Accomplishments On Thursday, Scottish tennis star Andy Murray was awarded the Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) medal for his services to the sport. The ceremony took place at Buckingham Palace and was conducted by new dad Prince William. Murray, who ended Britain's drought of Grand Slam men's singles titles last year, also triumphed at Wimbledon in July. He received the OBE for his services to tennis, further cementing his status as one of the sport's greatest contemporary players. Despite having missed the latter half of this season due to a back surgery, Murray's performance at Wimbledon and his previous achievements in tennis have earned him recognition and praise from the Queen and the Duke of Cambridge. The OBE medal is a major achievement for Murray, and it’s an honor that has been long in the making. He has been a celebrated athlete and professional tennis player for years and has succeeded at some of the most high-profile tennis tournaments in the world. The medal will take pride of place in his collection of sports memorabilia and mementos from his career. Murray has ensured that British tennis has a strong foothold in the global arena of sports. He is a shining example of the endurance, resilience, and hard work that are required to succeed in any competitive endeavor. Murray's achievements in tennis have not only put him on the international stage, but they have also inspired the next generation of British tennis players. He has been a role model for many young athletes who are aspiring to follow in his footsteps. Despite his recent injury, Murray has already begun planning for next season, and he is expected to return to competitive play soon. With his relentless work ethic and determination, there are no doubts that Murray will continue to prove his mettle on the tennis court. With this latest honor, Andy Murray has shown once again that he is a true sportsman and a proud ambassador for British tennis. He has made his country proud with every match and every tournament, and his contribution to the world of tennis is one that will be remembered for generations to come.