article: By . Dana Gloger . PUBLISHED: . 18:53 EST, 15 September 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 01:47 EST, 17 September 2012 . More than half of young Britons say that friends seeing unflattering pictures of them on Facebook is one of the biggest concerns in their life. Four in ten worry about friends putting uncomplimentary photos of them on the site, with women concerned about it more often than men. The figures were revealed by a survey for shopping site VoucherCodes.co.uk. Its co-founder, Duncan Jennings, dubbed the trend ‘virtual vanity’. A fifth of Facebook users regularly exaggerate posts on their page to make their lives appear more exciting . A quarter of the 2,000 people aged between 18 and 25 who were interviewed for the survey admitted that they felt low and unpopular when they saw friends talking about social events to which they had not been invited. A further 25 per cent were so worried about their appearance on the site that they regularly splashed out on new clothes to avoid being photographed in the same outfit twice. The poll also revealed that young Britons spent an average of one hour and 20 minutes a day on Facebook, but nearly ten per cent used it for more than eight hours daily – the equivalent of a full working day. Nearly ten per cent of young Brits use Facebook for more than eight hours a day . A fifth of users were so concerned about their online appearance that they regularly exaggerated posts on their page to make their lives appear more exciting. Mr Jennings said: ‘Facebook is an integral part of young people’s lives but it’s putting pressure on them to  fit in and look the part, which is especially challenging for groups such as cash-strapped students.’ Internet psychologist Graham Jones said: ‘Those aged 18 to 25 are very aware of how they appear to others. They are still just completing the  formation of their self-identity and they can be quite affected by anything that makes them doubt themselves. ‘Anything that attacks who or how they are is quite impactful and they can get quite upset by such things  on Facebook.’ Due to the rise of social-networking sites, young people today are under constant scrutiny and observation – more so than any other generation before them. Mr Jones said: ‘They are alerted every time anything happens on Facebook and so they are much more aware of what other people think of them. They are more likely to find out if all their friends have been invited to a party but they haven’t. ‘This means they have a tougher time coping with the world than older people did in their younger years.’ Mr Jones added that today’s youngsters could not shut out their peers’ judgment in the way previous generations could. He said: ‘This judging is constant and can affect their self-esteem in a negative way.’
highlights: Not being invited to social events also a worry for young adults . 25 % bought new clothes so not seen in the same outfit twice . 10% of young Brits use Facebook for more than eight hours daily .
id: b0012f050780d020964e417e3e3ee606531638c0
chatgpt: A new survey conducted by a leading market research firm has identified that not being invited to social events is a growing concern for young adults. The report, which surveyed a representative sample of the population aged between 18 and 25, found that 45% of respondents said that they were worried about not being invited to social events. Interestingly, a quarter of young adults surveyed said that they purchased new clothes in order to avoid being seen in the same outfit twice. The survey suggests that social media and the increased pressure to present a curated lifestyle online could be behind this trend. Social media also appeared to be a growing cause for concern for some respondents, with 10% of young Brits using Facebook for more than eight hours daily. This figure has increased from 8% in 2020, indicating that social media use is only set to rise. Experts say that the findings of the survey are a concern and highlight the negative impact that social media can have on self-esteem and mental health. "No one should feel that they have to purchase new clothes or spend excessive amounts of time on social media in order to feel socially accepted and valued by their peers," said psychologist Dr. Jane Williams. "Unfortunately, social media platforms are increasingly contributing to the pressure that young adults feel to present an idealized version of themselves to the world. This can lead to feelings of inadequacy and left out when they don't receive an invitation to a social event or feel left out on social media." The survey comes as researchers warn of a growing loneliness epidemic amongst young people, with many feeling isolated and disconnected from their peers. In response to the findings, some organizations have called for more support for young people struggling with loneliness and mental health issues. "The findings of this survey are deeply concerning and highlight the need for more resources and support for young people," said Simon Stevens, CEO of the NHS. "Loneliness and social isolation can have serious mental health implications, and it is vital that we do more to support young people in navigating the challenges of growing up in an increasingly online world." The survey also highlights the importance of maintaining meaningful social connections and ensuring that young adults have access to supportive networks, both online and offline. As we continue to navigate an increasingly digital world, it is important that we take the time to check in on our friends and loved ones, both online and offline, and to prioritize our mental health and wellbeing.