article: Washington (CNN) -- The federal government will recognize gay marriages in Michigan that occurred between recent conflicting court rulings, Attorney General Eric Holder announced Friday. Holder's statement said couples married on March 22, before an appellate court blocked a previous ruling allowing gay marriage in Michigan, "will be eligible for all relevant federal benefits on the same terms as other same-sex marriages." His decision is the latest move by the Obama administration toward legalizing gay marriage in the United States. The divisive issue pits social and religious conservatives against liberals and moderates, with polls showing a majority of Americans in support of gay marriage. On March 21, U.S. District Judge Bernard Friedman struck down Michigan's gay marriage ban as unconstitutional. His ruling cleared the way for same-sex couples to marry immediately, and scores did the next day until the 6th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals issued an order to temporarily stay, or put on hold, Friedman's decision. The same appeals court extended its stay on Tuesday, causing confusion over the status of the couples married over the previous weekend. Holder noted that Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder "has made clear that the marriages that took place on Saturday were lawful and valid when entered into, although Michigan will not extend state rights and benefits tied to these marriages pending further legal proceedings." "For purposes of federal law ... these Michigan couples will not be asked to wait for further resolution in the courts before they may seek federal benefits to which they are entitled," Holder said, citing a previous decision in a similar situation in Utah. Voters in Utah, Michigan and nine other states passed constitutional amendments in 2004 defining marriage as one man and one woman. Friedman's ruling was the latest in a series of recent similar decisions affecting marriage restrictions in states including Texas, Virginia, Kentucky and Oklahoma. In most of those cases, the judicial orders did not take effect immediately. However, Michigan's did and, as in Utah, same-sex couples immediately got marriage licenses before later court decisions halted such unions -- at least for now, as higher courts weigh in. Last June, the Supreme Court issued a landmark decision that rejected parts of the federal Defense of Marriage Act while ruling same-sex spouses legally married in a state may receive federal benefits.
highlights: After a court ruling, scores of same-sex marriages occurred in Michigan . Attorney General Holder says those couples are eligible for federal benefits . The issue is now in limbo due to a legal appeal .
id: 6e18e0427b18a8a59249ee6c7f9194dd2d18bb51
chatgpt: Scores of same-sex couples in Michigan got married in the wake of a court ruling that ruled the state’s ban on gay marriage unconstitutional. The decision came down on Friday, and by Monday, clerks in several Michigan cities had issued marriage licenses to around 300 couples, including some who had been together for more than 18 years. Attorney General Eric Holder wasted no time in announcing that the marriages were eligible for federal benefits, including Social Security, immigration and tax benefits. Under the Obama administration, the Justice Department has been quick to interpret rulings like this one in favor of same-sex couples, citing the federal Defense of Marriage Act as unconstitutional. However, the issue is not settled. The Sixth U.S. Court of Appeals granted Michigan’s attorney general’s request for an emergency stay, meaning that the licenses granted in Michigan are in legal limbo. It’s unclear what will happen next, and the Supreme Court is likely to take it up eventually. Of course, the ruling is a big win for proponents of same-sex marriage. The case made its way to Michigan’s courts after two women who were denied marriage licenses sued the state. One of them passed away in January, but her partner is carrying on the fight. The ruling comes at a time when the momentum of the gay-marriage movement seems to be, if not in full swing, at least gathering steam. In June of last year, the Supreme Court ruled in United States v. Windsor that the Defense of Marriage Act was unconstitutional, paving the way for the Obama Administration to begin recognizing same-sex marriages at the federal level. Since then, gay couples have won a number of court battles in states across the country, including Utah, Texas and Virginia. Michigan, however, has been a tough nut to crack. The state passed a constitutional amendment banning same-sex marriage in 2004, and Governor Rick Snyder has been supportive of that amendment, if not the shouting, angry hoard of protesters who opposed the court’s recent decision. “The rights of Michigan citizens on this matter were decided in 2004 by a vote of the people,” Snyder said in a statement. ”It’s important for everyone to respect the judicial process, which is appropriately underway.”