article: By . Tara Brady . A British surfer was forced to turn to boxing when he was attacked by a shark in New Zealand. Darren Mills escaped death when he ‘punched and pushed’ the shark after it sunk its teeth into him. ‘When the shark hit me it sort of pushed me out [of the water] and I realised what was going on and I could see it,’ said Mr Mills from Crawley, West Sussex. Scroll down for video . Lucky: Darren Mills escaped death when he 'punched and pushed' the shark after it sunk its teeth into him . Mr Mills' surfboard is pockmarked with a semicircle of tooth marks from what experts, believe was a 9ft great white shark . ‘I tried to punch it but it was more like a push,’ added the 28-year-old, who suffered a serious bite wound to his right leg after Friday’s attack. ‘I was pretty scared it was going to come back,’ he said from his hospital bed in the southern city of Invercargill yesterday. He added:  ‘There’s a puncture wound just below my knee, which might have gone, or has gone, through a tendon, and then there’s four lacerations up my leg to the top of my thigh’. Mr Mills is the second person to be attacked by a shark off the South Island within the past month . He managed to stay on his board and ride a wave back to land. A holidaying doctor and nurse on the shore gave him first aid until a rescue helicopter arrived to fly him to hospital. Fellow . surfer Nick Smart, who witnessed the incident, said: ‘He was sitting on . his surfboard and the shark came up from nowhere and hit him. ‘You could see blood and he was definitely in pain.’ Mr . Mills’ surfboard is pockmarked with a semicircle of tooth marks from . what experts, given the bite’s size, believe was a 9ft great white . shark. ‘When the attack first happened I was, like, “I’m not even getting in the bath tub again,”’ he said. ‘But I just want to get back and surf again. I just feel really, really lucky. Really lucky,’ he added. Mr . Mills, who is living in the ski resort of Queenstown, is the second . person to be attacked by a shark off the South Island within the past . month.
highlights: Darren Mills escaped death when he ‘punched and pushed’ the shark . Mr Mills is the second person to be attacked by a shark off the South Island within the past month . The 28-year-old's surfboard is pockmarked with a semicircle of tooth marks . Experts believe he was attacked by a 9ft great white shark .
id: 164abe9d78af0ec1232d329f8766cbbb8b330e73
chatgpt: You can never be too careful when surfing in New Zealand. Just ask Darren Mills, the 28-year-old who narrowly avoided becoming shark food in his latest surf session off the South Island coast. On Friday, Mills told reporters how a 9ft great white shark attacked him, pummeling his board with its fearsome jaws. In a testament to his quick thinking, Mills managed to fend off the shark by punching and pushing it away. Thanks in part to his swift reactions, Mills escaped unharmed, but his surfboard now tells a different story. The board is covered with semicircular teeth marks, a haunting reminder of what could have been. Mills is now the second surfer to have been attacked by a shark off the South Island waters in the past month. These incidents are a sobering reminder that danger lurks beneath the waves, even in peaceful coastal towns like St. Clair, where Friday’s incident occurred. Shark attacks, while rare, are not unheard of in the waters around New Zealand. Earlier this year, a woman was attacked and killed by a great white while swimming just off the Waihi Beach in the Bay of Plenty, marking one of the worst such attacks in the country's history. Experts say that many factors may be contributing to the recent spate of shark encounters, including bigger waves, warmer sea temperatures, and a changing ocean ecosystem. As a result, surfing off the South Island coast carries higher risks than it used to, and surfers must take more precautions when entering the water. Local authorities are now urging beachgoers to be extra vigilant and avoid swimming in areas where shark sightings have been reported. While the dangers of shark attacks may be unnerving, there is still hope that humans and sharks can continue to coexist in these waters. Conservation efforts have helped to reduce shark populations, and scientists continue to study these fascinating creatures to better understand their behavior and ecology. For now, though, the incident involving Darren Mills serves as a stark reminder that even the most experienced surfers must remain vigilant in the water, and always be ready to defend themselves against the unexpected.