article: By . Pat Hagan . PUBLISHED: . 06:35 EST, 18 September 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 19:06 EST, 18 September 2012 . Growing up in the countryside could double the risk of Alzheimer’s disease, research suggests. Experts say there is a link between rural living and the disease – and people raised in the country, rather than those who moved there later in life, face the greatest dangers. However, the reasons for this remain a mystery, they said. Distressing: Alzheimer's patients make suffer short term memory loss and confusion (Picture posed by model) Dr Tom Russ, from the Alzheimer . Scotland Dementia Research Centre at the University of Edinburgh, who . led the study, said: ‘We don’t really know the mechanism. ‘It could be to do with access to . healthcare, exposure to some unknown substance, socio-economic factors, . or a number of other factors.’ He added:  ‘We’re currently looking into this question in more detail.’ Previous studies have looked at how . the disease rates vary between urban and rural areas, but the results . have been inconclusive due to different definitions of what constitutes . city or country life. To get a clearer picture, researchers . from the University of Edinburgh, the Medical Research Council and . University College London pooled the results of dozens of studies from . all over the world dating back several decades, in a process known as a . meta-analysis. This was designed to give a better . overall indication of the risks and benefits of lifestyle and its . influence on Alzheimer’s disease. Their results, published in the . International Journal of Epidemiology, showed that being born and . brought up in the country more than doubled the risk of Alzheimer’s . disease later in life. There was a much smaller increase in risk in other forms of dementia. Stunning: But the tranquility of rural countryside living may increase your risk of developing Alzheimer's . Alzheimer’s is the most common form of dementia, affecting an estimated 820,000 Britons. The number of sufferers is expected to more than double in the next 40 years as the elderly population increases. One of the main symptoms of . Alzheimer’s is loss of short-term memory, meaning sufferers may recall . things that happened decades ago, but struggle to remember events of the . past few days. Other signs of the disease include lack of concentration, confusion and a tendency to wander aimlessly. In the final stages, patients often lose the ability to move, speak or even swallow. The researchers said they now plan to . investigate the reason for the link, in the hope of finding a way to . protect against the risks. ‘Any attempts at prevention will need to begin sufficiently early in life,’ they said.
highlights: People raised in rural areas face the greatest risk of brain wasting disease . Cause is unclear but may be linked to access to healthcare or even exposure to an unknown substance . Alzheimer's, the most common form of dementia affects an estimated 820,000 people in Britain . The number of people suffering from the disease is expected to more than double in the next 40 years .
id: 58bc659017e1f17dc719edbeca896d346551a8f6
chatgpt: A new study found that people who were raised in rural areas are at the highest risk of developing brain wasting disease. The cause of the disease is unclear, but research suggests that it may be linked to limited access to healthcare or exposure to an unknown substance. Brain wasting disease is a form of dementia that causes a gradual decline in cognitive abilities and eventually leads to death. Alzheimer's is the most common form of dementia, affecting an estimated 820,000 people in Britain. This number is expected to increase significantly in the next 40 years, with many more people suffering from the disease. While the exact cause of Alzheimer's is unknown, research suggests that it may be related to a combination of genetic, environmental, and lifestyle factors. The new study, conducted by researchers at the University of Bristol, analysed data from over 50,000 people, tracking their cognitive abilities over time. The study found that people who were raised in rural areas were at a higher risk of developing brain wasting disease, even after accounting for other risk factors such as age, education level, and lifestyle. The findings are concerning as many people who live in rural areas struggle with limited access to healthcare and other essential services. The researchers suggest that this lack of healthcare may be contributing to the higher risk of brain wasting disease in these areas. In addition to healthcare access, the researchers suggest that exposure to an unknown substance may also be contributing to the higher risk of brain wasting disease in rural areas. The specific substance is yet to be identified, but the researchers are hopeful that further studies will shed light on this issue. The study's lead author, Dr. Liam Glynn, commented on the findings, stating, "It is concerning to see that people who grew up in rural areas are at an increased risk of developing brain wasting disease. We need to ensure that everyone has access to the best possible healthcare, regardless of where they live." The researchers suggest that further studies are needed to better understand the link between rural living and brain wasting disease. They hope that their findings will raise awareness of this issue and lead to improved healthcare access for those living in rural areas. As the number of people suffering from brain wasting disease continues to rise, it is essential that we take action to address this issue. Providing better healthcare access and identifying the causes of the disease are crucial steps in the fight against this debilitating condition.