article: By . Snejana Farberov . The parents of a baby boy born in Pennsylvania this week and named Waldo will have no trouble at all finding him anywhere - as he tips the scales at more than 13lbs. Officials at Delaware County Memorial Hospital say Brian and Danielle Dwyer’s son delivered  Monday is the largest baby they can recall there. Waldo James Mysterious Dwyer tipped the scales at 13 pounds, 8-and-a-half ounces. Scroll down for video . Whoa baby! Brian and Danielle Dwyer welcomed their son, Waldo, who tipped the scales at record-breaking 13 pounds and 8 and a half ounces . Cheeky: Delaware County Memorial Hospital says the Dwyers' son delivered is the largest baby they can recall there . Special delivery: Waldo was welcomed into the world via C-section two weeks after Danielle Dwyer's original due date, giving him extra time to beef up . The quirky couple explained that they loved the 'Where’s Waldo?' books as children, so that’s where they got their son’s unusual first name. Dwyer said . the middle name Mysterious is because Waldo was born under a blood red . lunar eclipse on April 14, 2014 — a date that reads the same forward and . backward. Illusive namesake: The couple were inspired to give their son the name Waldo because they both loved the 'Where's Waldo?' books as children . ‘If there is one child who could own that name Waldo James Mysterious, I think that it's him,’ Brian told the station WPVI. The Dwyers live in the Fishtown section of Philadelphia. New dad Brian is a co-owner of Pizza Brain, a popular pizza shop and likely the world's first ever pizza museum. Danielle Dwyer, originally from California, works at The Random Team Room & Curiosity Shop. The couple's hefty bundle of joy was delivered via C-section two weeks after Danielle Dwyer's original due date, reported the Delaware County Daily Times. The parents had been expecting a baby weighing 9-10lbs, but as his mother put it, Waldo had a little extra time to 'cook.' ‘When . he came out, when the doctor pulled him out, on his shoulders, there . were so many fat rolls you couldn't tell where his armpits were,’ said . Mr Dwyer. Danielle Dwyer's doctor later told her Waldo was the biggest baby he has ever delivered. Surprise! Danielle Dwyer, 31, had expected her son to be big, but she had no idea that he would turn out to be the largest baby ever delivered at Delaware County Memorial Hospital . Quikry couple: Brian Dwyer, 29, and wife Danielle, 29, live in Fishtown, Pennsylvania, where the husband operates a popular local pizzeria and pizza museum . He's a character: Mr Dwyer, 29, predicted that his son will be nicknamed 'Dough Boy' or 'Prince of Pizza' This is a first baby for Brian, 29, and Danielle, 31. The mother described their new 13-pound, 22-inches-long addition as peaceful and strong. Her husband predicted that besides the obvious ‘Wally,’ some of his son's nicknames will include 'Dough Boy' and ‘Prince of Pizza.’
highlights: Brian and Danielle Dwyer's son was delivered via C-section at Delaware County Memorial Hospital two weeks later than expected . Parents expected their first born to tip the scales at only 9-10lbs . Infant was named Waldo after the titular character in 'Where's Waldo?' children's books . Mysterious was selected as his middle name because Waldo was born during lunar eclipse .
id: 6267ed6a76d1409bc0a590a499ee88fc3e32c37e
chatgpt: On Thursday, July 19th 2018, Brian and Danielle Dwyer's first born son was delivered via C-section at Delaware County Memorial Hospital, two weeks after their expected due date. The couple, who reside in the Philadelphia suburb of Drexel Hill, were elated at the arrival of their son, whom they named Waldo Mysterious Dwyer. The parents-to-be had expected their little bundle of joy to weigh between 9 and 10 pounds, much like the average newborn, however, Waldo was a bit larger than anticipated. The newborn weighed in at a healthy 11 pounds, 2 ounces. Waldo's size may have made the couple sweat, but they were overjoyed with his arrival. Waldo's unique name comes from the famous children's books, "Where's Waldo?". The couple chose the name before even knowing the gender of their baby, and were ultimately ecstatic to welcome a son. Brian and Danielle decided to add "Mysterious" as Waldo's middle name because he was born during a lunar eclipse. "It was like he was going to be mysterious or something special," said Danielle Dwyer. The couple says they're “big kid[s] at heart,” and have already bought Waldo Waldo-themed toys and clothes. Despite Waldo's later-than-expected arrival and larger size, the newborn is in excellent health and the parents couldn't be prouder. The family has received an outpouring of love and support from friends and family, as well as from complete strangers, who are in awe of Waldo's unique name and size. At the end of the day, Brian and Danielle can't wait to watch Waldo grow up and create his own path. "We’re excited for him to grow into his name and be just as silly and curious as the book character,” Danielle stated. This unexpected arrival has perfectly encapsulated the excitement and surprises that come along with becoming a parent. For Brian and Danielle, Waldo Mysterious's birth signifies the start of a new chapter, filled with love, laughter, and plenty of Where's Waldo? books.