article: (CNN) -- Rafael Nadal is back. After battling a knee injury which threatened to derail his glittering career, the Spaniard is back on track and back on top following a 6-2 3-6 6-4 6-1 win over world No. 1 Novak Djokovic in the U.S. Open final. The second seed recovered from losing the second set and emerged victorious from an energy-sapping third to win his 13th grand slam and his 22nd consecutive hard-court match. The Mallorcan, who added the Flushing Meadows title to the French Open crown he clinched earlier this year, now trails only Pete Sampras (14) and his great rival Roger Federer (17) in the list of all-time major winners. He also now holds a significant lead over Djokovic in the race to end 2013 at the top of the world rankings. Not bad for a player whose ability to compete at the highest level was called into question in June after a straight-sets defeat to 135th-ranked Steve Darcis in the first round of Wimbledon. "I never thought something like this could happen, I'm so excited to be back on tour trying to be competitive," Nadal told the U.S. Open's official website after avenging his final defeat to Djokovic in the 2011 final. "But I never thought about competing for what I have competed for this year, all the Masters 1000s, two grand slams ... so it is just more than a dream for me. "I'm very happy for everything. It's true that I worked, but you need luck to be where I am today." Blog: Can Serena become the greatest ever? Six-time grand slam champion Djokovic has now tasted defeat in consecutive U.S. Open finals, his latest disappointment coming after his loss to Andy Murray in the 2012 title match. In fact, the Serb has been in four consecutive finals of the New York grand slam, his only victory coming against Nadal two years ago. "All the credit to him," said Djokovic after the 37th meeting between the two players. "I had my momentum from midway through the second set to end of the third where I was supposed to use it and realize the opportunities that were presented to me. "I didn't do it. I didn't deserve to win in the end. "It's obviously disappointing to lose a match like this, but again it was a huge privilege and honor to be fighting for this trophy."
highlights: Rafael Nadal wins second U.S. Open title, 13th grand slam . He won three of four sets, dropping only the second . He has made triumphant return from knee injury .
id: 05f103fe82ded462c7c330b45b4bbcb55f493d38
chatgpt: In a thrilling final at the U.S. Open, Rafael Nadal claimed his second title at Flushing Meadows and his 13th grand slam overall. The Spaniard defeated his Russian opponent Daniil Medvedev in four sets, dropping only the second set along the way. Nadal's victory is even more impressive considering the challenges he has faced over the last few years. The 33-year-old has battled a string of knee injuries that have forced him to withdraw from several tournaments, including the U.S. Open in 2018. But Nadal proved that he is still one of the best players in the world, making a triumphant return to the court this year. He won the French Open earlier this year, and his victory at the U.S. Open is further proof that he is back at the top of his game. The final against Medvedev was an intense affair, with both players showcasing their skills and tenacity. The first set went according to plan, with Nadal taking it 7-5 in front of a packed crowd. However, Medvedev fought back in the second set, breaking Nadal twice to take it 6-3. Nadal came back firing in the third set, breaking Medvedev's serve twice to take it 6-4. The fourth set was a nail-biter, with both players trading blows and refusing to give an inch. Nadal managed to break Medvedev's serve in the seventh game, and he held on to his own serve to close out the match 7-5, 6-3, 5-7, 4-6, 6-4. Speaking after the match, Nadal admitted that it was a tough battle. "It's been one of the most emotional nights in my tennis career," he said. "It's been an amazing final. Daniil is a great player. He has a great future in front. I really believe that he will be able to win grand slams, not only one.” Nadal's victory at the U.S. Open cements his place as one of the all-time greats of the sport. He is now just one grand slam behind Roger Federer's all-time record of 20, and with his current form, there is no doubt that he will be eyeing that particular milestone. For tennis fans around the world, Nadal's triumph at the U.S. Open is yet another reminder of his incredible talent and resilience. After all the injuries and setbacks, he has once again proved that he is capable of producing magic on the court, and there's no telling what he will achieve next.