article: More than a quarter of Scottish voters believe British spies are working to stop the country voting for independence, a new poll has revealed. Some 26 per cent of Scots think it is ‘probably true’ the security services are working to protect the union ahead of the referendum on 18 September. The findings illustrate the growing divide between Scotland and Westminster which is fuelling the 'Yes'  campaign for independence. Scroll down for video . Scottish voters are increasingly distrustful of Westminster politicians, a new YouGov poll has revealed . Scottish voters trust politicians based in Holyrood, Edinburgh, more than those based in Westminster . Many Scots do not believe warnings from UK politicians that the country would be blocked from using the pound. SNP leader Alex Salmond has dismissed the threat as a bluff. A poll published by YouGov this weekend showed voters overwhelmingly mistrust David Cameron and Ed Miliband. Just under three quarters of Scots said they did not trust what the Prime Minister said about independence. Seven in 10 voters north of the border meanwhile do not trust the Labour leader. Alex Salmond’s trust ratings are much higher. The Scottish First Minister is trusted by four in 10 Scots. The level of distrust is exposed by the latest YouGov poll, published by the website Buzzfeed, asking Scots about underhand tactics by the UK Government to sabotage the referendum. The poll questioned the same 1,084 Scottish individuals from yesterday’s bombshell Sunday Times survey which gave the ‘Yes’ to independence campaign a two point lead. The poll found almost half of Scots believe the British government is hiding new oil reserves found in the North Sea during the referendum campaign. Alex Salmond has claimed that new technology could release an extra £600billion worth of oil, while Better Together says such claims are wildly optimistic. The survey alsol found 19 per cent of Scots believe the referendum will probably be rigged. Andrew Parker, the  Director General of MI5, is believed by a quarter of Scots to be campaigning to keep Scotland in the union . Senior Scottish nationalists have previously suggested British spies could engage in a dirty tricks campaign to stop Scotland breaking away from the rest of the UK. The late Margo MacDonald MSP wrote to the chiefs of Britain’s security services in 2013, urging them not to let their spies interfere in the independence debate. Former SNP deputy leader Jim Sillars suggested it is ‘naive’ to imagine MI5 is not taking a role in the independence campaign.
highlights: Poll shows 26% think it is 'probably true' that MI5 are working for union . Half of Scots believe the Government is hiding new North Sea oil reserves . One in five voters also believe  the referendum will probably be rigged . Findings come amid growing mistrust between Scot voters and London .
id: fe65aa104e50ba2ead735577f95939efc11c8e7d
chatgpt: A new poll has shown that more than a quarter of Scots believe it is "probably true" that MI5, the UK intelligence agency, is working for the union. The poll also found that half of Scots believe the UK government is hiding North Sea oil reserves, while one in five voters believe that the upcoming independence referendum will be rigged. The poll results come amid a growing sense of mistrust between Scottish voters and London. In recent months, many Scots have become increasingly disillusioned with the UK government, accusing it of neglecting their interests and imposing policies that are detrimental to Scotland. The belief that MI5 is working for the union is particularly worrying, as it suggests that many Scots have little faith in the country's intelligence services. It is also indicative of the wider sense of distrust that has developed between Scotland and the rest of the UK. The poll found that 26% of respondents believed it was "probably true" that MI5 is working for the union, while a further 39% said they weren't sure either way. Just 35% of respondents said they didn't believe the claim. The belief that the UK government is hiding new North Sea oil reserves is similarly worrying. Scotland relies heavily on income from the oil industry, and accusations that the government is hoarding oil reserves could further damage the already fraught relationship between Scotland and the rest of the UK. The poll found that 50% of Scots believe the government is hiding North Sea oil reserves, while 23% said they weren't sure. Only 27% of respondents said they didn't believe the claim. The belief that the referendum will be rigged is also concerning, particularly as the vote will be a crucial moment in Scotland's history. Many Scots feel strongly that they should have the right to determine their own future, and accusations of vote-rigging could undermine the legitimacy of the vote. The poll found that 20% of voters believe the referendum will be rigged, while a further 43% said they weren't sure. Only 37% of respondents said they didn't believe the claim. Overall, the poll results suggest that there is a significant amount of mistrust and suspicion among Scottish voters. The Scottish government will need to work hard to address these concerns, and to convince Scots that their voices will be heard and their interests taken seriously. Failure to do so could have serious consequences for both Scotland and the wider UK.