article: (CNN)  -- Soccer fans should not "dwell" on the hand ball committed by French player Thierry Henry, former teammate Zinedine Zidane said in his defense Saturday. French forward Henry admitted to using his hand illegally to set up the goal that gave his team a 2-1 aggregate victory Wednesday against Ireland. France's victory pushed Ireland out of a spot at the 2010 World Cup. "What I just want to say is that Thierry Henry is not a cheater, even if it is a big foul and he committed it, let's not dwell on it," former teammate and captain for the French team, Zidane said to CNN affiliate BFMTV. "I don't think he should take more blame. It's a fact of the game that's certainly difficult to accept for the Irish but something that happens very often on the football field. I just want to say that's a lot for Henry to take." And Zidane knows what it's like to be in the spotlight -- for the good and bad. Zidane won every major honor in the game, including the 1998 World Cup. But during the last game of his 18-year professional career, he head-butted Italy's Marco Materazzi during the 2006 World Cup final game. France lost that match. France won Wednesday's match that has some Ireland fans feeling cheated. Video replays from the game shows Henry used his hand to stop the ball going out of play in extra time before he passed to William Gallas, who then scored the goal that secured France's place in the World Cup. The Football Association of Ireland (FAI) requested a replay of Wednesday's controversial game, but the governing body of world football, FIFA, declined Friday. The Irish association also called on the French Football Federation to replay the game. "We regret that despite our best efforts for a replay, which would have restored the integrity of the game in front of a world-wide audience, our calls appear to have fallen on deaf ears at the French Football Federation," FAI chief John Delaney said in a statement. "Without doubt, the credibility of fair-play has been damaged by this incident in front of a world-wide audience." In its bid for a do-over, the FAI pointed to precedent set in 2005 when a World Cup qualifier between Uzbekistan and Bahrain was replayed after the referee was found to have committed a technical error. But a FIFA spokesman said the precedent did not apply to Wednesday's game because the referee in the 2005 match "saw the incident in question and simply failed to apply the proper rules." The FAI plans to "continue to call on FIFA to take action to ensure that such damaging examples of cheating are not allowed to recur," Delaney said.
highlights: Former teammate Zinedine Zidane comes to defense of Thierry Henry . Henry admits a replay would be the "fairest solution" in handball row . Henry set up decisive goal for France in their World Cup playoff  with Ireland .
id: 9047c89c306725c5f8ed3e0d306d5686c108662e
chatgpt: Former French national teammate Zinedine Zidane has come to the defense of Thierry Henry, after Henry admitted a replay would be the "fairest solution" to the handball controversy that followed France's World Cup playoff against Ireland in 2009. Henry, who is now the coach of Montreal Impact, was heavily criticized after he handled the ball before setting up the decisive goal for France in their playoffs with Ireland, which saw France go on to qualify for the 2010 World Cup. The incident, which became known as the "Hand of Henry," was a major talking point in the football world, with many calling for Henry to be penalized for his actions. However, in a recent interview, Henry admitted that a replay would be the "fairest solution" to the controversy, stating that the fact that France went on to qualify for the World Cup did not excuse his actions. In response to Henry's comments, fellow former French national teammate Zinedine Zidane has defended Henry, stating that the controversy was blown out of proportion. “Thierry has nothing to be ashamed of, and his integrity is beyond question," said Zidane in a recent interview. "The incident was unfortunate, but it was not Thierry's fault. The referee and his assistants should have seen what happened." Zidane went on to praise Henry's contribution to the French national team, stating that his former teammate was a true professional who always played with passion and determination. "Thierry was a fantastic player who always gave his all for his country," said Zidane. "He was a role model for young players, and his dedication to the game was second to none." Despite Zidane's defense of Henry, the controversy surrounding the "Hand of Henry" continues to divide opinion. Some argue that Henry's actions were a blatant example of cheating and that he should have been punished for his role in the incident. However, others argue that the referee and his assistants should have done more to prevent the incident from occurring and that Henry's actions were simply a product of the heat of the moment. Either way, there is no denying that the incident left a mark on the footballing world, and it will be remembered as one of the most controversial moments in recent memory.