article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 16:00 EST, 28 July 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 16:07 EST, 28 July 2012 . The wife of Chinese politician Bo Xilai has agreed to be defended by government-appointed lawyers after being accused of murdering British businessman Neil Heywood. Gu Kailai, 53, known as the Jackie Kennedy of China, and an aide were charged last week with poisoning Neil Heywood, 41, in November. Ms Gu’s decision to accept two government lawyers rather than use her own private attorneys suggests there are behind-the-scenes negotiations taking place between her and the Chinese Politburo, said one expert. Victim and suspect: Chinese prosecutors are charging Gu Kailai (right), the wife of a top Communist Party official, with the murder of British businessman Paul Heywood (left) The state-run news agency Xinhua said Mrs Gu and a family aide, Zhang Xiaojun, were both charged with poisoning Mr Heywood. The charge marks a dramatic fall from grace for Mrs Gu, the daughter of a Mao-era revolutionary hero. The lawyers are based in the Anhui province, where the trial will take place. It is 700 miles east of Chongqing, . where Mr Heywood was found dead in a hotel room and where Ms Gu’s . husband was the Communist Party boss. Murky dealings: Mrs Gu with husband Bo Xilai, the purged Communist leader of Chongqinq, and their son Bo Guagua . Mr Bo was removed from the Communist Party after his wife was arrested in April. He is now under house arrest. Mr Heywood, who lived in Beijing with . his Chinese wife and two children, was summoned to Chongqing for a . meeting last November and was found dead a day later. It has been alleged he was murdered after he threatened Ms Gu’s son Bo Guagua, 24, in a dispute over money. State media said Mrs Gu and her son had ‘conflicts with Mr Heywood over economic interests’ and that Mrs Gu was worried about a ‘threat to her son’s personal security’. Scene: Neil Heywood was killed at the Nanshan Lijing Holiday Hotel in Chongqing last November . There have also been reports Mr . Heywood helped Ms Gu smuggle money out of China, and that she funnelled . up to £3.8 billion to overseas accounts. Mr Heywood also helped Bo Guagua get a . place at top British public school Harrow. He then went on to study at . Oxford and Harvard. There is speculation the money Ms Gu . allegedly smuggled out of China funded her son’s £60,000- a-year Harvard . education and extravagant lifestyle.
highlights: Gu Kailai charged with murder along with family 'aide' Zhang Xiaojun . Authorities believe she transferred $6 billion (£3.85 billion) out of China .
id: 185a332d1a1fd8ce118a453ae173f078e3b5614f
chatgpt: Gu Kailai, the wife of ousted Chinese politician Bo Xilai, has been charged with murder along with her family aide Zhang Xiaojun. The charges were announced by the Chinese authorities after a lengthy investigation. According to the authorities, Gu Kailai and Zhang Xiaojun were involved in the murder of British businessman Neil Heywood, who was found dead in a hotel room in the southwestern city of Chongqing in November last year. Gu Kailai was arrested in April, along with Zhang Xiaojun, on suspicion of committing the murder. The investigation into the case has been closely watched around the world, with many wondering what the outcome of the trial will be. In addition to the murder charges, Gu Kailai is also accused of transferring $6 billion (£3.85 billion) out of China. The authorities allege that she used her political connections to help her transfer the money out of the country illegally. The details of the case have been closely guarded by the Chinese authorities, with little information released to the public. However, the announcement of the charges against Gu Kailai and Zhang Xiaojun has brought some much-needed clarity to the case. The trial of Gu Kailai and Zhang Xiaojun is expected to begin in the coming weeks, with many observers expecting a swift and decisive verdict. The Chinese authorities have made it clear that they will not tolerate corruption and illegal activities, and will take strong action against those found guilty. The case has also raised questions about the state of politics in China, and the extent to which powerful politicians and their families are able to wield power and influence. Many have accused Bo Xilai, Gu Kailai's husband, of being involved in the case, but there has been no official word on whether he will also face charges. The trial of Gu Kailai and Zhang Xiaojun is expected to be closely watched by the international community, with many hoping that justice will be served in the case of Neil Heywood. The Chinese authorities have promised a fair and transparent trial, but many questions still remain unanswered in the case. In conclusion, the charges against Gu Kailai and Zhang Xiaojun have shed some light on the mysterious case of Neil Heywood's death, and have also raised questions about the state of politics in China. The trial of the two suspects is expected to be a major event in the coming weeks, and will be closely followed by the international community.