article: Thirty-four years after his friend and songwriting partner John Lennon was shot and killed, Paul McCartney still remembers the jolt of his death. "I just for days couldn't think that he was gone. ... It was just a huge shock," McCartney told UK talk-show host Jonathan Ross. Lennon was shot to death by Mark David Chapman on December 8, 1980, at the entrance to his New York apartment building, the Dakota. He was 40 years old and had just released "Double Fantasy," an album with wife Yoko Ono, after five years away from the spotlight. McCartney, who was criticized at the time for his seemingly glib remark, "It's a drag, innit?" when asked for his reaction to the news, remembers being unable to process the loss for quite some time. "I was at home, and I got a phone call. It was early in the morning. ... It was just so horrific. You couldn't take it in, and I couldn't take it in," he said. He had known Lennon since 1957, when both were teenagers, and thought of them like brothers -- a comparison Lennon agreed with. "He's like a brother. I love him," Lennon said in his last interview. "Families -- we certainly have our ups and downs and our quarrels. But at the end of the day, when it's all said and done, I would do anything for him, and I think he would do anything for me." McCartney takes some comfort in the knowledge that he and Lennon, who had sniped at each other following the Beatles' split in 1970, had gotten to be friends again before Lennon's death. "I'm so glad, because it would have been the worst thing in the world to have this great relationship that then soured and he gets killed, so there was some solace in the fact that we got back together. We were good friends," McCartney said. "The story about the break-up, it's true, but it's not the main bit. The main bit was the affection."
highlights: Paul McCartney on John Lennon's death: "It was just a huge shock" Lennon was killed 34 years ago Monday . McCartney was glad the pair repaired their friendship before Lennon's death .
id: 7fc610534ba17b267204ceac63ff0921c6b6e198
chatgpt: Paul McCartney reflects on the death of his former Beatles bandmate, John Lennon, on the 34th anniversary of his passing. McCartney expressed his disbelief and shock upon hearing the news of Lennon's murder in 1980. "It was just a huge shock," McCartney shared in a recent interview. "I couldn't believe it, because even though we hadn't been working together, we were still very good friends." McCartney and Lennon had a famously tumultuous relationship during their time in the Beatles. However, they were able to repair their friendship in the months leading up to Lennon's death, which McCartney regarded as a source of comfort in the aftermath of the tragic event. "I was glad we got friendly again," McCartney said. "It was great to get back to where we had been before the business got in the way." Lennon was shot and killed outside his home in New York City on December 8, 1980 by Mark David Chapman. The Beatles had disbanded ten years prior, but their music continued to define a generation, and Lennon's death had a profound impact on music lovers around the world. McCartney spoke to the enduring impact of Lennon's music and legacy, saying, "John was a great songwriter, a great performer, a great musician, and a great friend. He was one of the best, and we miss him dearly." The anniversary of Lennon's death is a time for reflection and remembrance for many Beatles fans around the world. McCartney's words offer a poignant reminder of the impact Lennon had on his life and the world of music. While their friendship may have had its ups and downs, McCartney will always be grateful for the bond they shared and their lasting legacy as pioneers of rock and roll.