article: (InStyle.com) -- When "The Mary Tyler Moore Show" premiered on September 19, 1970, it was almost revolutionary: the first television series focused on an independent (read: unmarried) career girl. And Mary's wardrobe was a little bit revolutionary too -- working women across the country were quick to copy her colorful dresses and wide-legged pantsuits. To celebrate the iconic program's fortieth anniversary, InStyle takes a look back at five fashionable TV shows -- and characters -- that have influenced women's at-work style. "The Mary Tyler Moore Show'' Mary Richards lived in wintry Minneapolis and therefore had no shortage of cute cold-weather staples, including double-breasted coats, knee-high boots, and that famous blue tam. But it was her 70s work-wear that most women sought: colorful scarves, two-piece suits, and bright, office-appropriate dresses. See all 10 shows that influenced women's at-work wardrobes . "Dynasty" Okay, so the Carrington women weren't exactly your typical 9-to-5ers. Nevertheless, the big-shouldered, wasp-waisted creations worn by oil mogul Alexis (Joan Collins) and her longtime rival Krystle (Linda Evans) were popular enough with fans that the show spawned a signature fashion line, "The Dynasty Collection" which was designed by the show's costumer, Nolan Miller. "Ally McBeal" In 1998, shortly after the show's first season finale, Ally McBeal's disembodied head appeared on the cover of Time magazine along with the question, "Is Feminism Dead?" Despite the conclusions reached by that article (is it really fair to compare a fictional character to activists and thinkers like Susan B. Anthony and Gloria Steinem?), women do owe something to the flighty young lawyer played by Calista Flockhart: She almost singlehandedly made the workplace safe for bare legs, freeing us from the tyranny of mandatory pantyhose. InStyle.com: Fall's top trends for the office . "Sex and the City" The amount of money that Carrie (Sarah Jessica Parker), a freelance writer, spent on shoes was so improbable that it eventually became a plot point; her clothes only got more prohibitively expensive as the show went on. Still, "Sex and the City"had an enormous impact on regular women's style: Aside from all of those quickly knocked off (and forgotten) nameplate necklaces and oversized faux corsages, the ladies' willingness to play with fashion inspired legions. InStyle.com: See Carrie Bradshaw's best looks ever . "Mad Men" It's set in the early 1960s, but the best ensembles on "Mad Men" for example, almost anything worn by Joan (Christina Hendricks) would look chic, virtually unaltered, in today's offices. In fact, the show has heavily influenced fashion in the four years it's been on the air. This fall's runways were dominated by richly colored dresses, circle skirts and camel coats, straight from the "Mad Men" era. InStyle.com: See Mad Men's mod season 4 style . Want more? Check out the other shows that influenced women's at-work wardrobes, only on InStyle.com! Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE! Copyright © 2010 Time Inc. All rights reserved.
highlights: InStyle takes a look back at five fashionable TV shows . The "Mary Tyler Moore Show" brought colorful scarves, two-piece suits and bright dresses . "Sex and the City" made a major impact on women's willingness to play with style .
id: 983e3ccef336025ff76fa10b585a98e97fb6daff
chatgpt: Fashion has always been an integral part of popular culture, and TV shows have been a significant influence on fashion trends of different eras. In recent years, there have been many shows that have brought style to the forefront, but few can match the influence and impact of "The Mary Tyler Moore Show" and "Sex and the City." In a retrospective look, InStyle takes a peek at five of the most fashionable TV shows in history. The "Mary Tyler Moore Show" was a trailblazing show of its time, running from 1970-1977. It featured Mary Tyler Moore playing a single working woman in her thirties who made it in a male-dominated newsroom. The show not only paved the way for a series of female-led sitcoms but also introduced an entirely new fashion sense. The show's costume designer, Leslie Hall, created the character's wardrobe with modern sensibilities, using bright colors, two-piece suits, and multiple accessories, including colorful scarves. Mary's wardrobe choices were ahead of their time, and they inspired a breed of fashionable professional women looking for the ultimate power look. "Sex and the City," on the other hand, features a group of four New York women about 30 years after "The Mary Tyler Moore Show." It was a fashion-forward series that chronicled the lives of the main characters, Carrie Bradshaw (Sarah Jessica Parker), Charlotte York (Kristin Davis), Samantha Jones (Kim Cattrall), and Miranda Hobbes (Cynthia Nixon). The TV show premiered in 1998 and ran for six seasons, before being adapted into two films. The show's legacy when it comes to fashion is indelible, with "Sex and the City" still influencing the fashion industry in both garments and lifestyles. Costume designer Patricia Field made most of the characters' clothes by combining vintage finds, prêt-à-porter, and a significant amount of designer pieces. The final result of their wardrobe choices was groundbreaking, as the ladies of the show didn't follow any conventional style formula. Carrie Bradshaw, especially, stood out with her eclectic, flamboyant, and daring wardrobe choices. The show's stylistic influence is best summed up by the Sex and the City bus tours offered in NYC, where avid fans can tour locations featured in the show. Another show that can't be forgotten when discussing fashionable TV shows is "Gossip Girl." Running from 2007 to 2012, the show was a cult classic from the start, following the lives of privileged teenagers in a private school situated in the Upper East Side of Manhattan. The show's characters were wealthy, beautiful, and most importantly, fashionable. Head costume designer, Eric Daman, created an ultra-luxurious wardrobe that featured tons of designer pieces, such as Oscar de la Renta, Carolina Herrera, and Elie Saab. Blair Waldorf (Leighton Meester) emerged as the show's fashion queen, with her preppy and polished wardrobe style. Her bold, colorful headbands and uptown-girl aesthetics still influence fashionistas today. Finally, the fashion sense of "Mad Men" also made waves when the show premiered in 2007. Created by Matthew Weiner, the show's setting was a 1960s advertising agency on Madison Avenue, featuring the advertising industry's dress code of the time, i.e., suits and quaffed hairstyles. The show's costume designer, Janie Bryant, created the wardrobes featuring form-flattering skirts and dresses and bespoke suits, embodying the period's iconic 1960s styles. The show reintroduced the vintage aesthetic considered fashionable again, and as such, vintage clothing stores are popping up in cities worldwide. In conclusion, fashion and TV shows are inseparable, and over the years, many shows have left their mark on fashion history. From "The Mary Tyler Moore Show" to "Sex and the City," "Gossip Girl," and "Mad Men," these shows don't merely entertain but inspire fashion trends and make enduring cultural impacts.