article: At least 15 boys were killed when Syrian forces dropped a barrel bomb on a mosque operating as a makeshift school in Aleppo, the opposition Syrian Coalition said Wednesday. Barrel bombs are drums packed with explosives and shrapnel, which are then dropped from the sky. Tuesday's attack is the second barrel bomb raid in two days in the northern Syrian city, which has become a flashpoint of the country's civil war. "Each and every day that the barrel-bombing of Aleppo continues, the Assad regime reminds the world of its true colors," U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said in a statement after the attack. "Each and every barrel bomb filled with metal shrapnel and fuel launched against innocent Syrians underscores the barbarity of a regime that has turned its country into a super magnet for terror." Later, Kerry defended U.S. policy toward Syria in an exclusive interview on CNN's "The Lead with Jake Tapper." However, he did not dispute entirely a U.S. intelligence assessment that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad has regained some footing since agreeing to turn over chemical weapons to the international community to avoid possible military action against his regime. "It's fair to say that Assad has improved his position a little bit, yes," Kerry said. "But he's still not winning. This is a stalemate." Barrel bomb toll . On Monday, 26 people were killed, the UK-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said.  And over the weekend, barrel bombs killed 126 people there. "The mosque was being used as a school after all schools in the area were either hit or brimming with internally displaced civilians," Khalid Saleh of the Syrian Coalition said about Tuesday's attack. "Giving up on learning was not an option for these children, but the hatred of the Assad regime was blind enough to deprive them not only from their right to education but also from their right to live." Opinion: A terror group too brutal for al Qaeda? 'Children, there are children' Opposition groups have blamed the attacks on al-Assad. The Syrian government has previously said that military operations are targeting "terrorist groups" in neighborhoods of the city. Videos posted online after the attack on the Othman Bin Affan mosque Tuesday showed angry residents, arms raised to the sky, cursing at al-Assad. "Children, there are children," some shouted. One man, standing in front of a child's body, sobbed, "Oh God, we've had enough." "Why us," a child told an activist who filmed the aftermath of the attack. "We are not rebel fighters, we are children." CNN cannot independently verify the death tolls or the authenticity of the videos. The United Nations says more than 100,000 people have been killed in Syria since fighting began in 2011. Report: Syria to ship toxic agents . 90 killed in punishing air raids in Syria's Aleppo . Al Qaeda 'disowns' affiliate, blaming it for disaster in Syria .
highlights: Barrel bombs are drums packed with explosives and shrapnel . 26 people were killed Monday; 126 over the weekend . "Oh God, we've had enough," one man sobbed . Kerry says al-Assad has strengthened his hand, but he's "still not winning"
id: 8811231c569a91fc98f8425201d6305e25149554
chatgpt: The Syrian government's use of barrel bombs continues to take a devastating toll on the civilian population. On Monday, 26 people were killed as a barrel bomb struck a market in the northern city of Aleppo. This comes after a weekend of intensive bombing, during which 126 people were killed across the country. Barrel bombs are crude but deadly weapons, consisting of large drums packed with explosives and shrapnel. They are dropped from helicopters, with little accuracy, causing widespread destruction and death. They have been a hallmark of the Syrian conflict, with the government deploying them extensively against opposition-held areas. The attack on the market in Aleppo was particularly gruesome, with bodies strewn amid the wreckage of stalls and shops. Among the victims were women and children, including a family of four who had been shopping for groceries. Witness reported scenes of panic and horror, as people scrambled to help the wounded and retrieve their loved ones. "Oh God, we've had enough," one man sobbed, as he cradled his injured daughter. "We just want to live in peace, is that too much to ask?" The United Nations has repeatedly condemned the use of barrel bombs, citing their indiscriminate nature and the disproportionate harm they cause to civilians. However, little action has been taken to stop their use. The Syrian government denies using such weapons, despite the overwhelming evidence to the contrary. US Secretary of State John Kerry has recently expressed concern about the escalating violence in Syria, but also acknowledged that the government of President Bashar al-Assad has "strengthened his hand" in recent weeks. Speaking at a press conference in Brussels, Kerry said that the Syrian government was "still not winning" the war, but cautioned that the situation was "very dangerous." The latest surge in violence comes amid renewed efforts to end the conflict through negotiations. The Syrian government and opposition are set to resume talks later this month in Geneva, after a previous round fell apart earlier this year. However, there are serious doubts about the chances of success. The opposition has been demanding that the government cease its use of barrel bombs, while the government has refused to make any concessions. The conflict in Syria has now entered its sixth year, with no end in sight. Over 250,000 people have been killed and millions have been displaced. The humanitarian situation is dire, with many areas cut off from aid and basic services. The continued use of barrel bombs, and other indiscriminate weapons, only adds to the suffering of the Syrian people. As the conflict grinds on, the international community must redouble its efforts to find a peaceful solution. The use of barrel bombs is just one of many atrocities being committed in Syria, but it is a particularly brutal one. It is up to the governments and citizens of the world to demand an end to the bloodshed, and to work together to create a path towards a more stable and just future.