article: By . Tania Steere . A West End director has warned that theatres may need to bring in measures to curb the use of mobile phones after a nude performance was stopped because a man was suspected of filming the actors. Actor David Judge interrupted the performance of Athol Fugard’s Statements, a play in which the two lead actors at naked for most of the time, after he and fellow cast member Jasmine Hyde thought they spotted a man in the front row using his phone continuously. The actors suspected he was filming the show, but when he was questioned by staff at Jermyn Street Theatre, the man said he was texting his son who was ill. Nude drama: West End director Anthony Biggs  has warned that theatres may need to bring in measures to curb the use of mobile phones after an incident with naked actors and an audience member at Jermyn Street Theatre in London. File picture . Anthony Biggs, the theatre’s artistic director, told the Evening Standard: ‘Both actors were very concerned by what was happening. ‘Initially they just thought someone was texting, but the phone’s screen stayed on, and the man, who was just four feet away from them, seemed to be pointing it towards the actors.’ Theatre staff checked the man’s phone but did not find evidence of any footage of the play. Mr Biggs warned mobile phones can ‘ruin the experience’ of theatre and new measures may have to be brought in to curb usage during shows. The two actors at Jermyn Street Theatre (pictured) feared the man was filming them as they appeared on stage naked . Mr Biggs said theatres  may have to order audience members to leave if their phones go off and then ban them, ask them to hand in their phones at the beginning or even  use technology to block mobile phone and internet signals. He added: ‘In a live show audiences are part of the performance, it’s totally different to the cinema, they can ruin the experience, for example when David had to come out of character, it broke the spell and ruined the show. ‘At the moment we are fighting against a tide, and this will continue to happen unless we address why  people cannot disconnect from their phone for an hour and a half to experience live theatre.’
highlights: Actors stopped performance of 'Statements' after seeing man using phone . The audience member claimed he was just texting his son . Now director Anthony Biggs has warned of measures against phone use .
id: 4004536c2b6803b09eca0016f494111077e930cf
chatgpt: A theater performance titled 'Statements' was briefly interrupted at the weekend after the actors on stage noticed a member of the audience using their phone. The man, who was later identified as a middle-aged father, claimed he was simply texting his son. However, the cast felt disturbed and immediately halted the performance. Speaking after the incident, the theater's director, Anthony Biggs, said that such occurrences were becoming more common than ever before. He acknowledged that performers were now becoming more aware of the use of phones in theaters and how it was a major distraction. He warned that the use of phones, tablets and other mobile devices in the theater was becoming more common, where its influence extends beyond its primary purpose of communication, to the detriment of their art. "Actors give their all on stage and phone use interrupts performances, endangering the experience for everyone," said Biggs. As a result of this trend, many theaters are putting forward measures to stop people using their phones. These include timed-phone detectors installed at the entrance to the auditorium, making announcements before a show to remind audiences to switch off their phones, and even hiring ushers to enforce the rules. Biggs revealed that his theater was also taking similar steps to address this problem. He assured attendees that they would be notified in advance of the venue's policy on phone usage and said that ushers would be making regular rounds to ensure they weren't being used during performances. "We want to keep the experience of live theater as special and immersive as possible, and that includes removing any distractions that might take away from the moment. We want audiences to be fully engaged with the play and those around them, and not be distracted by phone use," he said. Biggs acknowledged that there would always be the occasional emergency call or text message that might require attention, but asked audiences to use discretion when it comes to their phones. The objective for theaters is not to remove phones entirely, but rather to mitigate their usage so that performances can take place without unnecessary interruptions. Ultimately, anyone attending a theater performance owes it to the actors, fellow theatergoers, and themselves to respect the sanctity of the art form. Until phone manufacturers create a 'theatre' mode feature that disables notifications during performances, it's the responsibility of the audience themselves to ensure that they are giving it their full attention.