article: A 6ft 4in cow from Illinois has been named the tallest in the world. Blosom, a 13-year-old Holstein Friesian cow, is owned by Patty Hanson and lives on her farm in Orangeville. Patty and Blosom posed for their official Guinness World Records photo shoot this week. Scroll down for video . A 6ft 4in cow from Illinois has been named the tallest in the world . At the end of May, family and friends began documenting Blosom's mass through photos and videos . Blosom reaches Hanson's shoulder which is actually taller than Bulls star Derrick Rose. She is so big that Blosom barely fits in the chute for the foot trimmer. She says she knew Blosom was special when she was a calf. Blosom's owner says she knew Blosom was special when she was a calf . Hanson says she sought the record after veterinarians and the cow's foot trimmer constantly noted the 2,000lb animal's large size . Blosom is taller than Bulls star Derrick Rose . After learning the cow couldn't bear a calf, she decided to keep the tame animal as a pet instead of sending Blosom to slaughter, reports RRStar.com. 'Blosom is the pride of the farm,' Hanson said. 'I love to share her with my guests and she loves to greet them. 'Many of my guests come from the city, and to have a cow officially greet them adds to the ambiance of the farm. Blosom is so popular that she even has her own Facebook page. Hanson says she sought the record after veterinarians and the cow's foot trimmer constantly noted the 2,000lb animal's large size. At the end of May, family and friends began documenting Blosom's mass through photos and videos. Her official measurements were taken by a vet from Orangeville Animal Health Service. Hanson received an email in mid-August saying Blosom had been granted the honor. Blosom turned 13 in July. Hanson said she wants to turn Blosom's story into a children's book someday. According to the Guinness Book of Records the shortest cow is Blaze, who measures 69.07 cm (2 ft 3.19 in) from the hoof to the withers, as verified in Sanford, Florida, on 7 July 2013. Blaze is an eight-year-old miniature Zebu cow born on 12 September 2005 and owned by Steven DeMoor and Christian Agnew. In 2008 a black and white Friesian bullock which weighed well over a ton and was the same height as a small elephant vied for the crown in the UK. His owners contacted the Guinness Book of Records saying he was 6ft 6in.
highlights: Blosom, who is 13-years-old,  lives on a farm in Orangeville . She was awarded title by the Guinness Book of Records . Pet cow turned is aged 13 and is actually taller than Bulls star Derrick Rose .
id: d8a357a5590f7f491e789ec40aafa56ac0f3cd3b
chatgpt: Blosom, a 13-year-old pet cow from Orangeville, has been awarded the title of world’s tallest cow by the Guinness Book of Records. Standing at a remarkable 6ft 4in from hoof to shoulder, Blosom has surpassed Bulls star Derrick Rose, who stands at 6ft 3in. Blosom, who lives on a farm in Orangeville, has become a local celebrity and has been visited by locals who are fascinated by her amazing size. Her owner, Patty Hanson, has cared for Blosom since she was a calf and has seen her grow into the impressive animal she is today. “I’ve always known she was a big cow, but never thought she could be world record material” said Patty. “When the Guinness people came out and measured her, I was shocked. I never imagined that Blosom could be the world’s tallest cow.” Blosom was measured for the record in August 2014, and it was confirmed by the Guinness Book of Records in September of the same year. Since then, she has been making headlines around the world and has become a celebrity amongst animal lovers. Blosom is not the first animal to be awarded a Guinness World Record. In 2015, a cat from the UK named Barley was awarded the title of World’s Loudest Purr, while a dog from Brazil named Zeus was declared to have the World’s Longest Tongue. Blosom’s owners have said that they are honoured to have her in their lives and are excited to see where her fame will take her. They have also highlighted the important role that cows play in agriculture and the economy. “Cows like Blosom are an important part of our lives and our economy,” said Patty. “They produce milk and beef that feed and nourish people around the world. We are proud of Blosom’s achievement and hope that it will shine a light on the important role that cows play in our lives.” Blosom is living proof that sometimes, the most unlikely animals can become world-class stars. With her impressive height and outgoing personality, she has captured the hearts and minds of people everywhere and will continue to be an inspiration to animal lovers around the globe.