article: A Texas magazine has published a cover emblazoned with the words 'Taste Of Africa Comes To Dallas!' - just days before a Liberian man became America's first Ebola case in the state. The unfortunate Dallas Weekly front cover, published online on September 25, featured a map of Africa over a Texas flag with the attention-grabbing headline. The ill-timed cover was designed and published prior to the news last week that Liberian national Thomas Duncan, who arrived in Texas on September 20, had become the first person to be diagnosed with Ebola on American soil. Scroll down for video . The Dallas Weekly front cover was published on September 25 - just days before the city announced that the U.S. first Ebola case was being treated - a man who had traveled to Texas from Liberia in West Africa . However the magazine's Twitter account continued to tweet pictures of the front cover as late as October 3. The publication is described as the 'No.1 serving the African-American community' in the North Texas area and has been in circulation for more than 55 years. Mr Duncan has been hospitalized at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital since September 28 with his condition downgraded to critical on Saturday. The Ebola patient arrived in Dallas on September 20 and fell ill on September 23. He was initially sent home from Texas Presbyterian with antibiotics before being rushed back to the medical facility on September 28. Officials said ten people definitely had close contact with Duncan and a further 38 may have been around him when he was showing symptoms of the disease. Mr Duncan was staying with his girlfriend Louise Troh at a Dallas apartment when he became ill. On Friday a hazardous-materials crew hauled out items from the apartment in industrial barrels for permanent disposal. The Dallas Weekly tweeted its unfortunate front cover on October 3 following the news that the city was treating the U.S. first Ebola patient - who had arrived from Liberia in West Africa . A member of the clean-up crew takes a barrel of items out of the Dallas apartment on October 5 where Ebola patient Thomas Duncan was staying before being admitted to a Texas hospital . Thomas Duncan is now in a critical condition with Ebola at a Texas hospital after arriving from Liberia last month and subsequently being diagnosed with the virus .
highlights: The magazine's front cover, published online on September 25, features a map of Africa over a Texas flag . The cover is emblazoned with the words: 'Taste of Africa Comes To Dallas' The cover was published before it emerged that Liberian national Thomas Duncan, who arrived in Dallas on September 20, had Ebola . Mr Duncan is the first patient diagnosed with Ebola on American soil and is being treated at Texas Presbyterian in North Dallas . The patient's condition was downgraded to critical this weekend .
id: 62cbb5cf421e5027613eafb4dede0a87c879a354
chatgpt: A magazine cover featuring a map of Africa superimposed over the Texas flag and the words "Taste of Africa Comes To Dallas" has caused quite a stir. The cover was published online on September 25, but only gained national attention after news broke of the first confirmed case of Ebola in the United States. The cover is from the October edition of D Magazine, a popular lifestyle publication in Dallas, Texas. The cover story highlights the growing popularity of African cuisine in the city and the new African restaurants that have recently opened. Unfortunately, the timing of the cover could not have been worse. Just five days after the magazine hit newsstands, a Liberian national named Thomas Duncan arrived in Dallas and was diagnosed with Ebola. Duncan is currently being treated at Texas Presbyterian in North Dallas, the same city where the magazine is based. While the magazine certainly didn't do anything wrong, some critics have accused the publication of being insensitive to the ongoing crisis. Others have pointed out that the cover could help promote cultural understanding and break down stereotypes about Africa. Despite the negative attention, the magazine appears to be standing by its cover. In a statement to the media, Tim Rogers, the editor of D Magazine, said, "The cover of our October issue featuring an African flag superimposed on a state flag was intended as a representation of a cultural event in Dallas, and in no way was meant to be provocative or insensitive." Some observers have noted that the controversy surrounding the magazine cover highlights the difficult balance between promoting diversity and cultural understanding, and being sensitive to real-world issues like the Ebola crisis. And while the cover might have been published before the Ebola outbreak, it's hard to dispute that its timing was unfortunate. As for Mr. Duncan, the patient with Ebola, his condition has been downgraded to critical over the weekend, according to news reports. Doctors at Texas Presbyterian have yet to release a full update on his health status, though they have said that he is receiving experimental treatments. The news of Duncan's illness has sent shockwaves throughout the country, with many Americans worried about the potential spread of the virus. While it's still unclear how many people may have been exposed to the disease, health officials are closely monitoring anyone who may have had contact with Duncan. For Dallas residents, the arrival of Ebola in their city is a stark reminder of the global impacts of the disease, and the need for continued vigilance and support for those affected by it. As for D Magazine and their controversial cover, only time will tell if the publication's message of cultural understanding will ultimately outweigh the unfortunate timing of their story.