article: A grand jury in North Carolina indicted a man Monday on three counts of murder in the shootings of three young Muslims in what authorities have said was a dispute over parking spaces. Television stations WRAL and WTVD reported a grand jury in Durham County handed up the indictments Monday for 46-year-old Craig Hicks. No one answered a phone call from The Associated Press at the courthouse, which closed midday for an impending ice and snowstorm. Indicted: Craig Hicks, 46 (pictured), was indicted on three counts of murder on Monday in the shooting deaths of three Muslims in North Carolina . Gunned down: (From left) Deah Shaddy Barakat, 23, his wife Yusor Mohammad, 21, and her sister Razan Mohammad Abu-Salha, 19, were all shot dead near the University of North Carolina last Tuesday . Deah Shaddy Barakat, 23; his wife, Yusor Mohammad Abu-Salha, 21; and her sister, Razan Mohammad Abu-Salha, 19, were all found dead in their Chapel Hill condominium last week. Hicks was their neighbor, and others who lived nearby said he had frequent problems with where people parked in the complex near the University of North Carolina. Police in Chapel Hill have said they have not uncovered any evidence Hicks acted out of hatred for his neighbor's faith, but their investigation continues. The FBI is also investigating. Hicks, 46, is scheduled to be in court on the murder charges March 4. Too soon: People posted pictures of the couple, newly married, on Twitter just hours after they were both murdered. The couple are thought to have only been married a month when they were shot dead . Hicks described himself online as a 'gun toting' atheist. Search warrants listed a dozen firearms taken from his home, including four handguns, two shotguns and six rifles — as well as a large amount of ammunition. He was carrying a pistol when he turned himself in several hours after the Feb. 10 shooting. Family members of the victims have said they were executed with shots to the back of the head. Police have not discussed specifics on how they were killed. Hicks remains in jail without bond. His court-appointed lawyer, Stephen Freedman, has said he could not comment on the case.
highlights: Craig Hicks, 46, accused of shooting three young Muslims in argument over parking spaces . Couple Deah Shaddy Barakat, 23, and Yusor Mohammad, 21, killed alongside the bride's sisterRazan Mohammad Abu-Salha, 19 .
id: f20713993cc683cdfdd0231d53a711de17901b9c
chatgpt: In a shocking incident that has sent shockwaves across the country, a man has been accused of fatally shooting three young Muslims in an argument over parking spaces. The incident occurred in Chapel Hill, North Carolina, where the victims – a husband and wife, and the wife's sister – were all students of the University of North Carolina. The accused, identified as Craig Hicks, 46, was taken into custody after the shooting incident. He has been charged with three counts of first-degree murder. According to reports, Hicks and the victims had a dispute over parking spaces in their apartment complex. Eyewitnesses said that they heard loud arguing and gunshots before calling the police. The victims have been identified as Deah Shaddy Barakat, 23, his wife Yusor Mohammad, 21, and her sister Razan Mohammad Abu-Salha, 19. The couple, who had been married for just over a year, were both students of the University of North Carolina's School of Dentistry. Yusor's sister Razan was a student at North Carolina State University. The incident has left the local community in shock and mourning. The university has issued a statement expressing their condolences and calling for peace and unity in the wake of the tragedy. The Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR) has also spoken out about the incident, calling for a thorough investigation and urging law enforcement authorities to address the issue of hate crimes. The shooting has also sparked conversations about gun control and hate crimes in the United States. President Barack Obama expressed his condolences to the victims' families and called for stricter gun laws. Many on social media have also expressed their outrage and grief over the incident, using the hashtag #MuslimLivesMatter to draw attention to the tragedy. The investigation into the shooting is ongoing, and authorities have urged anyone with information about the incident to come forward. In the aftermath of this tragic incident, many are left wondering what can be done to prevent such senseless violence. While the investigation continues, the only thing that is certain is that this loss will be felt by many for a long time to come.