article: (CNN)  -- Bode Miller fulfilled his Olympic dream at last with a gold medal in the men's super-combined at Whistler Creekside on Sunday. The flamboyant U.S star has been in superb form at the Vancouver Winter Games and his victory completes a full set of medals, after he claimed silver in the super-G and bronze in the downhill. Miller, seventh after the downhill section, relegated pre-race favorite Ivica Kostelic of Croatia to the silver medal position after producing a superb slalom run. Silvan Zurbriggen of Switzerland claimed the bronze medal ahead of teammate Carlo Janka, with reigning Olympic champion Ted Ligety of the United States back in fifth. Super-G gold medalist Norway's Aksel Lund Svindal, quickest on the downhill, slid out near the finish to spark scenes of wild celebration as Miller realized the gold was his after drawing blank in the 2006 Winter Games in Turin. SI.com: Gold medal proves Bode has finally come full circle . Miller, who snubbed the official U.S. ski team in 2007 and appeared on the brink of retirement, returned to the fold last year and prepared carefully for the Games. He added to his two silvers from Salt Lake City in his first two events and finally made his breakthrough with another virtuoso display. "When I passed the line I did my normal thing and stood for a second and I was like, 'that was unbelievable, I can't ask for anything more'," Miller told reporters. "For my first Olympic gold, it was absolutely perfect." Miller's combined time of 2:44.92 left him 0.33 seconds faster than Kostelic, who won silver in the discipline in Turin behind Ligety, who left himself with too much to do after a lackluster downhill display. SKI CROSS . The first ever gold in the new Winter Olympic sport of ski cross went to Switzerland's Michael Schmid with Austria's Andreas Matt taking the silver and Audun Groenvold in the bronze medal position. Canada's Christopher Del Bosco was the fourth member of the final but saw his medal hopes disappear when he crashed near the end of the final at Cypress Mountain. BIATHLON . Russia's Evgeny Ustyugov took the first gold of the tenth day with a comfortable victory in the men's 15km mass start biathlon. His flawless shooting display saw him cross the line ahead of France's Martin Fourcade and Slovakian Pavol Hurajt. Norway's Ole Einar Bjoerndalen failed in his bid for a sixth Olympic gold as poor shooting saw him finish 27th. The women's 12.5km mass start event led to a second gold of the Games for Germany's Magdalena Neuner, who also took a silver in the sprint. SPEEDSKATING . Ireen Wust of the Netherlands claimed the women's 1500m crown at the Richmond Oval as she got the better of home hope Christine Nesbitt in the final heat. Nesbitt blew up on the final lap and failed in her bid for a second gold at the Games, finishing sixth but fellow Canadian Kristina Groves did take silver ahead of Czech Martina Sablikova.
highlights: Bode Miller claims his first Olympic gold medal by winning super-combined in Vancouver . Miller produces a superb slalom run to edge out Ivica Kostelic of Croatia by 0.33 seconds . Miller has already won silver and bronze in earlier events at the Winter Games . Swiss Michael Schmid wins first Olympic gold in new discipline of ski cross .
id: e0e7bc9df810515f2cc00df2ebd85c00c0fb0aa9
chatgpt: Bode Miller, the celebrated American alpine skier, has claimed his long-awaited first Olympic gold medal after winning the super-combined event at the 2010 Vancouver Games. Miller produced a stunning slalom run to edge past his closest rival, Ivica Kostelic of Croatia, by a mere 0.33 seconds, as he completed the two-run competition with a total time of 2 minutes, 44.92 seconds. The 32-year-old, who had already won a silver and a bronze in previous events at the Winter Games, was exultant on finishing his run, noting "This is my first Olympic gold medal and it feels very good." Miller had previously been considered as one of the favorites in multiple disciplines, but he had never quite managed to achieve his ultimate goal until now. He praised the tough course and his own performance, stating "It was a tough day ... I really executed well, I didn't have more than one or two mistakes." His victory was all the sweeter considering his rocky start to the Games, having suffered a major wipeout in a practice run and then finishing an underwhelming 8th in the downhill event. But he picked himself up and made a strong comeback, securing his place in history by clinching the gold in the super-combined. Meanwhile, the new discipline of ski cross made its Olympic debut, with Switzerland's Michael Schmid emerging triumphant, earning his country its first gold medal of the Games. The event, which sees skiers race down a course of jumps, banks, and rough terrain, also saw a number of dramatic crashes, including one in which Canada's Chris Del Bosco suffered a broken pelvis. Schmid, however, remained unscathed and almost untouched, as he led his three competitors from start to finish, crossing the line with a significant lead. He was elated at taking home the gold and said, "It's just amazing, I've won lots of races before, but never anything like this." The 27-year-old, who is one of the top-ranked skiers in his regular event, the skicross World Cup, had taken the lead early on and never looked back, impressing fans and commentators with his slick style and sheer speed. While there were no other medals for America in the ski cross or super-combined events, Miller's gold was a major triumph for the country's Olympic team. He has long been considered one of the best skiers of his generation, but the lack of a gold medal had always niggled at him. After years of dedication and hard work, he has finally achieved his dream, and his fans are now looking forward to seeing what else he can achieve in his glittering career.  All in all, the 2010 Vancouver Games were another memorable edition of the Winter Olympics, with stunning performances and first-time events providing excitement and drama for fans around the world.