article: A mother with a passion for motoring has named her newest arrival Porsche after the baby was born at top speed in the middle of a supermarket. Car fan Joy Lowther, 28, from Kings Lynn, had popped into Tesco with her oldest daughter Mercedes, three, when she suddenly went into labour in the baby aisle. She was helped into a store room where concerned staff helped her deliver her healthy 6lb 7oz baby girl in just 10 minutes. Car family: Joy Lowther, 28, with her four children (from left), Frank, 6, Mercedes, 4, Porsche and Alfa, 8 . Motor mad: Joy cradles newborn Porsche (left) and the tiny baby with her older sister Mercedes (right) Joy was then rushed to hospital where she was joined by her partner Kevin Smith, 26, and their eight year-old son, Alfie, who has now been rechristened Alfa. New daughter Porsche (pronounced Porsha) wasn't due to put in an appearance for another four weeks when Joy went into labour a week ago. Although Joy has always loved cars, she chooses not to drive leaving chauffeuring duties to Kevin, currently unemployed, who has a 'passion' for them and . currently drives an M sport 5 series BMW. The young mother, who has another son named Frank, six, says she thinks car names are 'beautiful', is now planning one more baby - who will be called Bentley if he’s a boy. Speedy: Tiny Porsche Smith lived up to her motoring namesake during her fast birth which took just 10 minutes . Drama: Newborn Porsche put in her unscheduled appearance in this Cambridgeshire branch of Tesco . 'When I went to the baby aisle in Tesco, I didn't think it would be to have a baby,' revealed a delighted Joy. 'The supervisor in the store was the one who delivered the baby but all the staff were great. Because I had Mercedes I had always planned to call the next one Porsche. 'Then she arrived so quickly, so Porsche was quite fitting.' The stay-at-home mother added: 'My son is called Alfie, but because the girls are named after cars we all refer to him as Alfa. 'Like any new mum the kids are driving me up the wall. But it’s fantastic having them all.' Tesco branch manager Cheryl Moir, 40, who helped deliver Porsche, said: 'It was really, really special to be involved in such an amazing experience. 'To be part of that process was a real privilege. You don’t stop to think, instinct just cuts in.'
highlights: Joy Lowther, 28, went into labour during a trip to the supermarket . She gave birth in 10 minutes at a Cambridgeshire branch of Tesco . Branch manager Cheryl Moir, 40, delivered baby Porsche Smith . New baby Porsche joins older sister Mercedes, 3, and brother Alfa, 8 . Joy and her partner Kevin Smith, 26, have another son  named Frank .
id: ee5cc6e295ce6c8640153bd498be6e14ba05ad6f
chatgpt: A routine trip to the supermarket turned into a life-changing experience for Joy Lowther, a 28-year-old woman from Cambridgeshire, who gave birth to a healthy baby girl in a Tesco store on Tuesday. Lowther, accompanied by her partner Kevin Smith, 26, and their two children, Alfa and Mercedes, had gone out shopping for groceries when she unexpectedly went into labour. The Tesco branch manager, Cheryl Moir, 40, quickly sprang into action and helped deliver the baby on the shop floor. The whole ordeal reportedly lasted only ten minutes. Moir, who has received praises from colleagues and customers alike, spoke of her emotions during the delivery process, saying, "It was a mixture of fear and excitement. I didn't have time to think, it was all very quick." Lowther and Smith named their newborn baby Porsche, in keeping with the car brand names that they have chosen for their three children. Porsche joins older sister Mercedes, 3, and brother Alfa, 8, in the growing family. According to Smith, everyone is thrilled with the new addition to the family, who weighed in at 7 pounds (3.2 kilograms) and is doing well. The store was not the typical setting for a birth; however, the Tesco employees are "thrilled" that they could be a part of it. Nigel Hunter, the regional managing director, praised Moir for her handling of the situation, saying, "The safety and wellbeing of our colleagues and customers is our utmost priority, so it's fantastic to hear of Cheryl's quick-thinking and all her efforts to help deliver the baby safely." Social media has been abuzz with customers praising Moir's actions and expressing their awe at the incredible story. Many have commended Moir's swift actions in delivering the baby safely, with some even referring to her as a "superhero." The new family has also received congratulatory messages from around the world, with many wishing them all the best for the future. In conclusion, the story of Joy Lowther's unexpected labour and the subsequent delivery of a healthy baby girl in a Tesco branch has been, to many, an awe-inspiring example of how quickly things can change, and how important it is to have people around us willing to help when we need it most. The family and the Tesco staff, who were involved in the ordeal, have emerged as heroes, and their story will undoubtedly inspire many for years to come.