article: By . Mia De Graaf . Former French president Nicolas Sarkozy tried to seduce Valerie Trierweiler, the former partner of his successor President Hollande, it has been claimed. Mr Sarkozy allegedly approached political journalist Ms Trierweiler at a Bastille Day garden party two months after being elected president in 2007, whispering: 'You are beautiful. We should see each other'. But Ms Trierweiler, who was already dating Mr Hollande, is said to have hit back with a flat rejection, later calling him 'a boor'. Rebuffed: Political journalist Valerie Trierweiler had already been dating Mr Hollande for five years when Nicolas Sarkozy propositioned her, according to a new 'tell-all' book about Sarkozy's post-presidential life . 'Feud': Mr Sarkozy's biographer claims the incident was the start of a feud between Mr Sarkozy and Ms Trierweiler, evident at every public engagement since Mr Hollande was elected in 2012 (pictured) The latest addition to France's colourful history of political love scandals comes from a 'tell-all' book on Nicolas Sarkozy's post-presidential life. It has been taken by many as an explanation for the apparent feud between Ms Trierweiler and Mr Sarkozy at every public appearance since Mr Hollande was elected in 2012. Mr Sarkozy, whose marriage was on the verge of collapse, took the refusal badly, writes biographer Patrice Machuret. Divorcing Cecilia Ciganer, he had already dated a number of political journalists - and wrongly took Ms Trierweiler to be 'an opportunist', Mr Machuret writes in His Life After The Elysee. According to the tale the leader recoiled, remarking: 'Who does she think she is?'. His 11-year marriage to Cecilia Ciganer (left) was collapsing at the time of the alleged incident in July 2007. They are pictured left in October 2007, when they divorced. In July 2008 he emerged with Carla Bruni (right) Valerie Trierweiler and Francois Hollande had been secretly dating for five years by the time of the party . In January, Mr Hollande separated from Ms Trierweiler after his affair with actress Julie Gayet became public . Months after the alleged incident, reported by The Times, Mr Sarkozy met his bride-to-be, model Carla Bruni. But from that moment on, he appeared to hold a grudge against Ms Trierweiler, Mr Machuret writes. At Nelson Mandela’s funeral in Johannesburg, Mr Sarkozy is said to have ridiculed Ms Trierweiler’s hat. He said it made her look like François Mitterrand, the last French socialist president, joking: 'There were three French presidents at the funeral: Me, François Hollande and François Mitterrand,' Machuret writes. A month later, she was dumped by Mr Hollande after it emerged he was having an affair with actress Julie Gayet. Representatives of Mr Sarkozy have denied that he 'made a play for' Ms Trierweiler, said Machuret.
highlights: Nicolas Sarkozy whispered proposal to Ms Trierweiler at party, book claims . Political journalist Ms Trierweiler had been dating Mr Hollande for 5 years . Mr Sarkozy was on the verge of divorcing then-wife Cecilia Ciganer . Newly-elected president 'took refusal badly', the incident 'sparked a feud' Biographer Patrice Machuret claims it explains hostility between the pair .
id: 935ada07bb36a8946841df52bc53b4a29218442b
chatgpt: Nicolas Sarkozy, the former French President, has been accused of whispering a proposal to political journalist, Valerie Trierweiler, at a party while he was still married. The incident reportedly took place when Trierweiler was dating François Hollande, who was elected President of France in 2012. The revelation comes from a new book by biographer Patrice Machuret, which claims the incident sparked a feud between the two politicians. According to the book, Sarkozy was on the verge of divorcing his then-wife, Cecilia Ciganer, when he made the proposal to Trierweiler. Machuret claims that Hollande took the refusal badly, leading to a souring of relations between him and Sarkozy. This could explain the hostility between the two leaders that has been well documented. Trierweiler, who served as Hollande's partner during his time in office, has previously spoken out about her difficult relationship with Sarkozy. In her memoir, "Thank You for This Moment", she describes a tense exchange in which Sarkozy allegedly told her that Hollande was not up to the job of being President. This led to a public feud between the two, with Trierweiler defending her partner and criticizing Sarkozy on social media. The latest allegations are likely to add fuel to the fire of already contentious relations between the two politicians. While Sarkozy has not responded to the claims, his team has dismissed them as "gossip" and "lies". Hollande, for his part, has previously criticized Sarkozy's style of politics, accusing him of focusing too much on personal ambition and not enough on policy. Regardless of the veracity of the claims, the story serves as a reminder of the often-tense relationships between political rivals. It also highlights the difficulty of balancing personal relationships with the demands of high office. For Trierweiler, the incident may have been just one among many that contributed to the breakdown of her relationship with Hollande. But for Sarkozy and Hollande, it may have been one of the defining moments in their long-standing feud.