article: KATHMANDU, Nepal (CNN) -- Nepal's first-ever President Ram Baran Yadav took the oath of office Wednesday, two days after his election. Yadav, a physician in his 60s, was elected president on Monday by Nepal's constituent assembly, almost two months after the country was declared a republic, putting an end to the 239-year-old monarchy. People lined the streets, which were emptied of vehicles, as the presidential motorcade drove about five miles (8 km) from Yadav's home to the presidential offices. He was driven in the bulletproof vehicle previously used by Nepal's kings. Yadav was administered the oath of office by Chief Justice Kedar Prasad Giri. "I represent all Nepali people in this august office and in all my efforts and endeavors I will be committed to the benefit of the Nepali people," Yadav said after the swearing-in. Yadav then administered the oath of office to the newly elected vice president Parmananda Jha. The post of the president is largely ceremonial. He will swear in the country's new prime minister, who has the executive powers. The president can also deploy the armed forces, but only at the recommendation of the prime minister. Nepal's Maoists, which won the largest number of seats but fell short of a majority in April's general elections, said Tuesday they may not form a government after their candidate for president was defeated. "The defeat of our candidate has put us in the opposition from the moral viewpoint," said Maoist leader Prachanda, also known as Pushpa Kamal Dahal. However, he did not rule out the possibility of leading the government if a new coalition were formed. On Monday, lawmakers picked Yadav over the Maoists' choice for president -- Ram Raja Prasad Singh -- by 308 votes to 282. The Maoists are the largest party in the constituent assembly, but Yadav was able to win with backing from a coalition of the Nepali Congress, Communist Party of Nepal (Unified Marxist-Leninist) and Madhesi Janadhikar (People's Rights) Forum. Prachanda -- who is the chairman of the Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist) -- called the alliance between the three parties "unnatural" and "apolitical." The Maoists have 229 seats in the 601-member constituent assembly. April's elections, the declaration of a republic and the drafting of a new constitution -- the main task of the constituent assembly -- are parts of a peace process following 10 years of fighting between the Maoists and the state. The violence claimed 13,000 lives. A peace accord in November 2006 ended the fighting . The country's monarch, King Gyanendra, gave up most powers earlier that year after an uprising against his direct rule.
highlights: The oath was administered by chief justice Kedar Giri . Yadav first president to take office in Nepal since monarchy was abolished . The post of president is largely ceremonial. PM has executive powers . Yadav was the general secretary of the Nepali Congress party .
id: 1c8cdbbaf79acd0f76063b406ee444171e2a64d1
chatgpt: Nepal's newly elected president, Ram Baran Yadav, was administered the oath of office by Chief Justice Kedar Giri on Wednesday morning. Yadav is the first president to assume the office since the monarchy was abolished by a special assembly in May 2008. The post of president in Nepal is largely ceremonial, with the Prime Minister holding the executive powers. However, the president is expected to play a key role in shaping the country's foreign policy and in promoting Nepal's international image. Yadav, who was previously the general secretary of the Nepali Congress party, has a long history of service to the country. He is widely regarded as a man of integrity and his election as president has been welcomed by people from all walks of life. Speaking to journalists after the swearing-in ceremony, Yadav stated that his priority would be to work towards unity and reconciliation among all Nepalis. He also promised to promote Nepal's cultural diversity and to take steps to ensure that the country's rich heritage is preserved for future generations. Yadav's election as president has been seen as a positive step towards consolidating Nepal's young democracy. The country's political landscape has been in turmoil for several years, with frequent changes of government and continuing challenges from various ethnic and political groups. The former king, Gyanendra Shah, had been hoping to regain his throne after the abolition of the monarchy, but his attempt was thwarted by the political parties, who were determined to establish a democratic republic. Yadav's election as president has been welcomed by the international community, with several countries sending congratulatory messages to Nepal. The Indian Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, described Yadav's election as a 'landmark moment' for Nepal and praised the country for its commitment to democracy and constitutional rule. Analysts have pointed out that Yadav's role as president will be crucial in ensuring stability and continuity in Nepal's political landscape. His experience as a political leader and his reputation for impartiality are expected to be assets in the challenging times ahead. Yadav has already been credited with playing an important role in the successful drafting of Nepal's new constitution, which was adopted in September 2015. As president, he will be expected to play an even more important role in ensuring that the constitution is implemented in a fair and just manner. Overall, Yadav's election as president has been greeted with optimism and hope by the people of Nepal. It is seen as a sign of the country's growing maturity as a democracy and a recognition of the key role that the presidency can play in promoting stability and unity in the country.