article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 17:42 EST, 25 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 09:58 EST, 26 December 2013 . If that sinister stare doesn’t remind you of someone, the slick of black hair and moustache should give you a clue. This is Poppy, whose resemblance to Adolf Hitler turns heads as she prowls the streets near her home in Sevenoaks, Kent. Owner Kate Magee said: ‘She’s lovely. It’s unfortunate she looks like a dictator.’ This is Poppy, whose resemblance to Adolf Hitler turns heads as she prowls the streets near her home . Poppy is the latest in a line of feline Fuhrers, including one, Kitler from Cambridgeshire, that even seemed to salute. Meanwhile, a puppy, a stink bug and even a house in Swansea, South Wales, have been likened to the dictator. Mrs Magee and her two daughters Anna, 17, and Katherine, 10, had spotted locals taking photos of the six-year-old black and white moggy as she was out and about, but couldn't work out why. It was only when Mrs Magee was chatting to her parish priest that she realised her cat was the spitting image of the Nazi dictator, complete with toothbrush moustache and black side-parting. Poppy is the latest in a line of feline Fuhrers, including one, Kitler (pictured), that even seemed to salute . This is the house in Swansea (left) compared to Hitler in appearance, while right is another feline lookalike . Spitting image: This puppy, Patch (left), was found to have an unfortunate resemblance to the dictator as well . She says the priest told her Poppy was a dead ringer for the fascist leader - which was why locals were taking pictures of her. Mrs Magee said: 'I was speaking to the priest (about why Poppy was so popular) and he just said to me: "Your cat looks like Hitler." 'She was a kitten when we first got her and her markings weren't very pronounced. It's him: Black markings on the back of the stink bug look like the hair, eyes and even moustache of the evil German dictator . 'She changed as she got older but it was so gradual we never noticed - and we weren't exactly looking for tell-tale signs that she would grow to look like Hitler.' She added: 'As soon as the resemblance was pointed out to us, there was no escaping it. Now we can't help noticing Hitler every time we look at her. 'We're worried she'll develop a complex if people laugh and point at her.'
highlights: Poppy attracted stares from neighbours of Kate Magee in Sevenoaks, Kent . Owner realised why when she was told by her parish priest . Six-year-old feline is the latest in a long-line of Hitler lookalikes .
id: 8db717f856fd5812c64547b065337f37be9f9aa5
chatgpt: The latest sensation in Sevenoaks, Kent revolves around a six-year-old cat named Poppy, who has been attracting stares from the neighbours of her owner, Kate Magee. While many thought that the feline's striking appearance may be causing the unwanted attention, the truth is something much more peculiar. Magee soon discovered the reason behind the cat's unique features, and it turns out that Poppy is the latest feline to resemble the infamous leader, Hitler. The cat's distinctive mustache and haircut make her stand out from other felines, and many people have been stopping to admire and take photographs of her. According to Magee, she was curious about the attention her pet was receiving and decided to reach out to her parish priest for some guidance. It was then when she learned about Poppy's resemblance to Hitler and the history of felines who have looked similar to the dictator. Poppy's owner was shocked to learn that there had been other cats bearing the same resemblance to Hitler in the past, and it had become somewhat of a trend. However, Magee has no intentions of capitalizing on her pet's unique looks and wants to keep her beloved feline away from the spotlight. While some may find the resemblance uncomfortable, Magee insists that Poppy is unlike any other cat and should be admired for her individuality, not her appearance. She added, "She is a loving, affectionate cat who enjoys napping and playing with toys like any other cat. Her looks shouldn't define her personality, and she should be treated like any other pet." The story of Poppy has gained immense popularity on social media, and thousands of people have shared pictures and videos of the feline online. While some may be amused by her unique features, others find them unsettling, and the cat's owner is aware of the reactions but insists that Poppy should be appreciated for who she is. As the latest feline to resemble Hitler, Poppy has now joined a long list of cats who bear the same likeness, and her story has sparked a new debate about individuals capitalizing on animals' distinctive looks. Many animal welfare organizations have voiced their concerns about the trend and have urged pet owners not to use their pets' appearance as a means of generating publicity. In conclusion, while Poppy's Hitler resemblance may have attracted unwanted stares initially, the six-year-old feline has now become a phenomenon. Her owner intends to keep her out of the spotlight, but that has not stopped people from sharing her story and admiring her unique features.