article: A Japanese mushroom could hold the key to killing the virus that causes cervical cancer. The Human papilloma virus (HPV) is a common, and highly contagious, infection that affects skin and the moist membrane linings of the body, for example, in the cervix, mouth and throat. More than three quarters of all women acquire the virus during their lives and some strains can cause cervical cancer. Japanese shiitake mushrooms contain a unique chemical called AHCC, which may help boost the immune system and block tumour growth . But new American research has found an extract found in shiitake mushrooms may play a role in preventing HPV-related cancers. HPV is spread via sexual contact and causes cervical cancer in women as well as cancer of the throat, anus and penis. Shiitake mushrooms, which have been used medicinally in their native East Asia for centuries, . They contain a unique chemical called active hexose correlated compound (AHCC), which is a mixture of amino acids, polysaccharides and minerals. Currently, there is no effective medicine or supplement to treat HPV, which is associated with more than 99 percent of cervical cancer cases. In the new study, 10 women with the HPV virus were given an extract of the mushroom, once a day for six months. Of those, five were successfully treated and the pilot clinical trial  is now being extended to include a larger number of patients. Professor Judith Smith, of the University of Texas, said: 'The results are very encouraging. 'We were able to determine at least three months of treatment is necessary but some need to extend that to six months. 'Since AHCC is a nutritional supplement with no side effects and other immune modulating benefits, we will be planning on using six months of treatment in our phase two clinical study to have consistent study treatment plan.' Previous research has shown AHCC boosts the immune system by increasing the number of cells which help the body fight off infections and block tumour growth. The Human papilloma virus (HPV) is a common, and highly contagious, infection which can cause cervical cancer. Currently, there is no effective medicine or supplement to treat HPV . Professor Smith presented her results at an International Conference of the Society for Integrative Oncology in Texas. It is understood that while the results were seen in women, AHCC will have the same result on men. It may also be capable of treating genital warts in men. Earlier this year, she reported that in mice, AHCC led to the eradication of HPV within 90 days. It also decreased the rate of cervical tumour growth. AHCC works as an immunotherapy, which is a treatment that uses a body's own immune system to help fight disease. Dr Smith said: 'AHCC is a common, well tolerated nutritional supplement that has been used for decades in Japan. 'I am very excited to be pursuing a nutritional approach to trying to find a treatment for HPV infections.'
highlights: Extract found in shiitake mushrooms may help prevent HPV-related cancers . HPV is a contagious infection that affects skin, cervix, mouth and throat . Shiitake mushrooms contain chemical AHCC which may boost immunity . 5/10 women given extract were succesfully treated for cervical cancer . Previous research shows AHCC can help block tumour growth . In mice, AHCC led to the eradication of HPV within 90 days .
id: e70b89026c122431ffd4817556920040d5213190
chatgpt: A recent study has found that shiitake mushrooms may contain a chemical that can help prevent HPV-related cancers. HPV, or human papillomavirus, is a contagious infection that affects the skin, cervix, mouth, and throat. The study found that shiitake mushrooms contain a chemical called AHCC, which may boost immunity and help prevent these types of cancers. The study was conducted by researchers at the University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston. They administered AHCC to a group of 10 women who had been diagnosed with cervical cancer. Of these women, five were successfully treated with the extract. Shiitake mushrooms have been used in traditional medicine for centuries, and recent research has found that they may contain compounds that can help fight cancer. The AHCC found in shiitake mushrooms has been shown to help block tumor growth and stimulate the immune system. The study also found that in mice, the AHCC extract led to the eradication of HPV within 90 days. This is significant because HPV is a leading cause of cervical cancer in women. The researchers believe that AHCC may be able to help prevent HPV-related cancers by boosting the immune system and helping the body fight off the virus. This could potentially lead to new treatments for these types of cancers and save countless lives. While the results of the study are promising, more research is needed to fully understand the potential benefits of AHCC. However, this study provides hope for those who are at risk for or have been diagnosed with HPV-related cancers. In addition to shiitake mushrooms, there are a number of other natural compounds that may help prevent HPV-related cancers. These include green tea extract, curcumin (found in turmeric), and resveratrol (found in red wine). It's important to note that while natural compounds like AHCC may have health benefits, they should not be used in place of traditional cancer treatments. If you or a loved one has been diagnosed with cancer, it's important to work with your doctor to develop a comprehensive treatment plan. Overall, this study provides hope for those who are at risk for or have been diagnosed with HPV-related cancers. While more research is needed, the potential benefits of AHCC and other natural compounds are encouraging. By continuing to explore these natural compounds, we may be able to develop new and innovative treatments for cancer in the future.