article: (CNN) -- Italian champions Inter Milan have handed a new three-year contract to veteran defender Marco Materazzi. Marco Materazzi now seems set to end his playing career with Inter Milan. The 35-year-old World Cup winner's existing deal had been due to run out at the end of next summer, but he is now set to stay at the San Siro until 2012. A statement on the Inter Web site read: ''FC Internazionale and Marco Materazzi announce the agreement for an extension which will bind the player to the club until 30 June 2012.'' The center-back has made almost 250 appearances for the Nerazzurri since joining Inter in 2001, winning four Serie A titles. However, last season he was restricted to just 15 outings under new manager Jose Mourinho. "I'll be Inter for life," he wrote on his official Web site, Goal.com reported on Thursday. "And it's not just a figure of speech. I could not have been more satisfied before leaving for my holidays -- I have extended my contract with Inter until 2012, hence until the end of my career. "That's what I have always desired, since I am an Inter fan as much as I am one of their players. "I will quit football wearing this shirt, and now I only want to try and win as much as we can both in Italy and in Europe. We'll see each other on July 10 for the start of the new season. I will be fired up." Materazzi is still best known for his antics in the 2006 World Cup final, when his comments to Zinedine Zidane led to the France playmaker being sent off for a vicious headbutt in his farewell international which ended with the Italians being crowned world champions. Meanwhile, Inter have also completed the signing of Genoa midfielder Thiago Motta on a four-year contract. The 26-year-old, who resurrected his career last season after moving from Barcelona, has finalized a deal that was agreed earlier in the summer and also saw Argentine striker Diego Milito move to the San Siro on Tuesday. Inter confirmed that midfielder Francesco Bolzoni, defender Leonardo Bonucci and striker Riccardo Meggiorini will join the Grifoni on a permanent basis in an overall package including the five players worth a reported $42 million.
highlights: Marco Materazzi handed new three-year contract by Italian champions . The 35-year-old defender now tied to Inter Milan until the summer of 2012 . The center-back's existing deal was due to expire in a year's time . Inter complete signing of Brazilian midfielder Thiago Motta from Genoa .
id: 32fe090a42bb4b2e755d2fce3140ac28c39165a1
chatgpt: Inter Milan has extended the contract of their central defender Marco Materazzi for three more years. The 35-year-old defender's existing deal was due to expire in a year's time but the Italian champions felt it was important to keep him in the squad. This will see Materazzi now tied to Inter Milan until the summer of 2012. Materazzi is one of the most respected defenders in Europe, bringing his vast experience to the Inter Milan squad. He has been with the club for over 10 years and has helped them win numerous titles, including five consecutive Serie A titles from 2006 to 2010. Materazzi has proven to be a rock-solid defender and has scored important goals for the club, most notably in the 2006 World Cup final against France. Inter Milan has also completed the signing of Brazilian midfielder Thiago Motta from Genoa. Although the transfer fee was not disclosed, reports suggest that Inter Milan paid €10m for the player. Motta's arrival will provide more depth to Inter Milan's midfield, which already includes the likes of Esteban Cambiasso, Dejan Stankovic, and Wesley Sneijder. The signing of Motta is part of Inter Milan's plans to reinforce their squad ahead of the new season. The Italian champions are determined to defend their Serie A title and also make an impact in the Champions League. Their squad already contains a formidable array of talent, including the likes of Samuel Eto'o, Diego Milito, and Maicon. Inter Milan will be hoping that their new signings and the contract extension of Marco Materazzi will help them achieve their objectives. The club is determined to prove that they are still the team to beat in Italy and Europe, despite the challenge posed by their rivals. With a solid defense, a formidable midfield, and a potent attack, Inter Milan is set to make a statement in the new season.