article: By . Louise Cheer . Former US presidential candidate John McCain has urged the Prime Minister not to invite Russian president Vladimir Putin to November's G20 summit in Brisbane. The prominent US senator told The Australian on Wednesday from his office in Washington DC that he believed Mr Putin's alleged involvement in July 17's MH17 tragedy - where a Malaysia Airlines plane was shot down - should warrant the leader being treated as an 'international pariah'. When asked if he thought Mr Putin should be allowed to join his counterparts at the G20 summit in Brisbane later this year, Mr McCain replied: 'I certainly don't think so.' John McCain has urged Prime Minister Tony Abbott not to invite the Russian president Vladimir Putin to November's G20 summit . Making his position clear on who he thought caused the deaths of 298 people on-board the doomed flight, Mr McCain said Mr Putin was 'totally responsible'. This comes after Mr Abbott indicated on Tuesday that it was still too early to consider if Russia should be turned away from the summit. He said on Monday Russia must show genuine remorse and regret over the downing of Malaysia Airlines flight - his strongest hint yet that President Vladimir Putin could be barred from this year's G20. But Treasurer Joe Hockey said he hoped Russia would still be attending the Brisbane event. Mr McCain has urged Tony Abbott (left) not to invite Vladimir Putin (right) to the G20 summit in Brisbane . Mr McCain believes Russia is behind the shooting down of MH17 on July 17 . Mr Hockey said no one knew where the fallout from the downing of MH17 was going. 'The Russians have said they will co-operate with all this - let's find out if they are fair dinkum or not,' he told Sky News while he was an official visit to New Zealand. Mr Hockey also added the decision about Russia's attendance would ultimately be made by G20 members, not just Australia. Later he clarified his remarks, saying they should not be taken as support for Russia's attendance at the summit. A spokeswoman for the treasurer told AAP that the Treasurer's position was consistent with the Prime Minister's. Queensland Premier Campbell Newman said Mr Putin would not be welcome at the G20 conference unless he co-operated with a probe into the MH17 disaster. 'If Mr Putin's not prepared to do that, well frankly I believe that Queenslanders don't want him here at the G20,' Mr Newman said on Saturday as flags across the state flew at half-mast to mourn the residents of the state who died in the crash.
highlights: John McCain said the Russian president should be treated as a 'pariah' He believed Mr Putin was 'totally responsible' for the MH17 tragedy . The Malaysia Airlines flight was carrying 298 people when it shot down . It comes after Tony Abbott said it was too early to consider banning Russia . But he said Russia needed to show genuine remorse and regret .
id: dc872c9ebd9f1d3b847b356c9ab62ab361deba7f
chatgpt: Senator John McCain, the longtime US statesman, made controversial remarks on Russian President Vladimir Putin. In an interview with an Australian television station, McCain called for Putin to be treated as a "pariah" over his role in the downing of Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17. McCain stated his belief that Putin was "totally responsible" for the tragedy, in which 298 people lost their lives when the plane was shot down over Eastern Ukraine in 2014. He added that the international community should be putting additional pressure on Russia over its support for separatist rebels in the area. The comments have come in the wake of Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott's decision not to consider a ban on Russia after the MH17 tragedy. Abbott called for "genuine remorse" and "regret" from Russia, but said it would be "too early" to consider a ban. The downing of MH17 has been a contentious issue, with Russia and Ukraine each blaming the other for the tragedy. An international investigation found that a Russian missile was responsible for bringing down the plane, but Moscow has denied any involvement. McCain has long criticized Putin's autocratic rule and called for a stronger response to Russia's actions in Ukraine. The senator has also been a vocal critic of President Donald Trump's apparent warmness towards Moscow, especially in regard to allegations of Russian interference in the 2016 US election. McCain's comments are likely to provoke backlash from Moscow, which has already been angered by Western sanctions against Russia over its annexation of Crimea and support for separatists in Eastern Ukraine. The Russian government has denied any involvement in the MH17 tragedy and accused the West of promoting an anti-Russian agenda. This is not the first time McCain has called for Putin to be treated as a pariah. In 2017, he described the Russian leader as a "thug and a murderer" and called for a tougher stance against Moscow. The senator's remarks will likely be welcomed by many in the West who are concerned about Russian aggression, but they are also likely to add to the rising tensions between Russia and the US. With the Trump administration facing increasing scrutiny over its ties to Moscow, any move by the US to take a harder line on Russia is likely to be watched closely. In conclusion, Senator John McCain's call for Putin to be treated as a "pariah" is the latest in a series of strong statements from the senator on Russia's actions. While his comments will be popular with many in the West, they are likely to be met with resistance from Moscow, which has denied involvement in the MH17 tragedy. As tensions between the US and Russia continue to rise, any move by the US to take a tougher stance on Moscow will be closely watched.