article: Washington (CNN) -- Using some of the most dramatic language yet by a U.S. official, Secretary of State John Kerry on Friday called on world leaders to contribute far more to the international Ebola response. Kerry warned that, absent a concerted effort by the international community, "Ebola has the potential to become a scourge like HIV or polio that we will end up fighting -- all of us -- for decades." The secretary made these remarks to a room of foreign ambassadors at the State Department in Washington. He called on them to use their influence to bring stronger commitments to the Ebola fight, which has plagued Sierra Leone, Guinea and Liberia for weeks, and has spread as far as the United States and Europe. Rand Paul: Ebola is "not like AIDS" "There is no country that is exempt from being able to do something to be able to contribute to this effort and help make a difference," Kerry said. "And everything we do depends on how we coordinate our efforts as partners in how we contribute together." Kerry praised a handful of countries for their contributions to the effort, including Cuba -- a historical foe of the U.S, that more often finds itself under criticism by the State Department. "Cuba, a country of just 11 million people, has sent 165 health professionals," Kerry noted in his remarks, "and it plans to send nearly 300 more." The United Nations has called on the international community to give $1 billion to the Ebola response effort over the next six months. So far, Kerry noted, only about a third of that need has been met. "We live in a world of a lot of close calls, tough decisions on a daily basis -- difficult and contentious issues where you can have an honest disagreement about what the best course of action is, or about what the facts are, or the results of your decision may be," Kerry conceded, adding, "Ebola is not one of them." So far, more than 4,000 people have died from the epidemic in West Africa. The World Health Organization estimates that there will be between 5,000 and 10,000 new Ebola cases per week there by the first week of December. CDC director on Ebola: 'Only thing like this has been AIDS'
highlights: Kerry spoke at the State Department on Friday to a group of foreign ambassadors. Kerry praised a handful of countries for their contributions to the effort, including Cuba. Kerry said "Ebola has the potential to become a scourge like HIV or polio".
id: 1c696878e1b55fd147ab47df973f5f9f13f47219
chatgpt: Secretary of State John Kerry has praised a group of countries for their aid in the fight against the deadly Ebola virus. Speaking at the State Department on Friday to an audience of foreign ambassadors, Kerry specifically praised Cuba for their contributions to the effort.   While addressing the audience, Kerry expressed his admiration for the countries who had offered their assistance in dealing with the epidemic. “We have some proud examples of countries stepping up to help,” he said. “Cuba, for instance, has sent more than 250 doctors and nurses to affected areas.”  Kerry also added that the Ebola virus had the potential to become a “scourge like HIV or polio” if global efforts to control it did not succeed. He said that the disease was spreading faster than medical teams could cope with and that many local health systems had been overwhelmed. According to the World Health Organization (WHO), there have been nearly 10,000 confirmed cases of Ebola in West Africa, resulting in a death toll of more than 4,800. This has caused grave concern among many governments and humanitarian organizations around the world. Cuba’s contribution to the effort has made the country one of the largest medical teams on the ground in West Africa. Kerry’s commendation of Cuba’s efforts marks a significant shift in US-Cuban relations, which have been strained since the Cuban Revolution in 1959.  Despite this change, some officials in Washington continue to criticize the Cuban government for its human-rights record. However, Kerry did not shy away from praising the country’s medical response. The international community has expressed particular admiration for the Cuban doctors and nurses who volunteer for missions in impoverished countries. Kerry also mentioned the roles played by several other countries, including France and the United Kingdom. “France helped establish the first Ebola treatment center,” he said. “The UK committed to building a 92-bed clinic in Sierra Leone. Germany provided funding, medical equipment and personnel.”  Kerry’s speech is a clear indication of the need for international cooperation in the fight against Ebola. He went on to say that efforts were needed to strengthen local health systems and rebuild infrastructure that had been damaged by the epidemic.  As the virus continues to ravage West Africa, the state of the global healthcare network remains a major concern. However, Kerry expressed hope that the aid given was making a difference. “We’ve accomplished a lot,” he said, “But there is much more to do. The only way we will win the fight against Ebola is by working together.”