article: As the devious Thomas Cromwell, he cuts an imposing figure charting the treacherous waters of the Tudor court. But away from the set of Wolf Hall, Mark Rylance looks a touch less impressive stepping out of his tiny electric car. The 55-year-old actor was spotted zipping around South London in his small blue G-Wiz, which sells for around £10,000. Making a point: Actor Mark Rylance, 55, with his electric car and anti-fracking sticker spotted in south London . The sticker appeared to read ‘The F word is a dirty word’, an allusion to swearing, but smaller print after the F making clear the word was fracking . And the environmentally conscious star of the BBC drama also made his views known by showing an anti-fracking slogan in his back window. The sticker appeared to read ‘The F word is a dirty word’, an allusion to swearing, but smaller print after the F making clear the word was fracking. The process of drilling down into the ground to release natural gas has become a controversial topic among environmental campaigners. Rylance has never been one to hide his strong opinions on such issues. He was the main signatory of a letter to the Guardian in 2012 protesting at BP's sponsorship of the World Shakespeare Festival. Rylance as Thomas Cromwell in the hit BBC series Wolf Hall . It read: 'While the aftermath of the Deepwater Horizon spill continues to devastate ecosystems and communities, and the highly polluting extraction of tar sands oil brings us rapidly closer to the point of no return from climate change, we feel that BP has no place in arts sponsorship.' He again set his sights on the oil company when it was announced as a sponsor of the London 2012 Olympic Games, for which he was due to take part in the opening ceremony. Although he eventually pulled out because of the death of his stepdaughter, he admitted to almost pulling out over what he saw as morally dubious sponsorship deals. He told Radio 4's Today programme: 'I thought about it. The conversation about private sponsorship being supported by taxpayer' money, and private sponsorship from companies that are not really necessarily behaving all that ethically, big questions about BP, and big questions about McDonald's and the amount of sugar and obesity that's costing the NHS billions... 'I think those questions are good and I had thought since agreeing that maybe maybe I shouldn't be doing this, and if people feel critical of us who are taking part, I think they've got a point, a very good point. 'On the other hand, all these athletes, the human endeavour aspect of it is so wonderful, I wouldn't want to stop, and I wouldn't want to be a nay-sayer or a chastiser.'
highlights: Mark Rylance drives around south London in a £10,000 electric G-Wiz car . Wolf Hall star, 55, appears to have an anti-fracking slogan in window . In 2012 protested at BP’s sponsorship of the World Shakespeare Festival . And again over sponsorship of the London 2012 Olympic Games .
id: ebf77427ee1cc75699c55119525a04f9066e9009
chatgpt: Renowned actor Mark Rylance, known for his roles in "Wolf Hall" and "Bridge of Spies," was recently spotted driving around south London in a £10,000 electric G-Wiz car. The 55-year-old actor, who is known for his activism on environmental issues, had an anti-fracking slogan in his car window. This is not the first time that Rylance has taken a stand on environmental issues. In 2012, he protested against BP's sponsorship of the World Shakespeare Festival. He also spoke out against the oil company's sponsorship of the London 2012 Olympic Games. Rylance is a strong advocate for clean energy and has shown his support for renewable energy sources in the past. He has campaigned for the use of solar panels and other sustainable practices in the UK. The G-Wiz car that Rylance was driving is a compact electric car that is designed for use in the city. It is emission-free and has a range of up to 40 miles on a single charge. The car has been criticized in the past for its safety features, but Rylance seems to be a fan of the car. Rylance's decision to drive an electric car is in line with his activism on environmental issues. He is known to practice what he preaches and has taken practical steps to reduce his carbon footprint. By driving an electric car, he is contributing to a cleaner and greener environment. Electric cars are becoming increasingly popular as people become more aware of the negative impact of fossil fuels on the environment. They are emission-free and offer an alternative to traditional cars that run on gasoline. As the technology continues to evolve, electric cars are becoming more affordable and practical for everyday use. Rylance's decision to drive an electric car is a positive step towards reducing the impact of transportation on the environment. It is important for public figures to lead by example and inspire others to take action on environmental issues. Rylance's actions will inspire others to consider switching to electric cars or making other changes in their lives to reduce their carbon footprint. In conclusion, Mark Rylance's decision to drive an electric car sends a positive message about the importance of environmental conservation. His anti-fracking slogan in his car window is a reminder that we need to take action to protect our planet. Rylance's activism and practical steps towards reducing his carbon footprint are admirable and serve as an inspiration to us all. By driving an electric car, Rylance is contributing to a cleaner and healthier environment, and we can all do our part by following his lead.