article: (CNN) -- Sir Howard Stringer will step down as Sony CEO and president on April 1, the Japanese electronics giant announced Wednesday. In a widely expected move, Sony has appointed Kazuo Hirai, currently executive deputy president, to replace Stringer as president and CEO, a company statement said. Stringer is expected to become chairman of the company's board of directors in June, when current chairman Yotaro Kobayashi retires. Stringer, the Welsh-born former journalist and past president of CBS Television Network in the U.S., was named Sony CEO in 2005, becoming one of only a handful of foreign chief executives of a listed Japanese multinational company. In a statement, Stringer said the decision was the result of succession plans that began three years ago. Stringer said Hirai has "distinguished himself through his work in the PlayStation and networked entertainment businesses. "Kaz is a globally focused executive for whom technology and the cloud are familiar territory, content is highly valued, and digital transformation is second nature," Stringer said. "I believe his tough-mindedness and leadership skills will be of great benefit to the company and its customers in the months and years ahead." Sony has faced an uphill battle in recent years. Its stock value fell 54% in 2011, hurt by a strong yen that dropped profits brought back home, as well as the twin crises of the March 2011 earthquake and the November floods in Thailand, which hit the company's supply chain. The hacking of Sony's PlayStation network last year, compromising privacy data of millions of subscribers, added to the company's woes. "As challenging as times are for Sony now, were it not for the strong leadership of Sir Howard Stringer these past seven years, we would have been in a much more difficult position," Hirai said in a statement. "The path we must take is clear: to drive the growth of our core electronics businesses - primarily digital imaging, smart mobile and game; to turn around the television business; and to accelerate the innovation that enables us to create new business domains."
highlights: Sir Howard Stringer will step down as Sony CEO and president on April 1 . Sony has appointed Kazuo Hirai, currently executive deputy president, to replace Stringe . Sony has faced an uphill battle in recent years as its stock value fell 54% in 2011 .
id: 9b9c5a462d4e397c97d5668501598ba3f9829778
chatgpt: Sony Corporation has announced that its Chief Executive Officer, Sir Howard Stringer, will be stepping down from his position on April 1st. Sir Howard, who has been in charge of the struggling Japanese electronics company since 2005, will be replaced by Kazuo Hirai, currently executive deputy president at Sony. The decision to replace Sir Howard comes on the back of a difficult time for the company, which has struggled to compete with rivals in the fiercely competitive technology market. Sony's stock value saw a steep decline of 54% in 2011, reflecting the challenges and difficulties it has faced in recent years. Sony is banking on Hirai's experience and vision to steer the company towards a successful future. Hirai has been with Sony for over 30 years, and is widely regarded as a talented and dynamic executive. In his current role as executive deputy president, he has been responsible for overseeing the company's network services and consumer products businesses, which include the PlayStation gaming console. In a statement, Hirai expressed his gratitude to Sir Howard for his leadership and contribution to the company. He also outlined his vision for Sony's future, which he said would be centered on strengthening and integrating the company's various businesses, as well as enhancing its competitiveness in the global market. "I am committed to ensuring that Sony remains on the cutting edge of innovation and technology, while delivering exciting and meaningful experiences to our customers around the world," he said. Sir Howard, in turn, praised Hirai as his successor, calling him a "strong, strategic leader" who had "demonstrated the capability to lead Sony forward." Although the challenges facing Sony are significant, Hirai's appointment is seen as a positive step by many analysts, who believe that his extensive experience and track record make him the right person to take the company forward. Sony has a long history of innovation and achievement, but it will take more than just technological prowess to succeed. In a fiercely competitive market, the company must be agile, innovative, and strategic in order to stay ahead of the curve. With Kazuo Hirai at the helm, Sony may be well-positioned to do just that.