article: (CNN) -- Mobile devices often get accused of alienating people from the world around them. But for U.S. teens, cell phones (especially text messaging) are a key way to stay connected with friends and other people in their lives, according to new research from the Pew Internet & American Life Project. Pew found that 63% of all teens say they exchange text messages every day with people in their lives, including their parents. Also, nearly half of all teens send and receive text messages with friends daily. In contrast, 28% teens say they never text their friends -- but then, 23% of teens don't have a cell phone at all. For teens, cell phones appear to correlate with social privilege. Nearly 90% of older teens (aged 14-17) have a cell phone, while just under 60% of 12- to 13-year-olds have a cell phone. White teens are most likely to have a cell phone (81%), vs. 72% of black teens and 63% of Hispanic teens. More than 90% of teens from households earning $75,000 or more annually have a cell phone, compared with 62% of teens from households earning less than $30,000 per year. Also, teens who live in the suburbs or whose parents graduated from college are most likely to have a cell phone. Only about one in four U.S. teens currently uses a smartphone, says Pew, in contrast to about 46% of U.S. adults. Interestingly, Pew found that smartphone-using teens are slightly less likely than teens with simpler feature phones to have recently used a computer to access the Internet. However, teens with smartphones also are "substantially more likely than other teens to have used a tablet computer to go online in the last 30 days." Teen girls (78%) slightly outnumber teen boys (78%) for cell phone ownership. And older teen girls tend to send and receive the most texts: a median of 100 per day. That said, teen boys now send 60% more texts daily than they did in 2009. Just over one-third of all parents of cell phone-using teens report using parental controls to help them manage their kids' cell phone use. These controls can include limits on which websites they can access, which apps they can download and limits on the amount or hours of texting. If their teens have simpler feature phones (rather than smartphones), parents are more likely to enable these controls. What aren't teens doing with their cell phones? E-mail and instant messaging, which lag in popularity behind texting. "Increasingly, teens do not have the capability or the interest in exchanging instant messages or exchanging e-mail," Pew notes. "Nearly two in five teens say they never or cannot exchange instant messaging, and another 39% of teens say they never exchange e-mail."
highlights: Pew study: 63% of teens say they exchange text messages every day . Study finds that 39% of teens say they never exchange e-mail . More than 90% of teens from households earning $75,000 or more have a cell phone .
id: a8a52d3f67e5f5cb8d9375ba5945705ae9e6043d
chatgpt: A recent Pew study has found that the majority of American teens are exchanging text messages on a daily basis. According to the study, 63% of teenagers report that they send and receive text messages every day. This is compared to just 14% of teens who say that they never text. Interestingly, the study found that there is a generational gap when it comes to email usage. While many adults rely on email for communication, only a small percentage of teenagers report that they use email regularly. In fact, the study found that 39% of teens say that they never exchange emails. One of the most notable findings of the study relates to cell phone ownership. Today, it seems that almost everyone has a cell phone, but the Pew study is shedding light on just how ubiquitous these devices have become. According to the study, more than 90% of teenagers from households earning $75,000 or more report that they have a cell phone. This is compared to just 78% of teens from households earning less than $30,000. While cell phone ownership is high across the board, the study did find some differences in the types of phones that teens prefer. For example, the study found that younger teens are more likely to have a basic cell phone, while older teens are more likely to have a smartphone. In addition, the study found that Hispanic and African American teens were more likely to have a smartphone than their white counterparts. So, what does this all mean? For one thing, it suggests that texting has become the preferred mode of communication for teenagers. This is likely due to the fact that texting is quick, easy, and informal. Unlike email, texting is also something that can be done on-the-go, making it perfect for teens who are always on-the-move. The high rate of cell phone ownership also suggests that teenagers are more connected than ever before. With smartphones, teens have instant access to the internet, social media, and a whole host of communication tools. While this can be a good thing in some ways, it can also have negative consequences. For example, the study found that teenagers who spend more than five hours per day on their phones are more likely to report symptoms of anxiety and depression. Overall, the Pew study has shed some interesting insights into the daily lives of American teenagers. It seems that texting has become the go-to mode of communication for this younger generation, while email has fallen out of favor. With cell phone ownership rates at an all-time high, it's clear that teenagers are more connected than ever before. However, this connectivity may come at a price, with some teens experiencing negative mental health effects as a result of too much screen time.