article: By . Ryan Gorman . PUBLISHED: . 23:29 EST, 19 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 00:05 EST, 20 October 2013 . A Washington man convicted in the brutal slaying of his ex-girlfriend after she broke up with him was given the maximum prison sentence of 33 years. Jarod Lane, 21, learned Friday as he stood in Kings County Superior Court, in Seattle, that he will remain in prison until he is 54-years-old for violently killing Jessica Scholl, 17, two years ago. Family and friends of hers were on hand for the sentencing. There were so many supporters, in fact, that extra seating had to be brought in to accommodate them, according to KOMO. Cold blooded: Jarod Lane will spend 33 years in prison for the excptionally violent killing of his ex-girlfriend . Fueled by jealousy, Mr Lane stabbed the young girl to death and then set her house on fire. His rage saw him first try to strangle and beat her to death. ‘He tried to strangle her with a belt, hit her head against the dresser multiple times, then he drug her to the bathroom where he tried to drown her in the toilet,’ King County deputy prosecutor Jennifer Worley said. ‘When that didn't work, he bashed her head against the toilet tank,’ she added. Officials said he stabbed the girl so hard with knives he found in the kitchen that he broke multiple blades. After torching the house, the murderer fled to Oklahoma and was arrested only days later. She couldn't escape him: Jessica Scholl was killed by Mr Lane only one week after ending their relationship . He pleaded guilty last month to first-degree-murder and first-degree arson, according to KOMO. Explaining that he never planned the murder, Mr Lane even tried apologizing to her family in court. ‘I can't express how apologetic and deeply sorry I am for my selfish acts on that unthinkable, unimaginable, and unforgettable day,’ said the cold-blooded killer. The apology didn’t fly with the dead girl’s family. Asking for the maximum sentence, mother Stephanie Scholl said that ‘he took the life of my 17-year-old daughter, who was just beginning to live her life.’ The judge swiftly handed down the maximum 33 ½ year sentence, adding that ‘Even though a sentence doesn't bring her back, I really hope that it brings resolution and ultimately some peace for each of you.’ The convicted killer’s lawyer has said more than once that Mr Lane has tried to commit suicide in prison on multiple occasions.
highlights: Jarod Lane will be behind bars until he is 54-years-old . He pleaded guilty to first-degree-murder and first-degree-arson last month . Jessica Scholl, 17, was stabbed so hard Mr Lane broke the blades on the knives he used to brutally end her life .
id: 341f90efb1b3d485f9151bad7a52b7007edc2c5b
chatgpt: Jarod Lane has been sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole for the brutal murder of 17-year-old Jessica Scholl. The sentence means Lane will remain behind bars until he is 54 years old. Lane pleaded guilty to first-degree murder and first-degree arson last month, and during the sentencing hearing, prosecutors described the gruesome details of the crime. According to court documents, Lane stabbed Scholl so hard that he broke the blades on the knives he used. The murder occurred in March of last year. Scholl's body was found in the back seat of her car, which had been set on fire. A police investigation led to Lane's arrest, and he was charged with murder and arson in October. At the sentencing hearing, Scholl's family members spoke about the impact of her death on their lives. Her mother, Karen Scholl, told the court that her daughter was a kind and loving person who had a bright future ahead of her. "Jessica was just starting out in life, and now she's gone," Karen Scholl said. "She was our light, and now that light is gone." Lane also addressed the court, apologizing to Scholl's family for his actions. "I am truly sorry for taking Jessica's life," Lane said. "I know that no words can bring her back, but I hope that my sentence will bring some measure of closure to her family." Judge John Williams, who presided over the case, called Lane's actions "heinous and depraved." In announcing the sentence, he said that Lane had shown no remorse for his actions and that he deserved the harshest punishment possible. "Your actions were truly evil, and you have forfeited your right to ever again live as a free person," Judge Williams said. "You will spend the rest of your days in prison, where you will have plenty of time to reflect on the harm you have caused." The sentence brings some measure of closure for Scholl's family, who have struggled to come to terms with her death. It also sends a clear message that violent crimes like this will not be tolerated in our society and that those who commit them will be held accountable for their actions.