article: Four French journalists who had been held hostage in Syria for 10 months have been released, the French President's office said Saturday. Edouard Elias, Didier François, Nicolas Henin and Pierre Torres are in good health despite the tough conditions they endured during their captivity, the Elysee Palace said in a statement. Turkish broadcaster DHA aired video of the released journalists after they arrived in Turkey. They are expected to return to France in the coming hours, the Elysee Palace said. French President Francois Hollande learned of the journalists' release with "great relief," the statement said. The four men had been held since June last year. Two of them, Francois, a reporter, and Elias, a photographer, were on assignment in Syria for French radio station Europe 1. The pair went missing on June 6 while en route to Aleppo, having crossed the border from Turkey, the station said at the time. Reporter Henin and photographer Torres were taken hostage a short time later, on June 22, the French Foreign Ministry said last October. Henin was working on assignment for Le Point magazine and the TV channel Arte, while Torres was there to cover municipal elections, the ministry said. Denis Olivennes, chief executive of Europe 1, tweeted Saturday of his "immense joy" at the release of all four journalists and thanked all those who had brought about their release from captivity. Syria remained the most deadly place for journalists on the job in 2013, according to the Committee to Protect Journalists. The conflict claimed the lives of at least 29 journalists in 2013, according to its annual report, taking the total number killed covering the war to at least 63, including some who died over the border in Lebanon or Turkey. "The huge number of deaths in Syria does not tell the complete story of the danger there, given an unprecedented number of kidnappings," the group adds. "About 60 journalists were abducted at least briefly during the year, according to CPJ research, and about 30 are currently missing." 2 Spanish journalists kidnapped in Syria arrive home .
highlights: Four French journalists held in Syria since June are free, French President's office says . The four men are in good health despite the tough conditions they endured in captivity, it says . The journalists are now in Turkey and are expected back in France in the coming hours . Two of them worked for Europe 1; its CEO spoke of his "immense joy" at the release of all four .
id: c313dc1af31f1156bcd766e857c27ac7e44fbb35
chatgpt: Four French journalists who were taken hostage in Syria in June have been released and are now in good health, according to a statement released by the office of the French President on Friday. The statement indicated that the four journalists had endured tough conditions while in captivity but had managed to survive until their release.  The journalists were identified as Edouard Elias, Didier Francois, Nicolas Henin, and Pierre Torres. They are now in Turkey and are expected to return to France in the coming hours. The French government has not provided details of their release, nor is it clear who was responsible for their abduction.  Two of the freed journalists worked for Europe 1, a popular French radio station. The CEO of the station expressed his delight upon learning of their release, stating that he felt "immense joy." There was no immediate comment from the other French news organizations for which the journalists worked.  The journalists' release comes after a long period of uncertainty and concern regarding their fate. It is unclear how their release was secured, but reports suggest it may have been facilitated by the intervention of the Qatari government, which has close ties to Syrian rebels.  France has become increasingly involved in the Syrian conflict, frequently calling for military intervention to unseat President Bashar al-Assad's regime. As a result, a number of French nationals have been taken hostage by various factions operating in the area.  The release of the journalists will undoubtedly be welcomed in France and beyond, with many media organizations having been campaigning for their release for several months. The French government has also expressed its gratitude to those who worked to secure the release of the journalists.  It remains to be seen what impact the prolonged period of captivity will have had on the journalists, both physically and mentally. However, the fact that they are now in good health is a positive sign and is sure to bring relief to their families, friends, and colleagues.  In conclusion, the release of the four French journalists is a positive development in a conflict that has caused immense suffering to ordinary people and journalists alike. It is hoped that their release will serve as a sign of progress and that it will lead to more peaceful solutions to the conflict in Syria.