article: Attention ladies and gentlemen! For his next feat, Nik Wallenda will cross the city of Chicago on a tightrope 50 stories in the air. The daredevil performer revealed his latest plan in an interview with Outside, and it is not for the faint of heart. He said he will begin at the Marina City West tower and walk a wire strung at an uphill 15-degree angle across the Chicago River to the Leo Burnett Building. Scroll down for video . Latest feat: Nik Wallenda (above walking the Grand Canyon) has announced he will cross the Chicago River 50 stories in the air this November for a live-TV special . Up in the air: Wallenda will walk from the Marina City West tower (far right) to the Leo Burnett Building (far left), then return to the West tower and walk to the Marina City East tower (second from right) And's that's not all. Then he'll come down to ground level, walk back to Marina City West, and cross another wire to the Marina City East tower. It is all set to go down on November 2, and, of course, will air as a live-TV special on Discovery. This setting is shockingly urban for the tightrope walker, whose last two nerve-racking feats involved him crossing the Grand Canyon and Niagara Falls. The city also presents challenges that seem to make Wallenda a bit nervous. 'It’s gonna be cold. It’s gonna be windy,' he said. 'That’s the challenge. The other walks were enjoyable, peaceful.' Seeing as those previous two 'peaceful' walks took place 1,400 feet in the air, it is safe to say the performer has a far different definition of the word than most. Thrill-seeker: Wallenda has previously crossed Niagara Falls and the Grand Canyon at 1,400 feet in the air . Wallenda will be untethered for the walk, which he prefers. He was tethered for the Niagara Falls walk, but was not for his performance in the Grand Canyon, meaning that any slip would be fatal. Seven members of his family have fallen to their death, most recently Nik’s great-grandfather Karl during a 1978 walk in Puerto Rico. That fear of possible death is what brings in the audiences however, says Wallenda. 'The public is fascinated with a guy on TV that could die at any second.' He quickly added, 'Now, do they wanna see me die? I don’t think so.'
highlights: Nik Wallenda has announced that his latest tightrope feat will involve him crossing the Chicago River 50 stories in the air . The daredevil will walk from the Marina City West tower to the Leo Burnett building, then the Marina City West tower to the Marina City East tower . Wallenda, 35, has previously done walks across Niagara Falls and the Grand Canyon at 1,400 feet in the air . He will be untethered for the walk, and have no nets or harness . The event will air live on Discovery Channel on November 2 .
id: 6d6b2f2ee3b1337240c85aa22c464b027136ddc8
chatgpt: World-renowned daredevil Nik Wallenda has announced that his next tightrope walk will take place high above the Chicago River. The gravity-defying feat will see Wallenda cross the river at a staggering 50 stories above the ground. The walk will begin at the Marina City West tower and will conclude at the Leo Burnett building. Wallenda will then walk from the Marina City West tower to the Marina City East tower, adding to the magnitude of the stunt. This will prove to be a significant challenge even for Nik, who has previously crossed Niagara Falls and the Grand Canyon at heights of 1,400 feet without a harness or safety net. The Chicago skyline will provide a breathtaking backdrop for this unparalleled feat. Wallenda will be untethered during the walk, making the performance even more dangerous. The event is set to take place on November 2 and will be shown live on the Discovery Channel. This unprecedented stunt is expected to draw a huge audience from all over the world. Wallenda, who was born into the legendary Wallenda family of tightrope walkers, has become a household name for his remarkable achievements in the field. His previous stunts have captivated audiences worldwide and have solidified his status as one of the most daring performers in the world today. The Chicago River walk is set to be Wallenda's most impressive feat to date. With no safety net or harness, it will be an incredibly dangerous undertaking that will push him to his limits both physically and mentally. Speaking about the upcoming event, Wallenda said, "This is a dream come true for me. I have been planning this for years, and I can't wait to share it with the world. It will be the most challenging yet rewarding walk of my career." The event is expected to be a massive success, attracting thousands of onlookers to the Chicago River. For those who are unable to attend the event, the live broadcast on the Discovery Channel will allow them to witness the incredible feat of human strength and endurance. In conclusion, the Chicago River walk will be an event that is not to be missed. Nik Wallenda's incredible feat of tightrope walking 50 stories above the ground will be a true testament to the human spirit and the pursuit of impossible dreams.