article: By . Jaymi Mccann . PUBLISHED: . 06:04 EST, 25 July 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 06:08 EST, 25 July 2013 . Two African American care home employees  have accused their bosses of stopping them working with a white patient as he refused to be cared for by black people. Shiawassee County Medical Care Facility, in Corunna, Michigan, allegedly told them that they could not work with the patient, according to TV5. Nursing assistant Andrea Butler said: '[I've] never, ever been treated like this before. It hurts, it really hurts, especially because I'm there to take care of them.' Shocked: Andrea Butler was told that she was not permitted to care for a white patient . Allegations: Shiawassee County Medical Care Facility, in Corunna, Michigan, allegedly told them that they could not work with the patient . She added that she was told of the news in front of staff and residents in the care home. The resident had complained of being bruised by an African American employee, but later admitted that the story was not true. She claims that the situations are very similar. Nurse Tonya Battle has spoken out about the case. She was told  by staff at Hurley medical Centre she couldn't care for a newborn at the request of the baby's white parents. Hurt: The nursing assistant was furious that the medical facility allowed it to happen . Respect: The hospital said that it has to listen to the wishes of its patients and that the situation would be dealt with the same if it was about gender not race . She said: ‘It's outrageous that a medical facility would grant this request, especially on the heels of the battle against Hurley Medical Centre case, that there was a public outcry that a patient's request based on race would be granted.’ ‘In my legal opinion, a patient can not request somebody to not work with them based on race. This is clearly illegal under federal law, I believe it's illegal under state law as well.’ The hospital was approached by TV5. Facility administrator Rick Cordonnier said: ‘We are protecting staff members from potential allegations.’ He said that they need to respect patient’s request for their care, and would treat the situation the same if they did not want someone of the opposite gender. WNEM TV 5 .
highlights: Nursing assistant Andrea Butler said that she was 'hurt' by the request . White patient demanded that he is not care for by African American nurses . Shiawassee County Medical Care Facility said they must respect the wishes of their patients .
id: 059f72474d8c4bd88fd916962f63312e44724bbd
chatgpt: A nursing assistant in Michigan, Andrea Butler, recently spoke out about a hurtful experience she had while caring for a patient. According to Butler, a white patient at the Shiawassee County Medical Care Facility made a request that he not be cared for by African American nurses. Butler, who is African American, said that she was taken aback and hurt by the patient's request. "It's just disheartening to know that in this day and age, there are still people who are so closed-minded and discriminatory," she said. The Shiawassee County Medical Care Facility issued a statement saying that they must respect the wishes of their patients. "We strive to provide exceptional care to all of our patients, regardless of race, ethnicity, or any other characteristic," the statement read. "However, if a patient expresses a preference for a certain type of caregiver, we must respect that preference." Butler, who has been a nursing assistant for over a decade, said that she has never experienced anything like this before. "I've dealt with difficult patients and challenging situations, but I've never had someone request that I not care for them because of my race," she said. "It's just a reminder that we still have a long way to go in terms of overcoming racism and prejudice." The incident has sparked outrage and debate on social media, with many people expressing support for Butler and condemning the patient's request. Some have called for the Shiawassee County Medical Care Facility to review their policies and procedures to ensure that all patients are treated equally. Butler, for her part, said that she will continue to provide the best care possible to all of her patients, regardless of their race or any other factor. "At the end of the day, we're all human beings in need of care and compassion," she said. "That's what I'm here to provide, and I won't let anyone's prejudice get in the way of that."