article: By . Craig Hope for MailOnline . Follow @CraigHope_DM . CLICK HERE to follow Sportsmail's LIVE coverage of the transfer deadline day . Gus Poyet is a relieved man after landing two fellow South Americans having earlier warned that failure to sign his targets would be ‘very dangerous’. The Black Cats completed season-long loan deals for Liverpool defender Sebastian Coates and Inter Milan winger Ricky Alvarez on Monday – but there was also disappointment after missing out on Fabio Borini. Poyet – whose side only escaped relegation last season thanks to four wins from their final five matches – had feared another campaign of struggle at the wrong end of the Premier League. Done deal: Sunderland brought in defender Sebastian Coates on loan from Liverpool . Danger averted: Gus Poyet has admitted the Black Cats could have struggled without new signings . Indeed, he said at the weekend: ‘If we don’t get the players in, we’ve got a problem. It would be dangerous, very dangerous.’ Poyet has been a long-time admirer of Uruguayan compatriot Coates and he made it clear to the club’s hierarchy that he wanted the 23-year-old. The centre-back – who managed only 12 league appearances in three years at Anfield – is expected to form a partnership with skipper John O’Shea. Wing man: The Black Cats also signed Inter Milan forward Ricky Alvarez (L) on deadline day . Alvarez, meanwhile, represents something of a coup for the Wearside club. The 26-year-old was part of Argentina’s World Cup squad and has been capped on seven occasions. He appeared 90 times for Inter following a £10m move from Velez Sarsfield in 2010, and Sportsmail understands a similar fee has been agreed to make his move permanent should he impress for Sunderland this season. But Borini’s rejection is also a source of regret for Poyet. He had waited all summer for an answer from the Liverpool frontman over a return to the club, where he spent last season on loan. The Italian, though, was never keen on re-signing and Sunderland have not added a striker to their ranks as the manager had hoped. Borini remained at Anfield after a move to QPR fell though over wage demands. The one that got away: Sunderland failed in their protracted attempt to bring back Fabio Borini . Two players did leave the club, however, defender Valentin Roberge joining Stade de Reims on loan for the remainder of the season, while Modibo Diakite had his contract terminated by mutual consent. It’s not too late to play MailOnline Fantasy Football… There’s £1,000 to be won EVERY WEEK by the highest scoring manager . CLICK HERE to start picking your Fantasy Football team NOW! There’s £60,000 in prizes including £1,000 up for grabs EVERY WEEK… .
highlights: Sunderland signed loan deals for Liverpool defender Sebastian Coates and Inter Milan winger Ricky Alvarez on transfer deadline day . Black Cats failed to bring in Italian forward Fabio Borini from Anfield . Gus Poyet admits it would be 'very dangerous' for club to avoid another relegation scrap without making signings .
id: 2a23da9458d3b0fb84d5f9ca2858ced5caf58764
chatgpt: Sunderland fans can breathe a sigh of relief as the transfer deadline day saw two new loan signings arrive at the Stadium of Light. The Black Cats have brought in Liverpool defender Sebastian Coates and Inter Milan winger Ricky Alvarez for the season. However, the club's hopes of securing the services of Italian forward Fabio Borini have been dashed as he didn't come through the door on time. The arrival of Coates and Alvarez has bolstered Gus Poyet's squad and should give fans a reason to be optimistic. Coates comes highly rated from Premier League giants Liverpool, where he has struggled to break into the first team after a series of injuries hampered his progress. Sunderland will be hoping the Uruguayan can rediscover the form that earned his move to Liverpool in 2011. Meanwhile, Alvarez arrives from Italian giants Inter Milan, where he spent last season on loan at the Argentine side, Velez Sarsfield. The winger will be looking to make an impact in the Premier League and help Sunderland climb up the table. However, the frustration of missing out on Borini is evident. The Italian, who spent last season on loan at the Stadium of Light, had been a top target for Gus Poyet this summer. Despite negotiations with Borini's parent club, Liverpool, Sunderland were unable to agree on a fee for the player. The Italian forward was keen to make a permanent move to the club where he enjoyed a successful loan spell, but it looks like he'll be staying at Anfield for the time being. Gus Poyet has openly admitted that Sunderland cannot afford to make the same mistakes as last season, where they narrowly avoided relegation. The Black Cats boss believes that the club needed more signings if they are to avoid another scrap at the bottom of the Premier League. Poyet's concerns are not unfounded, as Sunderland's lack of strength in depth was evident throughout last season. With the added pressure of a new season and the added competition from a number of clubs who have strengthened their squads over the summer, the Uruguayan is right to be concerned. The signing of Coates and Alvarez is a step in the right direction and will add much-needed quality and depth to Sunderland's squad. However, it is clear that the club are still in need of another top striker if they are to seriously compete in the Premier League. Sunderland will be hoping that they can dip back into the transfer market in January to secure the services of a quality forward. Until then, they will have to rely on existing players such as Jermain Defoe and Steven Fletcher to deliver the goods. In conclusion, the transfer deadline day has been a mixed bag for Sunderland. The arrival of Coates and Alvarez is a boost for the club, but the lack of a top-class striker could prove costly. Gus Poyet will be hoping that his new signings can settle in quickly and make an immediate impact as they look to avoid another relegation scrap this season.