article: (CNN) -- The plan to embalm the body of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez may have hit a snag. Scientists in a preliminary assessment have determined that the process might be "quite difficult," acting president Nicolas Maduro said Wednesday. Maduro said at the opening of the Book Fair of Venezuela that scientists argued that "the decision should have been taken much earlier." He didn't say why -- but added that Chavez will always remain in Venezuela's collective memory . "More than your physical body, we have the commander in eternal memory, especially this generation who heard it, touched it, saw him," Maduro told the audience. "We have to keep alive his image, his voice, his thinking." Chavez died this month, at 58, after a battle with cancer. Maduro had initially said his body would be embalmed. The plan was to have Chavez's body displayed much like the remains of former revolutionary leaders Vladimir Lenin of Russia and China's Mao. Venezuelan elections are scheduled for April 14 , about six weeks after Chavez died earlier this month. Maduro filed papers Monday to officially register to run for president. Photos: The displayed bodies of world leaders . During the televised event, Maduro and his supporters from United Socialist Party of Venezuela sang along with a recording of Chavez belting out Venezuela's national anthem. "I am not Chavez, but I am his son," Maduro said. "And all together, the people, we are Chavez." Despite Maduro being from Chavez's political party, there will be a strong challenger for Venezuela's top spot. Opposition candidate Henrique Capriles Radonski said he was ready for a fight. Capriles, 40, ran against Chavez last year and lost. But he mounted one of the fiercest challenges during the late president's 14 years in power. "My fight is not to be president. My fight is for Venezuela to move forward," Capriles said Sunday night. On Monday, he also filed paperwork to run for the presidency.
highlights: Chavez died this month after a battle with cancer . The original plan was to embalm Chavez . Scientists say embalming Chavez may be difficult .
id: b6ace9eb951ae04e921f2db3e22d02eac4addfae
chatgpt: Hugo Chavez, the former Venezuelan president, passed away this month after a long and arduous battle with cancer. Chavez's death was not only a tragedy for his loved ones but also for the people of Venezuela, who still feel his impact on their nation. The original plan for Chavez's body was to embalm it, but it has been reported that this may not be an easy task. Chavez, who was known for his anti-American rhetoric, led Venezuela for 14 years before passing away. During his reign, he transformed the country's economic and social systems, providing universal healthcare and education for its citizens. His socialist policies made him a hero to many in the developing world, but he was a controversial figure in the United States. When Chavez passed, it was initially announced that he would be embalmed, creating a permanent memorial to the leader. But now, there are reports that the task of embalming Chavez may not be as easy as first thought. According to scientists, the process of embalming is complicated, and when dealing with a body that has been deceased for some time, it can be even more challenging. In Chávez's case, his body was transferred to a hospital in Venezuela for treatment leading up to his state funeral, which may have further complicated the preservation process. This news comes as a surprise to many Venezuelans, who were eager to preserve Chavez's memory. However, it is important to note that preserving a body is no easy task, and there are many factors that could make the process more difficult than expected. Despite the possible hurdle, it is clear that Chavez's legacy will endure. His revolutionary policies and outspokenness made him a world-known leader, and he will continue to be studied and revered for many years to come. The Venezuelan people will undoubtedly remember him fondly, and the impact he had on the nation will never be forgotten.