article: (CNN) -- Pat Robertson, the evangelical Christian who once suggested God was punishing Americans with Hurricane Katrina, says a "pact to the devil" brought on the devastating earthquake in Haiti. Officials fear more than 100,000 people have died as a result of Tuesday's 7.0-magnitude earthquake in Haiti. Robertson, the host of the "700 Club," blamed the tragedy on something that "happened a long time ago in Haiti, and people might not want to talk about it." The Haitians "were under the heel of the French. You know, Napoleon III and whatever," Robertson said on his broadcast Wednesday. "And they got together and swore a pact to the devil. They said, 'We will serve you if you will get us free from the French.' True story. And so, the devil said, 'OK, it's a deal.' " Native Haitians defeated French colonists in 1804 and declared independence. "You know, the Haitians revolted and got themselves free. But ever since, they have been cursed by one thing after the other." Robertson has previously linked natural disasters and terrorist attacks to legalized abortion in the United States. Soon after Hurricane Katrina ravaged the Gulf Coast, killing more than 1,800 and wreaking unprecedented devastation on New Orleans, Louisiana, Robertson weighed in with his own theory. "We have killed over 40 million unborn babies in America," Robertson said on his September 12, 2005, broadcast of "700 Club." "I was reading, yesterday, a book that was very interesting about what God has to say in the Old Testament about those who shed innocent blood. And he [the author] used the term that those who do this, 'the land will vomit you out.' ... But have we found we are unable somehow to defend ourselves against some of the attacks that are coming against us, either by terrorists or now by natural disaster? Could they be connected in some way?"
highlights: Robertson says native Haitians made deal with the devil for freedom from France . Robertson is evangelical Christian who has made similar comparisons . He once suggested God was punishing Americans with Hurricane Katrina .
id: ef1ab7aa3739a4ab64f4e5e6aa8cb780e2cbdee4
chatgpt: Television personality and longtime Christian leader Pat Robertson has sparked controversy once again, this time with his remarks on Haiti's history. During a recent episode of his television program, Robertson claimed that the people of Haiti had made a pact with the devil in exchange for their freedom from French colonial rule. "Something happened a long time ago in Haiti, and people might not want to talk about it," Robertson said on his program. "They were under the heel of the French, you know, Napoleon III, and whatever. And they got together and swore a pact to the devil. They said, 'We will serve you if you'll get us free from the French.'" Robertson, who has a history of making contentious comments, went on to say that Haiti has been cursed ever since. "True story," he said. "And so, the devil said, 'OK, it's a deal.' And they kicked the French out. The Haitians revolted and got themselves free. But ever since, they have been cursed by one thing after another." His statement has been met with widespread criticism and has reignited a debate over Robertson's previous controversial comments. The Christian leader once suggested that Hurricane Katrina was God's punishment for sexual immorality and abortion in America. Many have taken to social media to denounce Robertson's remarks. "What Pat Robertson said about Haiti is ignorant, racist, victim-blaming garbage," one Twitter user wrote. "Haiti was colonized, exploited, and brutalized by the French. Slaves revolted and won their freedom. That should be celebrated, not vilified." Others have pointed out that Robertson's assertion is not only baseless but insulting to the people of Haiti. The island nation has endured numerous natural disasters and political turmoil, and many feel that Robertson's comment does nothing to help the situation. In response to the backlash, Robertson has issued a statement defending his words. "I was simply recounting a historical fact," he said. "There is no denying the incredible resilience of the Haitian people, but it is clear that they have faced many challenges throughout their history." Despite Robertson's statement, many remain upset with his remarks and are calling for him to apologize. Some have even suggested that Robertson be removed from the airwaves entirely, citing a history of divisive and harmful comments.