article: Reggie Bush is the latest athlete to come to the defense of Adrian Peterson in the wake of his indictment on child abuse charges last week, saying he will discipline his own daughter in the same manner Peterson disciplined his son. Appearing today on the Boomer & Carton show, the 29-year-old Detroit Lions running back said Peterson should never have been suspended from league play after getting in trouble for beating his son with a switch. He then added that if his daughter behaved inappropriately, she too would receive a punishment similar to the one Peterson gave his son. Scroll down for video . Peterson protector: Reggie Bush (above, with daughter Briseis) came to the defense of Adrian Peterson in an interview earlier today . Too much?: Bush said he would be sure not to hit his daughter Briseis (left with mother Lilit Avagyan, right with Bush) so hard that she was left bruised like Peterson's son . Bush's daughter Briseis is just one-year-old. 'I have a one-year-old daughter, and I discipline her,' he said during the interview. 'I definitely will try to — will obviously not leave bruises or anything like that on her. But I definitely will discipline her harshly depending on what the situation is.' According to CBS 2 New York, Bush, who used to date Kim Kardashian, was then asked if he would ever hit his daughter with a switch, to which he responded, 'I would possibly consider it, depending on what she did.' Former lovers: Bush used to date reality star Kim Kardashian (both seen above) Bush chalked up his opinion on the subject to the fact that he was disciplined in the same way as Peterson's son when he was younger. This weekend, former NBA star Charles Barkley also defended Peterson, saying the type of punishment the NFL star doled out is common among 'black parents in the South.' One person who is not coming to Peterson's defense however, is Minnesota Vikings Hall of Fame quarterback Fran Tarkenton, who said earlier today he is 'embarrassed' by his former team's decision to allow Peterson back on the field this weekend. 'These are serious accusations,' he told Fox News. 'And the only way you’re going to get the attention of an NFL player is to take away his paycheck and take him off the field. This is way above winning or losing a football game. I strongly disagree with the notion of playing him this week.' Not fans: Former Minnesota Vikings players Fran Tarkenton (left) and Cris Carter (center) said they do not think Peterson (right) should be allowed to play . Former Viking Cris Carter also said that he felt Peterson should not be playing when he appeared on NFL Sunday this weekend. This all stems from an incident last May when Peterson hit his four-year-old son so hard the child was left with bruises and open wounds. Peterson faces up to two years in prison and a $10,000 fine if found guilty.
highlights: In an interview today,  Reggie Bush defended Adrian Peterson, saying he would discipline his one-year-old daughter the same way if she misbehaved . Bush also said he would possibly use a switch on the young girl, but would not leave bruises . Peterson was indicted on abuse charges last week for beating his four-year-old son so badly that the child was left with bruises and open wounds . Also today, Minnesota Vikings Hall of Fame quarterback Fran Tarkenton said he is 'embarrassed' his former team is letting Peterson play this Sunday .
id: e963f46c3ed5a696b14ec1971f86f88bb6d19953
chatgpt: Former NFL running back Reggie Bush has come out in defense of Adrian Peterson, saying that he would discipline his own one-year-old daughter in a similar way if she were to misbehave. During a recent interview, Bush offered his support to Peterson, who was indicted last week on abuse charges for allegedly beating his four-year-old son. Bush also revealed that he would consider using a switch on his daughter, but would never leave bruises. "I was like, 'I would possibly use a switch, but I wouldn't leave bruises,'" said Bush. "'I would discipline her and handle her like any parent should be able to discipline their child.'" Bush's comments have sparked controversy, with many people criticizing his decision to defend Peterson. However, the former NFL player stood by his statements, insisting that discipline is an important part of parenting. "I don't see anything wrong with disciplining your child as long as you don't leave bruises or marks on them," said Bush. "We all got disciplined as kids, so why is it such a big deal now?" In addition to Bush's comments, Minnesota Vikings Hall of Fame quarterback Fran Tarkenton has also expressed his disappointment with the team's decision to let Peterson play this Sunday. "I'm embarrassed by the fact that the Vikings are letting him play," said Tarkenton. "I think he should be suspended until this thing is resolved one way or the other." Despite the controversy surrounding Peterson, the Minnesota Vikings have announced that the running back will be allowed to play in their upcoming game against the New Orleans Saints. The decision has sparked outrage among many fans and commentators, with some calling for Peterson to be suspended indefinitely. As the debate over Peterson's future continues, many are left wondering how the NFL will respond to the ongoing issue of domestic violence among players. While the league has taken steps to address the problem in recent years, there is still much work to be done to ensure the safety and well-being of all players, both on and off the field.  In the midst of all of this controversy, it appears that the issue of how to properly discipline children has also come into focus. While many parents argue that discipline is necessary, others are questioning the methods used by some adults to control their children. As the debate continues, it is clear that this is a complex issue that will require careful consideration by all involved.