article: Chelsea star Ramires flashes a grin as he bumps into ex Blue teammate Demba Ba in Turkey. Jose Mourinho's side have jetted out for a pre-season charity tournament where they play two 45 minute friendly matches against Besiktas and Fenerbahce. Senegalese striker Ba, who scored 14 goals in 51 matches during his 18 months at Chelsea, left Stamford Bridge for Besiktas last month after falling down the pecking order behind new signing Diego Costa and Fernando Torres. Fancy seeing you here!: Ramires looks happy to see old pal Demba Ba in Turkey . But Ba seemed happy in his new surroundings as he chatted to the Brazilian midfielder ahead of the event which will raise funds for the families of the 301 people killed in May's Soma mining disaster. He also caught up with old pal Eden Hazard after the game. An explosion and subsequent fire left 787 workers buried underground leading to a four-day rescue effort and three days of national mourning. It was the worst disaster of its kind in Turkey. Goalkeeper Mark Schwarzer was photographed wearing a T-shirt in support of those affected. Show of support: Mark Schwarzer poses for a photograph in Soma T-shirt . Happy times: Demba Ba and Ramires celebrate goal during Chelsea's match with Sunderland in December 2013 . Old friends: Demba Ba poses with Chelsea's Eden Hazard after the game . All of the players donned the shirt during the warm-up. The games should give Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho another chance to work out his best XI ahead of the Premier League season, while giving his World Cup stars another chance to impress. Fenerbahce also boast one-time Blues midfielder Raul Meireles in their ranks. CLICK HERE to start picking your Fantasy Football team NOW! There’s £60,000 in prizes including £1,000 up for grabs EVERY WEEK… .
highlights: Jose Mourinho's side play friendly matches against Besiktas and Fenerbahce . Senegalese international Ba left Stamford Bridge for Besiktas last month . Chelsea also likely to face one-time Blues midfielder Raul Meireles who now plays for Fenerbahce .
id: 499f036b94b4a986faffbd2bce072999534a0c8b
chatgpt: Chelsea football club has announced their plan to play friendly matches against Besiktas and Fenerbahce, two Turkish clubs. The matches are scheduled to take place in Istanbul, Turkey, on August 4th and 7th respectively. The Blues will be looking to fine-tune their preparations ahead of the new football season. The team's manager, Jose Mourinho, will be hoping to lead his side to victory in both matches. However, it may not be an easy task, as both teams have quality players who could pose a challenge to the English side. One such player is Demba Ba, the Senegalese international who left Stamford Bridge for Besiktas last month. Ba, who played for Chelsea for a season and a half, will be eager to prove himself against his former club. In addition, Besiktas finished third in the Turkish league last season and will be looking to build on that performance. Chelsea will also likely face one-time Blues midfielder Raul Meireles, who now plays for Fenerbahce. Meireles, who won the Champions League with Chelsea in 2012, will also be looking to make an impact against his former side. The matches will give Chelsea an opportunity to assess their squad and try out different tactical formations. Mourinho will be looking to build on the team's impressive performances last season, where they finished third in the Premier League and reached the semi-finals of the Champions League. The matches will also be a chance for some of the team's new signings to impress their manager and fans. Chelsea has already signed Diego Costa, Cesc Fabregas, Filipe Luis, and Didier Drogba during the summer transfer window. The team will be hoping that the new signings will be able to integrate quickly and help the team mount a serious challenge for the Premier League title. Overall, the friendly matches against Besiktas and Fenerbahce will be crucial for Chelsea's preparations ahead of the new season. Mourinho will be hoping that his team can come away with two victories and build some momentum ahead of the Premier League kick-off on August 16th.