article: (CNN) -- New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie blasted Democrat Mary Burke on Monday, saying the Wisconsin gubernatorial hopeful can't be trusted after her campaign hired a political consultant who appeared to plagiarize parts of her job plan from other candidates. "I don't think they were teaching plagiarism at Harvard Business School. I don't think they were teaching you to cut and paste other peoples' work and call it your own," Christie said at an event for Republican Gov. Scott Walker in Hudson, Wisconsin. Burke, a former Trek Bicycle executive who has a business degree from Harvard, fired consultant Eric Schnurer earlier this month after BuzzFeed reported that portions of her jobs plan were apparently plagiarized from former candidates in other states. Chris Christie builds profile as he eyes 2016 presidential run . "If you can't trust her honesty and her integrity when she tells you that this is her plan, why would you trust her honesty and integrity on anything else she tells you about what she'll do for Wisconsin or about Scott's record?" Christie said. "You shouldn't trust any of it." Burke's campaign did not return a request for comment from CNN. Her team added citations to parts of her jobs plan and fired Schnurer. According to the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel, Burke said last week that her jobs plan did not violate her principles. "When you put together economic development plans, this is about bringing in the best ideas," she said. "And this is not anything more than bringing good ideas to Wisconsin, to the plans on how I'm going to move Wisconsin forward. And in describing some of these ideas, similar language was used by the consultant that was used in those ideas that he incorporated in other candidates' plans." Walker is in a tight race with his Democratic challenger. A recent poll showed Walker with a slim three-point advantage over Burke. Christie's appearance for Walker, a fellow potential contender for the 2016 GOP presidential nomination, came the same day as first lady Michelle Obama campaigned for Burke in Milwaukee. "She is in this for the right reasons," the first lady said at a rally for Burke. "She cares about people. She doesn't care about politics."
highlights: Chris Christie stumps for fellow Gov. Scott Walker in Wisconsin . Christie dings Walker's opponent, Mary Burke, over a plagiarism scandal . Polls show Walker and Burke are in a close race for governor . First Lady Michelle Obama campaigns for Burke .
id: 19bbd11313fe1ddbeb0b955957c13e09ae35f4b4
chatgpt: On Wednesday, former New Jersey governor Chris Christie came to Wisconsin to campaign for Governor Scott Walker in his bid for re-election. The two governors appeared together at a rally in Hudson, Wisconsin, where Christie gave a rousing endorsement of Walker and took a few shots at his opponent, Mary Burke. During his speech, Christie took aim at Burke over allegations that she had plagiarized portions of her jobs plan from other candidates. He stated that "Governor Walker has got somebody who's been caught plagiarizing, when it comes to plans, when it comes to ideas." He went on to say, "that's not what the people of Wisconsin deserve." Christie, who is considered one of the Republican Party's best speakers and a possible presidential candidate, was greeted with applause and cheers by the crowd. He said that the two governors share a commitment to conservative principles and praised Walker's record in office. "Governor Walker has been a great governor for this state," he said. "He's been a great leader and he's done exactly what he said he would do." The event came as the latest poll showed a close race between Walker and Burke with Walker leading by only two points. The poll also revealed that First Lady Michelle Obama, who is known for her popularity on the campaign trail, will be campaigning on behalf of Burke in the coming days. Republicans in the state have been working hard to mobilize their base and turn out the vote. They see Wisconsin as a key battleground in the upcoming midterm elections, and believe that a win for Walker would be a major boost for their party. Meanwhile, Democrats are hoping that Burke can pull off an upset and become the first Democrat to win a gubernatorial race in the state since 1982. Christie's visit was seen as a sign of the high stakes in this race, and a testament to the importance that Republicans place on holding onto the governorship in Wisconsin. As the race enters its final days, both sides will be working hard to rally their supporters and turnout the vote on election day.