article: New York (CNN) -- A county prosecutor in Michigan is proposing a law that could punish parents with jail time for repeatedly missing their children's parent-teacher conferences. Wayne County Prosecutor Kym Worthy introduced a proposal Tuesday at a Detroit City Council meeting that would require a parent to attend at least one parent-teacher conference a year or face up to three days in jail, according Maria Miller, Worthy's press secretary. The proposal, which Worthy has also sent to the state legislature and the Wayne County Commission, would exempt parents whose children are performing exceptionally well or who are actively engaged with their children's teachers. Parents who are unable to travel for health reasons also would be exempt. So far the proposal has met with mixed responses. Detroit Council President Pro Tem Gary Brown applauded Worthy's idea, saying he would support legislation. "It's child abuse when your child is failing in school and you're not involved, because you are strapping that child to a life of poverty," Brown told CNN. He noted, however, that jailing parents for missing school meetings might not be practical and suggested altering the punishment. "If it's not jail maybe it's something else, but we've got to do something to get the parents' attention," he said. Daniel Lessard, a member of the Livonia Public Schools board, said that he agrees with the need to get parents involved, but called the idea "the dumbest thing I've ever heard." "You can't legislate parental involvement. I think this proposal is purely political and a real neat way to get your name in the paper," Lessard said. Wayne County Commissioner Laura Cox, R-Livonia, blasted the proposal because she feels that Worthy has bigger problems she needs to deal with first. "Kym Worthy has a record of complaining that her office doesn't have enough funding to prosecute violent crimes, and now she wants to put parents in jail. It's despicable," Cox said. According to the proposed ordinance, teachers would work to accommodate parents' schedules by setting up conferences at any time during the day. Additionally, any parent convicted under the law would have their sentences delayed to give them another chance to attend a meeting. If they do, the charges would be dropped. At present there is no legislation pending in the state House, County Commission or City Council. Kym Worthy was not available for comment Thursday.
highlights: Parents of some children in Detroit schools could be sent to jail for three days . Prosecutor Kym Worthy presented the proposal to the Detroit City Council . The proposal has met with mixed responses .
id: bf8f98db6e4f9ac755c71d7de8b32409838a2a22
chatgpt: The Detroit City Council was presented with a contentious proposal that could land parents of some students in jail for three days. Prosecutor Kym Worthy put forth the proposal aiming to address a persistent issue in some schools within the Detroit Public Schools Community District. The problem that the proposal aimed to solve is student absenteeism. According to Worthy, her office receives a high number of truancy complaints each day, indicating that many students are missing classes without any legitimate reason. These truancy complaints are usually routed to the Wayne County Juvenile Court, which can add more pressure to an already overloaded juvenile justice system. Worthy's proposed solution is to impose penalties on the parents of these chronically absent students. Specifically, if a student misses a certain number of classes without a valid excuse, the parents would be charged with "parental neglect". If convicted, the penalty would be three days in jail, a fine up to $500 or both. However, the proposal has generated mixed responses, both positive and negative. Supporters of the proposal believe that it would help to curb absenteeism among students and, in turn, improve academic performance. On the other hand, opponents see it as an injustice to punish parents for the actions of their children. One school official commented that the proposal might encourage parents to become more proactive in monitoring their children's attendance. Another, however, argued that such a law might create more problems than it solves. For example, the proposal could disproportionately target low-income families, who are more likely to have difficulties transporting their children to school. Additionally, opponents also argue that the proposal could lead to overcrowding of juvenile and adult detention centers. Some believe that it would be a much better tactic to invest more resources in finding out why students are missing school and working with families to address those underlying issues. While the parental neglect proposal is certainly a unique approach to tackling the issue of student absenteeism, many questions still remain regarding the feasibility of the proposal. It remains to be seen how the Detroit City Council will respond to Prosecutor Worthy's plan and what kind of impact it will have on the Detroit Public Schools Community District.