article: Tokyo (CNN) -- A contentious crowd of Tokyo Electric Power Company shareholders showed up Tuesday for their first meeting since the March tsunami to grill company executives about the future of the embattled company, as well as nuclear energy in Japan. But in the end, they rejected a motion for the company to abandon nuclear power, according to the Japanese news agency Kyodo, despite plenty of opposition. "I am against the idea of the board of directors' decision to maintain the nuclear plants. I am here to see that the right decision is taken," said Kazuko Takahashi, as she waited in line to get into the meeting. "The world is moving in that direction and I don't think TEPCO can resist that forever," she said, referring to anti-nuclear movements in nations like Germany. Germany's government formally approved a plan this month to close all the country's nuclear power plants by 2022. More than 9,000 people attended the TEPCO meeting, which lasted six hours. Both numbers were record highs, Kyodo said. Wrapped in a white Tyvek protective suit and mask, similar to the suits worn by members of the clean-up crews at Fukushima Daiichi power plant, Mamiko Nakanishi was urging a general vote in Japan. Protesters, including several activists from the environmental group Greenpeace, held up a banner that called TEPCO "the worst ever polluting company." They called out to the shareholders: "You can change things, get TEPCO to dismantle their nuclear plants." Many of the shareholders had never been to a board meeting before. But with TEPCO stocks in freefall -- they are worth about a tenth of their pre-tsunami value -- the shareholders wanted to have their say about plans for the company in which they had invested. More than three months after the March 11 earthquake and tsunami, TEPCO is still struggling to control the crisis at Fukushima, the worst nuclear accident since Chernobyl in 1986. Three of the reactors experienced full meltdowns and continue to spew radiation. Recent efforts to decontaminate radioactive water that accumulated in the plant were halted because of continuing technical troubles.
highlights: Shareholders voice concerns for future of the company -- and nuclear energy . But they reject a motion to abandon nuclear energy . Many want Japan to close its nuclear plants . TEPCO is still struggling to control the situation at Fukushima .
id: 694bb9f41262d13aee9925b745afb9d455000ac5
chatgpt: Shareholders from Tokyo Electric Power Company (TEPCO), the company responsible for the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster, have voiced their concerns over the future of the company and nuclear energy. However, they have rejected a motion to abandon nuclear energy altogether. The meeting was held on Tuesday to discuss the company’s performance and strategy for the future. Shareholders expressed their concerns about the company’s ability to recover from the Fukushima disaster, which has forced the evacuation of thousands of people and caused widespread environmental damage. Many shareholders are also calling for the closure of all nuclear plants in Japan, arguing that they pose too great a risk to the public and the environment. However, TEPCO CEO Tomoaki Kobayakawa stated that nuclear energy is still an essential part of Japan’s energy mix and that the company would continue to pursue it. TEPCO is still struggling to control the situation at the Fukushima Daiichi plant, which was damaged in a 2011 earthquake and subsequent tsunami. The disaster caused multiple meltdowns and led to the release of radioactive material into the environment. The company has spent billions of dollars on cleanup and compensation for victims, but progress has been slow. Officials now estimate that the decommissioning process could take up to 40 years. Despite the challenges, Kobayakawa assured shareholders that the company was making progress in its efforts to stabilize the situation at Fukushima. He also outlined the company’s plans for the future, including a shift toward renewable energy sources and investment in new technologies. “TEPCO is committed to providing safe, reliable, and affordable energy to the people of Japan,” Kobayakawa said. “We understand that the Fukushima disaster has caused significant damage and we are doing everything in our power to address the situation and prevent future incidents.” While some shareholders may have been dissatisfied with the company’s performance, the rejection of the motion to abandon nuclear energy suggests that there is still support for it among TEPCO shareholders. The debate over the future of nuclear energy in Japan is likely to continue, with many in the country still grappling with the aftermath of the Fukushima disaster. However, TEPCO’s commitment to nuclear energy and investment in new technologies suggests that the company is determined to move forward and provide solutions to the challenges of energy production and consumption in the 21st century.