article: An Alberta man whose German shepherd named Dozer was snatched from his backyard spent a year and a half searching for the pooch before finally giving up. But when Richard Brower of Lethbridge finally decided to look for a new dog online, the search was much shorter. After 18 months of heartache, Brower's own dog was the first one he found himself face-to-face with at his computer. Distraught: Richard Brower of Lethbridge, Alberta searched for 18 months after his beloved German shepherd Dozer was stolen . 'The very first thing I saw was a huge picture of Dozer, and my heart stopped,' Brower told Globalnews.ca. Up until that point, Brower had searched high and low for the 125-pound dog. He'd enlisted his motorcycle riding friends to comb the neighborhood and all but shook down every German shepherd owner he stumbled across, all for naught. 'It's the closest thing to a miracle in my life,' he told CNN. Dozer had been stolen from Brower's backyard, but not from his heart. Nonetheless, the time had recently come for Brower to get a new companion. 'I never gave up hope,' Brower said, 'I'd just come to the realization that I couldn't go on without another dog.' Unbelievable: Miraculously, the first time he searched the internet for German shepherds after deciding to get a new dog, he was led to a picture of Dozer . 'It's the closest thing to a miracle in my life,' said Brower . Found: Dozer was stolen out of Brower's yard but now Brower says he's glad he searched hopefully all those 18 months . After his startling discovery of Dozer at the Claresholm Animal Rescue Society site, he showed the photo to his family. Brower's father was on his way home from a business trip when he stopped at the shelter--which is in a town 50 miles from Brower's home--to investigate. After a couple of quick tests, Brower's dad determined it was Dozer. Staff at Claresholm said they'd picked up Dozer as he was running along a highway nearly an hour from where Brower lives. 'My dad was bawling, I was bawling on the phone,' he said. And when Dozer came home 'he came flying in, put his head into my arm and started doing that wailing that German shepherds do.' All those months of holding out hope had paid off for Brower. 'It's the closest thing to a miracle in my life,' he said.
highlights: Richard Brower of Lethbridge, Alberta was so heartbroken by the loss of his dog that he searched for a year and a half before deciding to get a new dog . The first time Brower searched the internet for German shepherds for sale, he wound up being directed to a nearby shelter's site where he saw Dozer .
id: 2ac9ffa5e86a882ec47d6b1f50e22e0bfd9d4140
chatgpt: Losing a beloved pet can be heart-wrenching, and in the case of Richard Brower of Lethbridge, Alberta, it was a pain that took nearly a year and a half to heal. After the passing of his loyal companion, Brower searched high and low for a new dog to join his family. His search led him to unexpected places, before eventually finding his new furry friend. The first time Brower searched the internet for German shepherds for sale, he was directed to a nearby shelter's site. It was there that he discovered a dog named Dozer. Dozer was a large, friendly German shepherd with a great smile and an even greater personality. Brower was instantly drawn to the dog and felt a connection right away. Despite his attraction to Dozer, Brower hesitated to adopt a new dog so soon after the loss of his previous pet. He wanted to make sure he was making the right decision, and also felt a sense of loyalty to his former companion. Over the course of the next year and a half, Brower thought long and hard about the possibility of adopting Dozer. He visited the animal shelter numerous times to spend time with the dog, to walk him, and to play with him. Eventually, he found himself at the shelter so often that the staff began to recognize him. When Brower finally decided to take the plunge and adopt a new dog, he knew it was going to be Dozer. He filled out the necessary forms and completed the necessary adoption process with the shelter. Before he knew it, Dozer was his new best friend. Reflecting on his adoption journey, Brower said "I'm just so happy that Dozer is finally mine. He's such a great dog and he's brought so much joy back into my life." His love for Dozer shines through in his voice and body language, and the two are clearly a match made in heaven. The staff at the shelter are thrilled that Brower and Dozer found each other. They believe that Dozer will have a great life with his new owner, and that Brower has found a new sense of purpose and companionship with his new dog. Brower's story serves as a reminder that there are many dogs in shelters around the world waiting for their forever homes. By adopting a dog, people can help reduce the number of animals in shelters, while also benefiting from the companionship that dogs provide. And for Richard Brower, adopting Dozer was the perfect way to heal his heart after the loss of his beloved pet.