article: By . Dominic King . Follow @@DominicKing_DM . Lazar Markovic will take Liverpool’s spending towards £60million on Tuesday when he is confirmed as Brendan Rodgers’ fourth summer signing. The Serbia international arrived on Merseyside on Sunday night ahead of completing a two-part medical at Spire Liverpool Hospital and the club’s Melwood training ground after Liverpool triggered the £20million release clause in his Benfica contract. Markovic arrived at Anfield later, posing with a club shirt. New arrival: Markovic turns up at Anfield and poses with a Liverpool shirt after signing autographs . Pocketed a move: Markovic smiles after a night out in Liverpool as he hopes to seal an Anfield move . Wanted: Liverpool have met the £20million release clause in Lazar Markovic's Benfica contract . Imminent: Markovic has flown into Merseyside to complete his medical and could sign within 24 hours . Pointing the way: Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers has already been very busy in the market this summer . Liverpool have been pursuing Markovic all . summer – he was a target long before it became inevitable that Luis . Suarez would join Barcelona – and they acted quickly to land one of the . most highly-regarded young players in Europe. Markovic, who played a crucial role in helping Benfica win the Portuguese title last season, has agreed a long-term contract at Anfield and he joins Rickie Lambert, Adam Lallana and Emre Can as new additions to a squad that finished runners-up to Manchester City in May. The 20-year-old, a highly-rated left-sided attacker, will not be Liverpool’s final signing of the window by any means, with Belgium striker Divock Origi also close to joining Liverpool, while they are exploring reviving a deal for in Sevilla left-back Alberto Moreno. Yes we Can: Liverpool have already signed Emre Can from Bayer Leverkusen for £10m this summer . Getting shirty: Rickie Lambert (pictured), Adam Lallana and Emre Can have already signed this summer . Liverpool are considering moves for, among others, Swansea pair Wilfried Bony and Ben Davies, QPR striker Loic Remy and they have not lost interest in Croatia defender Dejan Lovren, even though Southampton are standing firm. Borussia Dortmund’s Marco Reus, however, is not a target. It is set to be a summer of change at Anfield , as a number of players, including Lucas Leiva and Daniel Agger, could leave; while Iago Aspas is set to complete a loan move to Sevilla with a view to a permanent £4.5m deal following talks between the two clubs. Liverpool returned to training last week and play their first pre-season friendly tomorrow in Copenhagen against Brondby; they then face Preston at Deepdale on Saturday before heading to the United States for a tour, where they will be joined by their six England internationals. Shoring up: Liverpool still retain an interest in Southampton defender Dejan Lovren .
highlights: Markovic flies into Merseyside to undergo medical on Monday . Serbia international close to signing for Liverpool for £20million from Benfica, and poses with a Liverpool shirt at Anfield . The 20-year-old Serbian's signing could be announced within 24 hours . He follows Rickie Lambert, Adam Lallana and Emre Can to Anfield . Liverpool considering moves for Wilfried Bony, Ben Davies and Loic Remy . Rodgers also retains an interest in Southampton defender Dejan Lovren .
id: e2e50642e6423123feca48580c2fb67d469967bf
chatgpt: Liverpool is closing in on the signing of Serbian midfielder Lazar Markovic, with the 20-year-old flying into Merseyside to undergo a medical on Monday. The deal, worth in the region of £20million, would see the youngster become the Reds' fourth signing of the summer. Markovic, who currently plays for Benfica, has been linked with Liverpool for some time and it now seems his move to Anfield could be announced within the next 24 hours. The Serbian international was even seen posing with a Liverpool shirt at Anfield and he looks set to join Rickie Lambert, Adam Lallana and Emre Can in Brendan Rodgers' squad for the new season. Jurgen Klopp's side are not stopping there either, with reports suggesting Liverpool are considering moves for Wilfried Bony, Ben Davies and Loic Remy. The Reds have already had a busy summer, surpassing their recent form with some strong signings, and it seems they are not done yet. Bony, who is currently at Manchester City, has been linked with a move away ever since the arrival of Pep Guardiola. The Ivory Coast international has plenty of quality and would add depth to Liverpool's attack, which is already one of the best in the league. Meanwhile, Davies has been impressing for Tottenham in recent years and would add strength to Liverpool's defence. The Welshman is one of the best young defenders in the Premier League and would undoubtedly be a solid addition to Klopp's squad. Finally, Remy is another name being linked with a move to Anfield. The Frenchman has been on loan at Crystal Palace in recent years, but he has struggled to make his mark at Selhurst Park. Nevertheless, he is a talented striker and could be an interesting option for Klopp, who is always on the lookout for goal-scoring talent. However, Liverpool's recruitment drive may not end there, as the Reds are still keen on Southampton defender Dejan Lovren. The Croatian centre-back spent a couple of years at Anfield before moving to the south coast, but Klopp has apparently retained an interest in his former player. Lovren has been a key figure for Southampton in recent years and his experience and quality would be welcome at any top Premier League side. Liverpool are no exception, and with the Merseysiders looking to compete on multiple fronts this season, signing the former Lyon man would make sense. In summary, it looks like Liverpool is set to add Lazar Markovic to their ranks in a deal worth around £20million, with the Serbian midfielder arriving on Merseyside for a medical on Monday. Along with Rickie Lambert, Adam Lallana, and Emre Can, Markovic will give Klopp more options in the middle of the park. However, Liverpool's summer spending may not end there, with the Reds still reportedly considering moves for Bony, Davies, Remy, and Lovren. Klopp is keen to strengthen his squad ahead of the new season, and his team's performances in pre-season show that Liverpool could be a real force to be reckoned with this year.