article: A new mother was found shot dead  Wednesday night, after family received a call to check up on her at home. Family members arrived at the Mars, Pennsylvania home of 42-year-old Tara Sherri Bouie around 11:30om Wednesday night and found her lying dead next to her 5-month-old baby who was sitting in a high chair. It appears Bouie suffered a gun shot wound to her head, but her young child was left unharmed. Investigators believe the baby could have been left unattended for more than 11 hours. Tara Bouie (right) was found shot dead in her western Pennsylvania home Wednesday night, next to her 5-month-old baby who was left unharmed. Police suspect foul play in the mother's death . Bouie's body was discovered by family who went to check on her late Wednesday night. It's estimated that her daughter could have been left alone for as long as 11 hours . Above, a police investigator takes pictures at the scene in Mars, Pennsylvania . Bouie had only been living in the home for a few months, and Pennsylvania State Police Lt Thomas Dubovi said in September it had been the scene of a raid where a man was arrested in connection with a homicide investigation. However, Lt Dubovi could not give more details on the SWAT activity since neighbor State Police or Adams Township Police were involved. 'This is a quiet neighborhood, a rural but affluent neighborhood. Most people around here work and have jobs. We don’t see large amounts of drug activity or anything like that. So, this is unusual,' Lt Dubovni told KDKA. Family told the station that the woman has a boyfriend, but that he doesn't live with her. Police continue to investigate the murder and so far have not made any arrests. 'The circumstances right now are leading us to believe there was foul play involved,' Lt Dubovni told WPXI. Bouie's child is now being cared for by family. An autopsy was set to be performed on Thursday. Bouie allegedly had a boyfriend who did not live with her. Her baby is now being taken care of by family.
highlights: Tara Bouie was found shot in the head at her Mars, Pennsylvania home on Wednesday . Her 5-month-old child was found next to her, unharmed . Police suspect foul play in Bouie's death but have not yet made any arrests . Bouie's home was the center of a SWAT raid last month to arrest a person in connection to a homicide investigation .
id: 7533caf01943c5a6379af770b44983dfaeec99ab
chatgpt: Mars, Pennsylvania – Authorities are investigating the death of a 28-year-old woman who was found shot in the head in her home on Wednesday. Tara Bouie was discovered by a family member at her residence located in the quiet suburb in Mars. Her 5-month-old child was found next to her, unharmed. According to the police report, Bouie's death is being investigated as a homicide and foul play is suspected. No arrests have been made yet, but authorities are following several leads. The case remains under active investigation. Bouie's home had been the subject of a SWAT raid last month during which a suspect was arrested in connection to a homicide investigation. The incident took place on the evening of May 21 when the police raided the house where Bouie and her child were also staying. The suspect was reportedly hiding in the attic of the house and was taken into custody without incident. Neighbors expressed disbelief at the violent incident which took place in their usually quiet community. Many who knew Bouie and her family said they were shocked and saddened by her untimely death. “She was a good mom and hardly ever came outside," neighbor Rick Johnson said in an interview. Bouie had recently moved to the area with her child and was known to keep to herself. She did not have any known enemies or people in her life who might have wished her harm. Authorities are investigating her death as a possibly targeted attack. As of now, investigators have not released any updates on the case, but residents are hopeful that the perpetrator will soon be brought to justice. Anyone with any information about the incident is urged to contact the Mars Police Department. The tragedy has cast a shadow over the otherwise serene and peaceful suburb of Mars, Pennsylvania. Bouie's death serves as a stark reminder of the fragility of life and the need for increased safety measures in all communities.