article: (CNN) -- World No. 1 Rory McIlroy lost his cool in the midst of a heatwave at the BMW PGA Championship as Luke Donald stepped up his challenge to usurp the 2011 U.S. Open champion at the top of the rankings. McIlroy, from Northern Ireland, struggled to a two-over-par round of 74 on the opening day at the Wentworth course while Donald, the defending champion, sits within striking distance of the leaders on four-under. Donald can regain the No. 1 spot with victory at the tournament and must finish in the top eight to have a chance of overtaking McIlroy. His six birdies helped him into a tie for eighth place. Scotland's David Drysdale and Ireland's Peter Lawrie lead on six-under after day one with England's Justin Rose and Alavaro Quiros, from Spain, in a group of five players one shot back. Donald targets No. 1 spot after European Tour award . McIlroy's round included a run of four bogeys in five holes and at one stage he hurled a club to the floor in frustration after a poor shot. "It's a bit of deja vu from last year," he told reporters. "I kept getting off to good starts and sort of making a few bogeys around the turn and not getting any momentum back. "Two under through seven, feel like I'm playing well, then I make four bogeys in five holes. It's pretty disappointing and I feel like I'm playing pretty well, I just need to go out there and shoot a score." McIlroy's compatriot Graeme McDowell's round turned sour shortly after he'd walked off the 18th green as his ball was shown to have moved prior to hitting his second shot from the rough on the closing hole. The 2010 U.S. Open champion was unaware the ball had moved and he was penalised two strokes -- one for not replacing the ball into its original position and one for striking it from the wrong place. It turned his round of level par into a round of two-over. He told reporters: "How are you supposed to attempt to place the ball when you're not sure it's moved in the first place? It's just a harsh one -- one of those freak scenarios in golf. "It's my fault. I probably should have called for a referee. That would have saved me one shot, but what are you supposed to do -- the whole area was sort of bouncing. "I was aware of it and asked for it to be looked at. The rules are there for everybody's protection." Three-time major champion Ernie Els, from South Africa, is on four-under and compatriot Charl Schwartzel, the 2011 Masters champion, finished on three-under. Former world No. 1 Lee Westwood, who was beaten by Donald in a playoff at last year's tournament, birdied the last to finish two-under.
highlights: World No. 1 Rory McIlroy toils on the opening day of the BMW PGA Championship . Northern Irishman hurls club at one stage as he cards a round of two-over-par . Luke Donald can usurp McIlroy's top ranking this week and he sits on four-under . David Drysdale and Peter Lawrie lead after the first day on six-under .
id: f570c08f3bdef3505927e87c3a249fccfc534151
chatgpt: The opening round of the BMW PGA Championship at Wentworth was one to forget for Rory McIlroy. The world number one struggled on Thursday, recording a two-over-par round that included an unpleasant incident where he threw one of his clubs in frustration. The Northern Irishman played the opening nine holes in level-par, but things started to go south on the back nine. He bogeyed the 12th before double-bogeying the par-four 14th. And things were made worse when he sent his tee shot out of bounds on the par-five 16th, resulting in a triple-bogey seven. But McIlroy's day reached its lowest point on the 18th hole, where he lost his cool and hurled his three-iron into the turf. The action drew gasps from the gallery, but McIlroy admitted afterwards that it was a heat-of-the-moment reaction. "I let frustration get the better of me," he said in a post-round interview. "I need to learn to control my emotions better." Despite his struggles, McIlroy was upbeat about his chances of turning things around in the coming days. "I'm only four or five shots off the lead, so I know that if I play well, I can still contend in this tournament," he said. But the man who is looking to dethrone him at the top of the world rankings had a good day, with Luke Donald carding a solid four-under-par round to put himself in contention. Donald, who has previously been ranked number one in the world, knows that a strong showing this week could propel him back to the top. "I'm focused on my game, not Rory's," he said. "But it would be nice to reclaim that number one spot." As for who currently tops the leaderboard, it's a pair of unlikely names. Scotland's David Drysdale and Ireland's Peter Lawrie both carded six-under-par rounds to share the lead after the first day. Drysdale, who is chasing his first European Tour victory, was particularly pleased with his performance. "I love this course and it suits my game," he said. "I'm just going to try to stay relaxed and enjoy the moment." Lawrie, who has been struggling with his game in recent weeks, also expressed his delight at his strong start. "I'm feeling good about my game again," he said. "Hopefully I can carry this form into the weekend." With plenty of golf still to come at Wentworth, it remains to be seen whether McIlroy can turn things around and stay on top of the world rankings. But for now, all eyes will be on Drysdale and Lawrie as they look to maintain their lead over the chasing pack.