article: A half-deaf pensioner who annoyed her neighbours by constantly blasting out Bhangra music has been ordered to pay more than £2,000. Satinder Kholi, 72, repeatedly ignored warnings about playing loud music from her house and back garden after being served a noise abatement notice in July 2013. Magistrates heard she continually breached the order by playing Sound Asia FM tunes from her property in Kings Heath, Birmingham, at all hours of the day and night. Satinder Kholi, pictured, repeatedly ignored warnings about playing loud music at her property in Kings Heath, Birmingham. She was ordered to pay more than £2000 in court costs . Yesterday, the pensioner was found guilty in her absence at Birmingham Magistrates Court of three offences under the Environmental Protection Act. She was fined £400 and ordered to pay court costs of £1,747 as well as a £40 victim surcharge. The court heard Birmingham City Council had already brought a case against Kholi and she was fined in September last year for playing loud music. But she continued to blast out tunes from her radio and environmental health officers received more complaints about noise levels at her home. An environmental health officer visited her home on July 30 last year and heard loud music coming from Ms Kholi's home. A tape recorder was installed and recordings made over two days in August reached levels that constituted a 'statutory noise nuisance.' On August 29, officers seized Ms Kholi's radio, television and laptop. Birmingham magistrates heard she continually breached the noise abatement order she was served with in July 2013 . She was charged with three counts of contravening or failing to comply with an abatement notice under Environmental Protection Act. Councillor Barbara Dring, who chairs the city council's Licensing and Public Protection Committee, said: 'Our officers have received numerous complaints about loud music coming from Ms Kholi's home since April 2013 and she was served with a noise abatement notice in July 2013. 'However, officers continued to receive complaints and, as a result, seized audio equipment from her home on three occasions. 'Despite being asked to turn down the volume, she has repeatedly broken the terms of this notice and shown a lack of respect for her neighbours' welfare and wellbeing - so I am pleased to hear she's been found guilty of these offences.' Her daughter Anita Mukherjee, 44, said her mother was partially deaf and was not bothering anybody with her music. She added: 'It is just one neighbour who complained. My mother is deaf in one ear. She entitled to lead her life, she's not bothering anyone. 'Playing music in the day time doesn't hurt anyone. They also confiscated our LG TV, radio, laptop and about 50 music CDs, a DVD player and eight DVDs. 'She doesn't listen to music loudly or at antisocial hours.'
highlights: Satinder Kholi, 72, repeatedly ignored warnings about playing loud music . Found guilty of three offences under the Environmental Protection Act . Was fined £400 and told to pay £1,747 court costs and £40 victim surcharge . Her daughter said she was partially deaf and was not bothering anybody with her music .
id: 29399c906a8588356745349e45fe67f6c743b957
chatgpt: Satinder Kholi, a 72-year-old woman from the UK, has been found guilty of repeatedly ignoring warnings about playing loud music. Kholi has been charged with three offences under the Environmental Protection Act and has been fined £400, as well as being ordered to pay £1,747 court costs and £40 victim surcharge. The incidents in question occurred over a period of several months, with neighbors complaining to the authorities about the loud music coming from Kholi's property. Despite repeated warnings from the local council, Kholi continued to play loud music during the day and night, causing a disturbance to her neighbors. During her trial, Kholi's daughter argued that her mother was partially deaf and therefore did not realize how loud the music was. She also claimed that Kholi was not bothering anybody with her music, as it was played within her own property. However, the judge in the case was not convinced by these arguments, stating that Kholi had been given ample opportunity to address the issue and had failed to do so. The judge also noted that Kholi's neighbors had a right to peace and quiet in their own homes, and that the noise levels coming from Kholi's property were excessive and unreasonable. The sentencing in this case sends a clear message to others who may be causing noise disturbance to their neighbors. Councils and local authorities have received increased powers in recent years to address issues of noise pollution, and those who ignore warnings are likely to face fines and other penalties. Speaking after the trial, a spokesperson for the local council said that they were pleased with the outcome of the case. They stressed the importance of respecting the rights of others to live in a peaceful environment, and urged anyone suffering from noise pollution to report the issue to the authorities. This is not the first time that noise pollution has been in the news in the UK. Increasing levels of traffic noise, construction work and other disturbances have led to growing concerns about the impact of noise on public health and wellbeing. In response to these concerns, a number of initiatives have been launched to reduce noise pollution, including the use of low-noise road surfaces and the introduction of quiet zones in residential areas. As the population of the UK continues to grow and urban areas become more densely populated, the issue of noise pollution is likely to remain a concern. However, cases like that of Satinder Kholi send a clear message that those who disregard the rights of their neighbors to a peaceful environment will face penalties, and that the authorities are taking noise pollution seriously.