article: (CNN) -- One of the three teenagers accused of setting another boy on fire in Florida in 2009 has been found guilty of the lesser charge of aggravated battery, officials said. Matthew Bent, 17, charged as an adult, will be sentenced July 23, according to Kim Fontana in the State Attorney's Office in Broward County. Bent faces a sentence of four years and five months to 15 years. Bent originally was charged with second-degree attempted murder in the Deerfield Beach attack. The jury returned the verdict Tuesday. The three teens -- Bent, Denver Jarvis and Jesus Mendez -- were accused of pouring alcohol over Michael Brewer and setting him on fire, after a dispute over $40. Brewer suffered burns over 65% of his body and was hospitalized for more than two months. Jarvis and Mendez pleaded no contest and are serving time in prison. Both testified during Bent's trial, according to CNN affiliate WBFS in Miami. Bent did not take the stand, and his defense did not call any witnesses, the affiliate reported. "I am asking that now, today, 975 days later asking you to hold this young man responsible for his actions," prosecutor Maria Schneider said during the trial, according to WBFS. "You can't orchestrate something then wipe your hands and say, 'Oh they did it! They did it on their own, I had nothing to do with it.'" Detectives say Bent demanded $40 he said Brewer owed him and, when he didn't pay, Bent allegedly stole Brewer's father's bicycle. Brewer fingered Bent to police, who arrested the teen. The next day, after Bent was released, the three found Brewer and allegedly surrounded him. Police say witnesses told them his attackers called Brewer a "snitch." Detectives say eyewitnesses told them that then-15-year-old Jarvis poured alcohol over Brewer and then-16-year-old Mendez used a lighter to start the fire. Bent allegedly encouraged the attack. Mendez has admitted setting Brewer on fire, and that he made a "bad decision," according to an arrest transcript. Brewer ran about 100 yards to an apartment complex pool, where he dove in. Speaking in 2010, he told CNN's John Zarrella that he wished he could deal with his three former friends himself. "But, it's over and done with," Brewer said then. "I think they're just jerks and they got what they deserved."
highlights: Matthew Bent was convicted of aggravated battery . He and two other teens were accused of setting Michael Brewer on fire in 2009 . Brewer suffered burns over 65% of his body and was hospitalized for more than two months .
id: 716f4c74680f63382977cfe2868f7a3653d5d68d
chatgpt: After nearly a decade of legal battle, justice was finally served for Michael Brewer, who was set on fire by three teenage boys in 2009. Matthew Bent, one of the perpetrators, was convicted of aggravated battery on Friday. Brewer was just 15 years old when he was doused with rubbing alcohol and set on fire by Bent and his accomplices. The attack occurred in a South Florida apartment complex where Brewer and the boys were living. Brewer suffered burns over 65% of his body and was hospitalized for more than two months, undergoing numerous surgeries and treatments to recover from his injuries. The case gained national attention and sparked outrage across the country. Many were appalled by the senseless act of violence committed by the three teenage boys, all of whom were just 15 years old at the time. Bent's conviction comes several years after his two accomplices, Denver Jarvis and Jesus Mendez, were sentenced to prison for their roles in the attack. Jarvis received eight years in prison, while Mendez was sentenced to 11 years. Bent was initially tried and convicted of attempted murder but was granted a new trial after a judge determined that the jury in his first trial was not properly instructed on the law. During his retrial, Bent was convicted of the lesser charge of aggravated battery. The jury deliberated for several hours before delivering their verdict. Bent now faces up to 15 years in prison, though his attorneys have indicated that they plan to file an appeal. Brewer, who is now in his mid-twenties, has since recovered from his injuries and has been working to advocate for victims of violent crimes. He has spoken publicly about his experience and has worked to raise awareness about the serious consequences of bullying and violence. Despite the lengthy legal battle, Brewer said he was grateful for the outcome of Bent's trial. "It's been a long road, but justice has finally been served," he said in a statement. "I hope that this sends a message to others that violence and hatred have no place in our society." The case has become emblematic of the ongoing problem of violence and bullying in schools and communities across the country. But Brewer's resilience and determination to overcome his injuries serve as a reminder that even in the face of such senseless violence, there is still hope for healing and recovery.