article: Chelsea are on the brink of signing striker Diego Costa from Atletico Madrid after they met the buyout clause to buy the Spanish forward. The West London club have acted quickly to secure Jose Mourinho’s principal summer target and Chelsea have announced that a deal has been agreed with the Spanish club. It is understood that the player’s release clause at Atletico is in the region of £32million. A statement read: ‘Chelsea Football Club can confirm an agreement has been reached with Atletico Madrid for the transfer of Diego Costa, with Chelsea meeting the buy-out clause for the Spanish international.’ Rubber-stamped: Chelsea have agreed a £32m move for the former Atletico Madrid striker . Disappointment: Costa was part of the Spain squad that bombed out of the World Cup in the group stages . VIDEO Chelsea reach Costa agreement . It is understood that personal terms have been agreed with the 25-year-old and the move has been in the pipeline for several weeks. Costa, who was part of the Spanish squad that failed so miserably at the World Cup in Brazil, scored 35 goals as Atletico enjoyed a magnificent season, with Diego Simeone’s side winning La Liga and reaching the Champions League final, only to be defeated by city rivals Real Madrid. Costa will become the club’s second signing of the summer transfer window after Mourinho added fellow Spanish international Cesc Fabregas to his squad in a £30m move from Barcelona in June. Mourinho has been determined to add to his striking options after he felt that the club’s chances of success were last season hampered by the inconsistent form of Fernando Torres, Demba Ba and Samuel Eto’o. All change: Atletico coach Diego Simeone has wished Costa all the best with his departure imminent . The Chelsea manager attempted to sign Wayne Rooney from Manchester United last summer but the striker was eventually persuaded to remain at Old Trafford before signing a new five-year contract at the turn of the year. Atletico are now understood to be targeting Manchester City forward Alvaro Negredo to replace the outgoing Costa. The Spanish club believe that Manuel Pellegrini may be prepared to allow Negredo to leave after his form tailed off in alarming fashion in the second half of last season. The former Sevilla striker scored 23 goals by January for City but then failed to hit the net at any point in the final months of the campaign. Mourinho, meanwhile, will now focus his attention on securing a left-back to replace Ashley Cole, whose contract was not extended at the end of the season. He may return to Atletico for Filipe Luis but Chelsea are hoping to pay a little less than the Spanish side’s £20m asking price.
highlights: Diego Costa was Jose Mourinho's No 1 target . Chelsea confirm they have met buy-out clause for the striker, believed to be around £32million . Spain striker scored 35 goals for Atletico Madrid last season . Costa will be the club's second major signing of the summer after Cesc Fabregas was brought in for £30million .
id: 373962efedbf2b3b760572f46ce713f971f52d47
chatgpt: Chelsea Football Club has confirmed the acquisition of Diego Costa, making him the club's second major signing of the summer. The move has been heavily speculated upon for weeks, with Costa being widely regarded as Jose Mourinho's top target. Chelsea confirmed that they have met Costa's buy-out clause, of a fee believed to be around £32million. The Spanish striker enjoyed a sensational season last term, scoring 35 goals for Atletico Madrid, which has prompted many to consider him one of Europe's most impressive attackers. Costa's physical, robust style of play has also made him well-suited to the English Premier League. Chelsea's signing of Costa further bolsters their front-line, which already includes seasoned veteran Didier Drogba, Andre Schurrle and the returning Romelu Lukaku. Many believe that Costa will immediately slot into the starting XI for the forthcoming season, with Mourinho building a team capable of challenging for major domestic and European honours. The acquisition of Costa could be seen as a statement of intent from Chelsea, who are looking to mount a major challenge for the Premier League title next season. The club's owner, Roman Abramovich, has a history of backing his managers with significant financial support, and it seems that will continue to be the case in the coming years. Costa's signing comes just a few weeks after the arrival of former Arsenal and Barcelona midfielder Cesc Fabregas. Fabregas joined Chelsea for a fee believed to be around £30million, and his arrival caused quite a stir among football fans and pundits alike. With two major signings secured in the transfer window, Chelsea will be seen as favourites to win the Premier League by many. However, they are likely to face stiff competition from the likes of Manchester City, Liverpool and Arsenal. All of these teams have made significant signings of their own in the off-season, as they prepare to battle for the top honours in English football. It remains to be seen whether Costa will hit the ground running in the Premier League, as many foreign imports have struggled to adapt to the rigours of English football in the past. However, with his impressive track record in Spain, the hope is that he will be a star performer for Chelsea in the forthcoming season. With the new Premier League season just a few weeks away, football fans are eagerly anticipating what promises to be a thrilling campaign. Chelsea's signings of Cesc Fabregas and now Diego Costa have certainly raised expectations among their fanbase, and they will be hoping that their team can deliver on the pitch in the coming months.