article: By . Louise Cheer . A man who bludgeoned his wife with a pair of bolt cutters then sat down and drank a beer before he called emergency services. Troy Jay Power, 50, pleaded guilty to attacking Penelope Power on July 3, 2012. The couple had been married for 30 years but in the past two years leading up to the attack they had been living in separate bedrooms. Ms Power had started living somewhere else for the majority of the week. Troy Jay Power attacked his wife of 30 years with a pair of bolt cutters (similar to the ones pictured) while she was on the toilet . The Mandurah man appeared in Western Australia's Supreme Court on Friday. The court heard he had asked Ms Power to come to their Dudley Park home on Dadger Street to talk about their separation. He was angry because he believed she was seeing someone else. She had gone to the bathroom when Power forced the door open and struck her repeatedly on the head and face with the bolt cutters, while screaming: 'I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill myself. I'm not going to jail for anyone.' Ms Power made her way to the lounge room as the attack continued. At one point, Power pushed her to the ground and kicked her. Before he called 000 to raise the alarm, Power grabbed a beer and then threw the phone at Ms Power . As she lay on the floor bleeding and severely injured, Power asked: 'Do you want me to ring an ambulance, or do you want to die?' Ms Power said she wanted an ambulance, but he replied with: 'I will have another beer, and I will think about it.' After he got a beer, Power dialled 000 and, after speaking with an operator, threw the phone at his wife. The court heard that Ms Power was so frightened of what her husband might do if she told the truth that she claimed an intruder had attacked her. The Mandurah man appeared in WA's Supreme Court and pleaded guilty to the Dudley Park attack on Friday . In 2012, Mandurah Mail reported Ms Power had to undergo surgery for her injuries. On Friday Commissioner Kevin Sleight told Power: 'Your wife believed that she was going to die. 'The callousness of your attack is not only demonstrated by the injuries you inflicted, but your response immediately after the attack, by the manner in which you offered her assistance. 'It is very fortunate that your wife did not die. The use of bolt cutters is an aggravating feature because, potentially, blows to the head using bolt cutters was life threatening.' Power was sentenced to six years in prison and will be eligible for parole after four.
highlights: Troy Jay Power was sentenced to six years prison after pleading guilty . The attack on Penelope Power happened in 2012 at Dudley Park in WA . Power was angry at his wife because he thought she was seeing someone . They had been separated for about two years, sleeping in separate rooms . The court heard while he assaulted her, he yelled 'I'm going to kill you'
id: 32b76600daa32841742f9009eca7423001f901c3
chatgpt: Troy Jay Power, a Western Australian man, has been sentenced to six years in prison after pleading guilty to assaulting his wife, Penelope Power, in a vicious attack that occurred back in 2012. The attack took place at Dudley Park, just outside of Perth. The court heard that Power was angry at his wife because he suspected she was seeing someone else. The couple had been separated for roughly two years and were sleeping in separate rooms at the time of the attack. During the assault, Power repeatedly punched his wife in the face and head. He also told her that he was going to kill her. The attack left Penelope with a broken eye socket, a fractured jaw, and several other injuries. In light of the brutal attack, Mr. Power was arrested and charged with various offenses, including aggravated grievous bodily harm. He pleaded guilty to the charges and was sentenced to six years in prison. The judge in the case, Justice Michael Corboy, noted that Power's actions were particularly heinous given that he attacked his wife in a public place, in front of other people. He also pointed out that the attack was premeditated, given that Mr. Power had brought a bat with him to the park where the attack took place. Justice Corboy went on to say that domestic violence is a serious problem in Australia and that the court takes a particularly dim view of such offenses. He urged anyone who is experiencing domestic violence to seek help, explaining that there are a range of services available to those who need it. Penelope Power has since undergone multiple surgeries to repair the damage done to her face and jaw. She told the court that she is still struggling with the psychological trauma of the attack and that she is frightened for her life. In a statement read out in court, Penelope said that she hopes Mr. Power will receive the help he needs while in prison and that he will come to understand the devastating impact of his actions. The case has been widely covered in the media, and many have used it to highlight the issue of domestic violence in Australia. It is hoped that the publicity around the case will encourage more people to speak out against domestic violence and seek help if they need it.