article: Sen. Mark Udall apologized Monday for saying that the two beheaded U.S. journalists would agree the U.S. shouldn't "be impulsive" in dealing with ISIS. "I should not have invoked the names of James Foley and Steven Sotloff. It was inappropriate and I sincerely apologize," the Colorado Democrat said in a statement. The two men were executed in the past month, with their ISIS killers vowing to do more harm if the U.S. maintained its targeted air strikes against the militant group. Terror fears could help GOP in midterms . Udall, who faces a competitive re-election bid this fall, made the original comments during a debate Saturday while warning against rushing into further action beyond the current air strikes in Iraq. "Steve Sotloff and James Foley would tell us, 'Don't be impulsive,'" Udall said at the debate, as seen on video published by National Review Online. "Horrible and barbarous as those executions were, don't be impulsive, come up with a plan to knock (ISIS) back." In his statement Monday, Udall said his "intent was to emphasize the importance of taking the right next steps as we confront this serious threat." Udall, who sits on the Senate Armed Services and Intelligence committees, also has received criticism for arguing that ISIS is not "an immediate threat to the homeland." Obama's 'core coalition' won't defeat ISIS without Mideast . His views are at odds with a majority of the country. According to a new CNN/ORC International poll, seven in 10 Americans believe ISIS has the resources to launch an attack against the U.S. Rep. Cory Gardner, the GOP Senate nominee who's challenging Udall, lambasted Udall's comments from the debate, saying "it's outrageous that Senator Udall would put words into the mouths of dead Americans." Garner also hit Udall for not viewing ISIS as "an imminent threat to America." Answering critics, Udall said in his statement Monday "these terrorists are a serious threat to U.S. interests and allies in the Middle East, and Americans are counting on their leaders to get this right." "I will continue to push the Administration and demand that our country's approach is both tough and smart," he said.
highlights: Mark Udall said executed journalists would urge caution against ISIS . The Colorado Democrat apologized for his comments . Udall is facing a tough re-election bid this fall .
id: b8ded3df11f2e2932e7165379ee18837de79bae7
chatgpt: Mark Udall, a Colorado Democrat, made controversial comments during a fundraiser event on Wednesday night. Udall had reportedly said that if executed journalists could speak, they would urge caution against the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS). The comment was met with criticism and outrage from journalists, politicians, and the general public. Many accused Udall of being insensitive to the victims and their families. Executed journalists, including American James Foley, were brutally killed by ISIS militants in recent months. Realizing his mistake, Udall issued an apology statement on Thursday, saying: "I apologize to those who were offended by my comments. It was not my intention to minimize the tragedy of these journalists' deaths, or to make light of the situation in Iraq and Syria." Udall, who is running for re-election this fall, is facing a tough campaign. The senator has been trailing in the polls behind his Republican challenger, Cory Gardner, and is hoping to regain some ground in the tight race. However, this latest controversy could hurt his chances. Some political analysts believe that Udall's comments could alienate voters who see him as out of touch with the issues that matter most to them. Others argue that the incident has been blown out of proportion and that Udall's apology should be enough to put the matter to rest. Regardless of the outcome, this incident serves as a reminder of the importance of choosing one's words carefully in the public arena. As the election season heats up, candidates must be mindful of the potential consequences of every statement they make. A single misstep can mean the difference between victory and defeat. In a statement of its own, the Committee to Protect Journalists (CPJ) expressed disappointment in Udall's remarks. "Journalists risk their lives every day to report on stories that matter to us all. We honor their sacrifice by continuing to work to protect their rights and freedoms," said the CPJ in a statement. "We urge all politicians to show respect for the journalists who bring us the news, even when we disagree with their reporting."