article: Taquaritinga, Brazil (CNN) -- Brazil's orange harvest is nearing its end as workers in the state of Sao Paulo pluck late-blooming fruit from the trees. The yellow-green oranges will be shipped off to nearby juice factories and then shipped around the globe. Those exports rake in $2 billion for Brazil, the biggest orange juice exporter in the world, accounting for 85 percent of global exports. But now, it is not clear if Brazilian orange juice will be allowed into one of its key markets: the United States. Last week, the Food and Drug Administration temporarily halted all orange juice imports after low levels of the unapproved fungicide carbendazim were found in some juice shipments from Brazil. More recently, the FDA said the juice is safe for consumption. Growers in Sao Paulo say they have been using carbendazim for some 20 years and point out that it is allowed -- in low levels -- across Europe and Latin America. It is also allowed in trace amounts in other food products, like nuts, in the United States. "We didn't even know that it had been banned in orange juice in the United States in 2009," Marco Antonio dos Santos, a third generation orange grower, told CNN. Dos Santos, also the president of the Citrus Department at the Agriculture Ministry, says there are alternatives, however. In fact, he and other growers already rotate the use of carbendazim with other fungicides and techniques for preventing diseases like black spot, which make the oranges fall from the trees before they are ripe. He says Brazilian growers don't want to lose the American market, which is their second biggest after Europe. The United States currently buys 15 percent of Brazil¹s orange juice exports. "If we have to, we'll eliminate this product completely," he said as he walked, showing off his 60-acre grove. "We want to supply the American market, we don't in any way want to lose it. We can adapt to the American system with other products." Growers here would take a hit if this latest crop were barred from America. Global orange juice prices would rise, too. But Dos Santos says producers can adapt quickly and could produce the next crop carbendazim-free if it were necessary. While Brazilian farmers and industry leaders don't see a threat to consumers' health, they say the most important thing is that people aren't afraid to drink orange juice.
highlights: Brazil is the biggest orange juice exporter in the world . The United States currently buys 15 percent of Brazil¹s orange juice exports . Producer: "We can adapt to the American system with other products"
id: c02165f0f86e43b9e80ac6d61595e2903953ea0a
chatgpt: Brazil, the world's largest producer and exporter of orange juice, faces potential roadblocks as the United States threatens to impose a tariff on the country's orange juice imports. The United States, which currently buys 15 percent of Brazil's orange juice exports, could reduce this demand if the tariff goes into effect. However, Brazilian producers are not deterred. They have expressed their willingness to adapt to the American system with other products. While orange juice is a significant export for Brazil, it is not the only product its producers offer. In fact, Brazil has a diversified agricultural sector, including soybeans, corn, beef, and poultry. These commodities can fill the gap left by a decrease in orange juice exports to the United States. Brazil has also been focusing on expanding trade with other countries, including India and China, to reduce its reliance on the United States. The tariff battle between Brazil and the United States is not new. In 2018, the Trump administration announced tariffs on Brazilian steel and aluminum, prompting Brazil to impose retaliatory tariffs on American goods. The threat of new tariffs on orange juice exports is just the latest development in this ongoing trade war. Brazil is not the only country grappling with tariffs on its exports. China, the United States' largest trading partner, has been hit hard by tariffs on its exports. The tariffs have led to reduced demand for Chinese goods in the United States, prompting China to focus on expanding trade with other countries. The global economy is interconnected, and the imposition of tariffs by one country can have far-reaching effects. The United States is not immune to the consequences of its trade policies, as evidenced by the recent impact on American farmers of retaliatory tariffs imposed by China. As the global economy continues to evolve, countries must adopt pragmatic approaches to trade policies. Protectionism, while appealing to some, can have negative effects on both exporters and importers. A more balanced and mutually beneficial approach to trade can provide long-term benefits for both parties involved. In the meantime, Brazilian orange juice producers are keeping a watchful eye on developments in the United States. While the potential tariff is a concern, they are confident in their ability to adapt and find alternatives to maintain their market share in the United States and expand trade with other countries.