article: A lost chapter of Charlie And The Chocolate Factory is to be revealed to coincide with book's anniversary . A lost chapter of Charlie And The Chocolate Factory is to be revealed today – 50 years after Roald Dahl’s most famous book was published. In the missing section from the 1961 draft, mysterious confectioner Willy Wonka took children who won a tour of his factory to the Vanilla Fudge Room – only for the passage to be cut from the published version. But the unused chapter, which introduces two extra naughty characters – Tommy Troutbeck and Wilbur Rice – was found among Dahl’s papers after his death at 74 in 1990. Now, the Roald Dahl estate has released the chapter to coincide with the 50th anniversary of the novel in October. Dahl was drafting his first version of Charlie And The Chocolate factory when he published James And The Giant Peach in 1961 – but it was reportedly binned after his young nephew said it was rubbish. The draft section tells how penniless but kind-hearted Charlie Bucket – who in this version is accompanied to the factory by his mother rather than Grandpa Joe – visit Vanilla Fudge Mountain with the other children. Hundreds of men use picks and drills to work away at what Dahl called the ‘colossal jagged mountain as high as a five-storey building’ made of ‘pale-brown, creamy, vanilla fudge’. Dahl – who also wrote Matilda, The Fantastic Mr Fox and George’s Marvellous Medicine – told how huge chunks of fudge tumble down the mountain before being collected by cranes and dumped on to open wagons. But Tommy and Wilbur ignore Wonka’s warnings and jump on the wagons which enter a tunnel that leads to the Pounding and Cutting Room where the fudge is pounded by a huge machine and cut with knives. Unsurprisingly, nothing more is heard of the two boys. The chapter also reveals several changes made to the original draft before it was published in the US in 1964 and the UK in 1967. The 1961 draft was found among Roald Dahl's papers after his death at 74 in 1990 and has now been released . Two other children who did not make it into the book are mentioned – Augustus Pottle and Miranda Grope – and the Oompa-Loompas who work in the factory were first called Whipple-Scrumpets. When Dahl returned to the book after ignoring his nephew’s advice, his agent Sheila St Lawrence suggested it should have ‘more humour, more light Dahlesque touches throughout’, according to a biography. It is thought to have sold more than 30million copies in the UK.
highlights: Unused chapter introduces two naughty characters -Tommy and Wilbur . The 1961 draft was found among Dahl's things after his death at 74 in 1990 . Missing section sees Willy Wonka take children to Vanilla Fudge Room . Chapter also reveals Oompa-Loompas were first called Whipple-Scrumpets . It has been released to coincide with 50th anniversary of novel in October .
id: 91c43a4467e9ca9d25db03cd82957d849e619f38
chatgpt: A previously unpublished chapter from Roald Dahl’s famous children’s novel, “Charlie and the Chocolate Factory”, has been discovered and will be released in October to coincide with the 50th anniversary of the book. The chapter, which was not included in the final version of the book, introduces two new characters named Tommy and Wilbur.  The chapter was found in a draft of the book dated 1961, among Dahl’s belongings after his death in 1990 at the age of 74. The missing section of the book sees Willy Wonka take the children to the Vanilla Fudge Room. While not strictly necessary to the narrative, the chapter serves to add even more color and whimsy to what is already a beloved children’s classic. The newly discovered chapter also reveals that the Oompa-Loompas were originally called “Whipple-Scrumpets” in Dahl’s original draft. It is not known why the name was changed during the revision process, but the quirky and eccentric tone of the book remains unchanged. Tommy and Wilbur are described as two mischievous boys who are always up to no good. They cause chaos and mayhem in the chocolate factory and seem to delight in causing uproar wherever they go. Despite their naughty behavior, they remain likable characters and add a touch of rebelliousness to the original story. The discovery of the unused chapter is exciting news for Dahl fans, who have long been fascinated by the author’s unique imagination and playful writing style. The fact that the draft was found among Dahl’s personal effects only adds to the fascination and intrigue. Interestingly, other drafts of the book have reportedly existed for some time, but this is the first time that a previously unpublished chapter has been made public. The fact that the release coincides with the 50th anniversary of the book only adds to the excitement and buzz around the discovery. “Charlie and the Chocolate Factory” has long been a children’s classic, capturing the hearts and imaginations of readers young and old. The newly discovered chapter promises to add even more depth and whimsy to an already beloved tale, cementing Dahl’s legacy as one of the most beloved authors of children’s literature.