article: By . Daniel Miller . PUBLISHED: . 03:37 EST, 8 October 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 04:00 EST, 8 October 2012 . Working as a human scarecrow might not have been top of 22-year-old Jamie Fox's list of dream jobs after graduating from university, but at least he's proving a hit with the birds. Mr Fox gets to spend his days reading, strumming his ukulele and squeezing his trusty accordion as he plies his trade as a real life Worzel Gummidge. After studying music and English . at Bangor University, Mr Fox is now half-way through a fortnight long stint . scaring partridges from a field of oilseed rape near Aylsham, Norfolk. Field of dreams: University graduate Jamie Fox is working as a human scarecrow to save up for a trip to New Zealand . Dedicated Jamie, who reaps a reward of £250 a week for his efforts, leaps into action when birds begin to circle, scaring them off with his bright orange coat as he makes a terrible racket with his accordion and cow bell. Mr Fox said he enjoys being out in the fresh air and, while some friends are bemused by his new job, others are envious. Perks: Jamie Fox, pictured after graduating from Bangor University, says he enjoys the fresh air . He said: 'I get to sit and read for a lot of the time, but whenever the partridges appear I have to get up and scare them off. 'I ring a cowbell and I’ve even played the accordion, but the ukulele doesn’t seem to have any effect on them. 'It’s nice to be out in the fresh air but it can get very cold when the wind whips across the land and I have to take shelter in a wood when it rains. It’s not a bad job - and a couple of chums in busier more generously-paid jobs are slightly envious.' Mr Fox, who lives in Aylsham, polices the 10-acre field for eight hours each day and is saving for a planned trip to New Zealand next year. He added: 'I don’t want to be a scarecrow forever but it is giving me time to decide what I will do with my future.' Farmer William Youngs employed Mr Fox because conventional birdscarers had not worked. He said: 'I have tried everything else to keep birds off my fields of young oilseed rape. 'Partridges in particular love it - they nibble off the leaves leaving just the stalk and the plant dies. 'A couple of years ago I lost 30 acres worth thousands of pounds. 'We tried using bangers to scare them off but they simply come back a few minutes later. 'Jamie is doing a great job - you can really see the difference in the crops this year.' Role model: TV scarecrow Worzel Gummidge played by the late Jon Pertwee .
highlights: Real-life Worzel Gummidge Jamie Fox is half-way through a fortnight long stint scaring partridges .
id: 68355a7aea108a02c62792be22e5bdbea4c919f4
chatgpt: In a sleepy corner of the English countryside, a real-life Worzel Gummidge has been hard at work scaring partridges. Jamie Fox, a farmer from Suffolk, has been tasked with protecting his land from the pesky birds which can wreak havoc on his crops.  For the past week, Fox has been spending his days patrolling the fields armed with a raggedy jacket, a floppy hat and a variety of props and gadgets designed to make himself look as scary as possible. From plastic birds of prey to old CDs dangling from trees, he's tried it all, and so far it seems to be working.  In fact, Fox is something of a local legend when it comes to partridge-scaring. Neighbors and fellow farmers regularly seek his advice on the best ways to deter the birds, and many have even taken to copying his techniques.  But what is it about Fox that makes him so successful? According to him, it's all down to the power of imagination. "You've got to put yourself in the shoes of the birds," he explains. "Imagine what it would be like to fly over this field and see a giant plastic owl staring back at you. It's terrifying."  Fox is also a big believer in the importance of variety when it comes to partridge-scaring. "You can't just rely on one method," he says. "These birds are clever, they'll soon work out what you're up to if you don't mix things up a bit."  Of course, it's not all fun and games. Fox admits that sometimes the job can be exhausting, and he has to be careful not to overdo it. "You don't want to scare the partridges so much that they just stop coming altogether," he jokes.  But for the most part, Fox is happy to spend his days out in the fields, chasing away the birds and enjoying the fresh air. "It's a good way to keep yourself active," he says. "And it's also rewarding to know that you're helping to protect your crops and keep them healthy."  As for the partridges themselves, Fox isn't too concerned about their welfare. "They're resilient creatures," he says. "They'll find a way to survive, even if it means having to avoid my scare tactics."  So if you happen to be wandering through the fields of Suffolk this week and you see a man dressed in rags, waving a plastic falcon in the air, don't be alarmed. It's just Jamie Fox, doing his bit to keep the partridges at bay. And who knows, maybe he'll even inspire a few budding Worzel Gummidges of his own along the way.