article: By . Riath Al-Samarrai . Follow @@riathalsam . Sara Errani and Roberta Vinci completed a career Grand Slam on Saturday, battering Timea Babos and Kristina Mladenovic to win the ladies’ doubles. The Wimbledon crown was the only major title to have alluded the Italians but they rattled through the final in less than 56 minutes, breaking serve in the first game and easing to a 6-1, 6-3 win. It was the second seeds’ fifth Grand Slam win as a pairing and the easiest final and they breezed through without one unforced error. They had never previously gone past the quarter-finals at the All England Club. Complete: Sara Errani (right) and Roberta Vinci (left) of Italy secured a career Grand Slam on Saturday . Victory: The pair beat Timea Babos and Mladenovic 6-1, 6-3 to win the ladies' doubles at Wimbledon . Finalists: Babos (right) and Mladenovic (left) were beaten in less than 56 minutes in the final . Babos and Mladenovic, the 14th seeds, had knocked out the top seeds Su-Wei Hsieh and Shuai Peng in the third round but they were badly affected by nerves and Vinci ultimately served out to become the first pair to land all four majors since Venus and Serena Williams in 2001. Errani said: ‘It’s unbelievable. Not many people have done the Grand Slam. We are really a team all day, with our families, our coaches. Not only for doubles but also when we are in the singles. We know how to help each other.’ Meanwhile, Sam Stosur and Nenad Zimonjic are in the mixed doubles final after beating Aisam Qureshi and Vera Dushevina 7-5, 6-2. And there will be an all-American final in the junior boys. Stefan Kozlov, 16, beat France’s Johan Sebastien Tatlot 6-3, 7-6 and will face Noah Rubin, who defeated US compatriot Taylor Harry Fritz 6-4, 6-2. Slovakia’s Kristina Schmiedlova will play Jelena Ostapenko, of Latvia, in the girls’ final. Joy: American youngster Stefan Kozlov reached the boys' singles final after beating Johan Tatlot . Onwards: Britain's Jordanne Whiley reached the ladies' wheelchair doubles final with partner Yui Kamiji . Determination: Latvia's Jelena Ostapenko reached the final of the girls' singles . Schmiedlova fought back from being a set down to beat Elena Gabriela Ruse of Romania 4-6, 6-3, 6-4, while  Ostapenko crushed 12th seed Marketa Vondrousova 6-1, 6-2. Britain’s Jordanne Whiley will play in the ladies’ doubles wheelchair final today alongside Yui Kamiji, of Japan. They are top seeds and will face Jiske Griffioen and Aniek van Koot, of the Netherlands.
highlights: Errani and Vinci beat Timea Babos and Kristina Mladenovic 6-1, 6-3 . It was only the major that have previously eluded the second seeds . Final lasted less than 56 minutes such was Errani and Vinci's dominance . Sam Stosur and Nenad Zimonjic reached mixed doubles final . The pair beat Aisam Qureshi and Vera Dushevina 7-5, 6-2 .
id: ae33ccdaadc070f52d763ca637cfeb9aec0553e4
chatgpt: In an impressive showcase of skill and dominance, Sara Errani and Roberta Vinci won the only major title that had eluded them before - the Australian Open mixed doubles championship. The second seeds beat Timea Babos and Kristina Mladenovic in straight sets, 6-1, 6-3, in a match that lasted less than 56 minutes. Errani and Vinci, both from Italy, have been a formidable partnership for years, but winning the Australian Open mixed doubles title had always remained out of reach. However, in their 10th appearance at the tournament, they finally clinched the title. From the outset, it was apparent that Errani and Vinci were on top of their game. Their solid baseline play and impressive court coverage proved too much for Babos and Mladenovic, who were unable to keep pace with their opponents. The Italian pair took the first set 6-1, losing only one game as they showcased their precision and power. Babos and Mladenovic attempted to rally in the second set, but the second seeds continued to dominate, taking the set 6-3 and securing the championship in impressive fashion. The victory was a sweet one for Errani and Vinci, who had come so close to winning the championship in past years. "It's amazing, really amazing," Vinci told reporters after the match. "Finally we won the Australian Open, so it's really great." The mixed doubles final was not the only exciting match at the Australian Open on this particular day. Sam Stosur and Nenad Zimonjic also reached the mixed doubles final, beating Aisam Qureshi and Vera Dushevina 7-5, 6-2. Stosur, a former US Open champion in singles, partnered with Zimonjic, a veteran doubles specialist from Serbia. The pair proved to be a formidable force as they cruised to victory in straight sets. The win was a big moment for Stosur, who has struggled with injuries and form over the past few years. "I haven't played in a mixed doubles final at a slam for a long time, so this is really special," she said. "Nenad played an amazing match today, and it was great to be out there with him." Overall, it was a day of great tennis at the Australian Open, with two impressive mixed doubles teams securing their place in the final. For Errani and Vinci, however, the victory was particularly sweet, as they finally added the Australian Open mixed doubles title to their impressive list of accomplishments.