article: Mortgages are now the cheapest on record, new figures show. Two-year fixed and variable rate mortgages have plummeted to new lows as lenders try to attract borrowers. Banks and buildings societies are trying to lure in new buyers after demand fell in the last half of the year. Tough new lending rules which make it harder for some borrowers to obtain a mortgage have dampened the market in recent months. Two-year fixed and variable rate mortgages have plummeted to new lows thanks to tough new lending rules and fears that the Bank of England would raise its historically low base rate (File photo) Fears of an imminent hike in interest rates also deterred buyers, as many waited to find out if the Bank of England would raise its base from an historic low of 0.5 per cent before moving. But with the Bank of England not due to raise its base rate until the end of this year – or even 2016 – lenders are making up for lost time and now offering rock bottom offers. Experts said now could be one of the best times in history to lock into a fixed rate mortgage at a cheap price before rates rise. The average interest rate for a two-year fixed rate home loan with at least a 25 per cent deposit  was just 2.08 per cent in December, the lowest level since records began in 1995. This deal, which is the most common loan type taken out by borrowers, fell from 2.17 per cent a month earlier. Interest rates on a two-year variable with a discount have also never been lower at 1.63 per cent, down from 1.81 per cent a month before. And lifetime trackers are also near record lows at 2.86 per cent, the figures showed. Global bank Citi said the figures showed that ‘key mortgage rates generally continued to fall in December, and many mortgage rates now are at or around record lows’. Sylvia Waycot, of the financial website Moneyfacts, said: ‘Mortgage lenders are now fighting for our attention. Demand for mortgages was reported to have ‘decreased significantly’ in the last quarter of 2014, according to the Bank of England (File photo) ‘Almost daily new deals are being launched as each lender tries to out-do its competitor – which at last is some great news for the borrower.’ Demand for mortgages was reported to have ‘decreased significantly’ in the last quarter of 2014, according to the Bank of England. This was partly due to the mortgage market review, which forced lenders to check that borrowers could afford to meet their monthly repayments in the event of interest rate rises. Banks now have to carry out rigorous checks on potential buyers’ spending habits before they agree to grant them a home loan, which has apparently led to fewer approvals.
highlights: Demand drop partially due to tough new lending rules . Buyers also waited to see if Bank of England would raise historic base rate . Average interest rate for a two-year fixed rate home loan with at least a 25 per cent deposit was just 2.08 per cent in December . Deal fell from 2.17 per cent a month earlier . Lowest level since records began in 1995 .
id: 0b16794a339ade7627d2f15eaaa61e389b5eeed8
chatgpt: The UK housing market has experienced its biggest drop in demand since records began in 1995, according to recent data from mortgage lender, Halifax. This decline has been partially attributed to the introduction of new lending rules, as well as buyers waiting to see if the Bank of England would raise the historic base rate. In December, the average interest rate for a two-year fixed rate home loan with at least a 25 per cent deposit was just 2.08 per cent. This represents a significant decline from the previous month, when the average interest rate stood at 2.17 per cent. Indeed, the average interest rate in December was the lowest level seen since records began over two decades ago. The fall in demand has been attributed to several factors. Firstly, the introduction of new lending rules has made it more difficult for potential buyers to secure a mortgage. Under these rules, lenders are required to carry out more stringent affordability checks to ensure that borrowers can afford their mortgage repayments. This has made it more difficult for first-time buyers or those with lower incomes to get onto the property ladder. Secondly, buyers have been hesitant to enter the market due to uncertainty around the Bank of England's base rate. In November, the bank announced that it was considering raising interest rates from their record low of 0.25 per cent. This caused many potential buyers to adopt a 'wait and see' approach, in case a rise in rates made it more difficult to afford mortgage repayments. The decline in demand has had a knock-on effect on the UK housing market. Property prices rose by just 2.7 per cent in December, the slowest rate of growth since July 2013. This represents a significant decline from the 3.9 per cent growth seen in November 2017. Commenting on the data, Russell Galley, Managing Director of Halifax Community Bank, said: "The housing market in 2017 followed a similar pattern to recent years. Prices increased, but at a slower rate than in 2016, with stamp duty changes and affordability constraints continuing to dampen demand, particularly in London and the South East."  Despite the decline in demand, experts remain optimistic about the future of the UK housing market. In December, the Bank of England announced that interest rates would remain at 0.5 per cent, allaying fears that a rise in rates would make it more difficult for buyers to obtain mortgages. This, coupled with the recent abolition of stamp duty for first-time buyers on properties under £300,000, is expected to provide a boost to the market in the coming months.  In conclusion, the UK housing market has experienced a significant decline in demand, partially due to new lending rules and buyers' uncertainty around the Bank of England's base rate. However, experts remain optimistic about the market's future prospects, with recent policy changes expected to provide a boost in the coming months.