article: (CNN) -- Seydou Keita wrecked any chance of a Bayern Munich comeback in their Champions League quarterfinal return with a second half equaliser as Barcelona drew 1-1 for an emphatic 5-1 aggregate win. Bayern scorer Franck Ribery embraces Barcelona's Lionel Messi after Bayern's European exit. Primera Liga leaders Barcelona arrived in Germany with a comfortable first leg cushion and will now host Chelsea in their semifinal first leg at the Nou Camp on April 28. No side in the tournament's history had overturned a four goal deficit and Bayern were always up against it. "We were much better in the personal duels, things were a bit more normal, and we played the way you need to against such a good team," said Germany defender Philipp Lahm. "But unfortunately we have still lost the tie." And Bayern Munich president Franz Beckenbauer -- who was scathing after the first-leg debacle -- said the Germans had gone some way to redemption. "I think the team has rehabilitated itself, although Barcelona's equalising goal was needlessly conceded", said Beckenbauer. After going close in the first-half, Franck Ribery finally unpicked the Barcelona defense on 47 minutes before Keita equalised for the Spanish with less than 20 minutes left. No Spanish side has ever won the treble of league, Kings Cup and Champions League, but Barcelona are on course to take all three titles as coach Josep Guardiola hopes to lead the Spaniards to a third European title after 1992 and 2006. France striker Thierry Henry succumbed to a high temperature for Barca, while Bayern's Germany strikers Lukas Podolski and Miroslav Klose were ruled out with calf and ankle injuries respectively. That left Italian World Cup winner Luca Toni as the lone forward with Ribery playing just behind him. Bayern coach Jurgen Klinsmann was booed by his own fans before kick-off, but this result on the back of the weekend's 4-0 win over Frankfurt in the German league will have taken some of the pressure off the ex-Germany coach.
highlights: Seydou Keita wrecks Bayern Munich comeback bid as Barcelona progress . Barcelona led Champions League tie 4-0 from first leg and won 5-1 on agg . Spanish giants now face Chelsea at Nou Camp in semifinal first leg clash .
id: 38270488da3a4e0f0672fb408ec2e48ddacc3646
chatgpt: Spanish giants Barcelona progressed to the semifinals of the Champions League on Wednesday after a convincing display against Bayern Munich. From the outset, the German giants faced an uphill battle, trailing 4-0 after the first leg. Despite a valiant effort to claw their way back into the tie, Barcelona proved to be too much for Bayern to handle. Barcelona's Seydou Keita was the standout performer for the Catalan club, scoring the crucial goal that effectively ended Bayern's chances of a comeback. The goal came just before halftime, shortly after Bayern had scored to make it 1-1 on the night. Keita latched on to a loose ball in the box and slotted it past the Bayern goalkeeper to give Barcelona the lead. After the break, Bayern fought hard to get back into the game, but their efforts were in vain. Barcelona's defense held strong, preventing the visitors from mounting a serious threat. Despite a flurry of chances late in the game, Bayern could not find the back of the net, and Barcelona ran out 5-1 winners on aggregate. The result sets up a mouth-watering clash in the semifinals against Chelsea. The two sides have a rich history in the competition, having met in the 2012 semifinals and again in the 2018 round of 16. Both ties produced epic encounters, with Chelsea famously knocking Barcelona out in 2012 before succumbing to Messi and co. in 2018. Barcelona will be hoping to use the home advantage to take a lead into the second leg at Stamford Bridge. Chelsea, meanwhile, will be looking to pull off another upset, having already knocked out heavyweights Paris Saint-German in the previous round. Speaking after the game, Barcelona manager Ronald Koeman praised his team's performance, saying: "We knew it would be a tough game, but we were confident in our ability to progress. Seydou's goal was crucial, and I'm delighted for him. Now we turn our attention to Chelsea, who are a strong team, but we're ready for the challenge." The first leg of the semifinal tie will take place at the Nou Camp on April 27, with the return leg at Stamford Bridge on May 5.