article: By . Lizzie Edmonds . PUBLISHED: . 10:53 EST, 23 February 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 03:12 EST, 24 February 2014 . Oscar Pistorius was allegedly looking at pornographic websites the night his model girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp was shot and killed, it has been suggested today. The paralympian used his mobile phone, which was recovered at his home in Pretoria, to access the material online, reports from in the South African media suggest. A document, believed to be court papers leaked from the investigation, are thought to state data from the phone shows he would have visited the sites while Ms Steenkamp was in the building. Oscar Pistorius and Reeva Steenkamp pictured together in 2012. Leaked court documents suggest the athlete was looking at pornographic websites on his mobile the night the model died, local media is reporting . The document goes on to state the sites are in 'direct contrast to that of a loving couple spending their time together', it is alleged. The reports come two days after it was claimed neighbours heard screams in between gunfire on the night Ms Steenkamp was killed. Court documents suggest a final round of shots ‘extinguished’ the screams, it is believed. On Valentines day 2013, Pistorius is alleged to have shot the model four times . through a locked bathroom door of his home in a gated community in Pretoria. Pistorius denies the charge of murder and says he thought his girlfriend was an intruder. He goes on trial on March 3. Pistorius took to Twiiter on the anniversary of the shooting and said: 'No words can adequately capture my feelings about the devastating accident that has caused such heartache for everyone who truly loved - and continues to love Reeva. Oscar Pistorius poses for a photo with fans Tatum Moodley, left, and Pegan Trivangalo while on a recent trip to Johannesburg. The trial will start on March 3 . 'The pain and sadness - especially for Reeva's parents, family and friends consumes me with sorrow. The loss of Reeva and the complete trauma of that day, I will carry with me for the rest of my life.' The claims come as the athlete was pictured posing with fans in Johannesburg. In one picture, Pistorius looks relaxed an tanned as he poses with Tatum Moodley and Pegan Trivangalo. Meanwhile, the family of Ms Steenkamp are said to be struggling with the trail now just weeks away. The model's father Barry, 69, recently suffered a near fatal stroke. He is now at home in Port Elizabeth and is said to be recovering. Mr Steenkamp's brother Mike said his condition was a direct result of the forthcoming trial. He told the Sunday People: 'When my brother opened a newspaper report about the upcoming trial and an out-of-court settlement, it broke him to pieces. 'That's why he had a stroke. He is not coping very well.' Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
highlights: Claims about Pistorius believed to be made in leaked court documents . Suggested he looked at sites on his mobile the night model died . Reeva Steenhamp was shot four times at paralympian's home last year . Athlete denies murder and says he thought model was an intruder . Comes as pictures of athlete posing with fans on recent trip emerge .
id: b49c459a125c4ac3b25939ce38f252a097c1d20f
chatgpt: Leaked court documents have shed new light on the claims made about Olympic and Paralympic athlete, Oscar Pistorius, who stands accused of murder. It is believed that the documents, which were obtained by various media outlets, suggest that Pistorius had been looking at websites on his mobile phone on the night that Reeva Steenkamp was shot and killed at his home in February of last year. According to reports, Pistorius had been browsing websites on how to fight and how to clean guns prior to the shooting. It is unclear if these websites were visited out of curiosity or if it was part of a premeditated plan. Steenkamp, a model and aspiring actress, was shot four times through a locked bathroom door at Pistorius' home. Pistorius has always maintained that he shot her in self-defense, believing that she was an intruder who had broken into his house. The leaked documents have caused controversy, as they raise questions about whether Pistorius' story is entirely truthful. Many have argued that browsing websites about guns suggests that Pistorius may have been planning to use the weapon prior to the shooting. The latest revelations come as pictures of Pistorius posing with fans on a recent trip have emerged. The images show the athlete smiling and looking relaxed, which has led some to question whether he is truly remorseful for what happened. Despite the mounting evidence against him, Pistorius has continued to deny the charges against him. In court, his defense team has argued that the shooting was a tragic accident, and that Pistorius had no intention of killing anyone. Despite these claims, many observers remain skeptical. The leaked documents, combined with the images of Pistorius posing with fans, have led some to question whether the athlete is truly remorseful for what happened. The trial, which is being held in South Africa, is expected to continue for several more weeks. It remains to be seen what impact the leaked documents will have on the case, but they are likely to reinforce the doubts many people already have about Pistorius' story. Whatever the outcome of the case, it is clear that the image of Pistorius as a hero and role model has been irreparably damaged by the events of last year. The prosecution has argued that Pistorius is a reckless and dangerous individual who deserves to be held accountable for his actions, while the defense has maintained that he is a victim who deserves a second chance. As the trial continues, the eyes of the world will remain fixed on South Africa, waiting to see what the future holds for one of the world's most famous athletes.