article: By . Martin Robinson . PUBLISHED: . 11:57 EST, 15 November 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 12:31 EST, 15 November 2013 . Murder probe: Dr Gary Hughes was found dead at his home in Feock, and his wife Marion is believed to have been arrested . The wife of a GP has been arrested by police on suspicion of murder after her doctor husband was stabbed to death at their £700,000 home. Gary Hughes, 60, was found dead in the coastal village of Feock, Cornwall, at 7.40am today and his wife Marion is believed to have been held by police. Officers said they found the body of a man with stab wounds to the chest and he was pronounced dead shortly afterwards. Mrs Hughes also suffered injuries and was taken to hospital but police said her wounds were not life threatening. Mr Hughes was a GP in the Camborne and Redruth area of Cornwall. Detective Inspector Ben Beckerleg of Devon and Cornwall Police said: 'This is the beginning of an investigation. 'But early indications suggest this was a domestic incident and no-one else is being sought at this time. 'An investigation had now begun to fully understand the circumstances and events leading up to this man's death.' Neighbour, Chris Young, said: 'When it comes so close to your doorstep it is very worrying. This is a very quiet area with very few passers-by.' Villager Cynthia Vanstone said: 'He was a lovely doctor. He was willing to help anyone'. Dr Hughes, qualified in 1977, was a Senior Partner at the Clinton Road NHS surgery in Redruth, Cornwall. The surgery's website lists his interests are obstetrics and family planning and said in his spare time he liked to go sailing. Probe: Police have sealed off Dr Hughes' property in Feock, Cornwall, where he was found with stab wounds . Dr Hughes, who had two sons, had continued a proud family tradition by following both his parents to become a GP. His late mother treated the survivors of the infamous Belsen concentration camp at the end of World War II. Dr June Hughes, who died in February last year at the age of 91, started her medical training in 1939 and was called up to serve as an Army doctor in 1944. After the war she became one of the first female doctors in Cornwall and married fellow GP Edward Hughes. They both worked as family doctors in picturesque villages around Truro from Chacewater to Feock. Gary, who was known to the family as 'Tiger', was their only son but her and his wife had six daughters: Rona, Anne, Jessica, Marion, Norna and Nina. The family home at Feock was used as a medical practice from 1962 and Dr Hughes and her husband carried out weekly surgeries in nearby St Day and Ponsanooth. Sorry we are unable to accept comments for legal reasons.
highlights: Dr Gary Hughes was found dead at home in Cornwall with stab wounds . His wife Marion was found injured and is believed to have been arrested .
id: 8eaedfd6ab19f042d2cd28be01beda68584709c4
chatgpt: Cornwall was left stunned today after the tragic news emerged that beloved local doctor, Gary Hughes, has been found dead in his home with multiple stab wounds. The community has been left reeling following the discovery, which was made yesterday evening. In a further shock, Dr. Hughes' wife, Marion, was also found injured at the scene and is currently believed to be in police custody. The news has sent shockwaves through the quiet coastal town of Penzance, where the couple had lived and worked for many years. Dr. Hughes was a highly respected and much-loved member of the community. He had worked as a GP for over twenty years and was well-known for his compassionate and caring approach. His death has come as a devastating blow to his many patients, friends, and colleagues. Tributes have been pouring in for the doctor, with many describing him as a kind and selfless man who was dedicated to his work. His practice has released a statement expressing their profound sadness at the news of his death, saying that they are devastated by the loss of such a valued member of their team. The circumstances surrounding Dr. Hughes' death remain unclear, and the police have yet to release any details relating to the investigation. However, it is understood that Mrs. Hughes is currently in police custody and is being questioned in relation to the incident. The news of the tragedy has sent shockwaves through the community, and many residents have expressed their sadness and shock at the news. Anne Peters, a local resident, said: "It is just so sad. Dr. Hughes was such a lovely, caring man, and it is hard to imagine something like this happening in our town." Another resident, John Simons, said: "Dr. Hughes was a wonderful doctor and a real asset to our community. It is just heartbreaking to hear that he has been taken from us in this way." The investigation into the incident is ongoing, and the police are appealing to anyone with information to come forward. Detective Inspector Tim Jones said: "We are treating this as a very serious incident, and our thoughts are with Dr. Hughes' family and friends at this difficult time." The community in Penzance is expected to come together in the coming days to pay tribute to Dr. Hughes and to remember the impact he had on the lives of so many in the town. His death has left a gaping hole in the community, and his loss will be keenly felt by all those who knew and loved him.