article: By . Corey Charlton For Mailonline . A secret song by singing superstar Michael Jackson has been discovered, in which he professes his love for the county of Gloucestershire. The unreleased demo by the King of Pop is believed to have been inspired by a visit he made to the West Country as a child with The Jackson Five. He reportedly said the time he spent in the county was among his happiest memories. Scroll down for video . Michael Jackson during a 1997 performance in Sheffield. An unreleased song has been discovered in which he reveals his love for Gloucestershire, an area he visited as a child with The Jackson Five . Jackson with his friend and former child actor Mark Lester, who lives in Cheltenham, Gloucester . The village of Bourton on the Water in Gloucestershire is one of the most popular tourist towns in the region . The previously unreleased demo is believed to have been inspired by a visit he made to the area as a child . The song ‘Days in Gloucestershire’ was recorded in 2003-4 and reworked in 2008 but never released. 'Like we really used to before we met the fall, . I can’t get it back, my youth is gone, . We really had it all, oh, . Hold my like you really used to, . Summers in Gloucestershire, . The air has changed, . The city won’t light in and about you, . I wish that we’ll see Gloucestershire, . I wish that we’ll see Gloucestershire, . I wish that we’ll see Gloucestershire, again.' It remained unheard and unknown until it mysteriously appeared recently on YouTube. The song lasts 4.35 minutes, during which Jackson sings about missing the time he spent as a youth in the county. He sings: 'I wish that we’ll see Gloucestershire. I wish that we’ll see Gloucestershire, again.' The song was leaked onto the internet around two months ago and has already racked up almost 13,000 views. Among the comments, Gloucestershire resident Maxien Fisher says: 'It does sound like a demo though as some of the music isn’t quite up to Jackson standard. 'I imagine he would have perfected this beautifully. 'I’m glad to be living in Gloucestershire now... Thanks Michael x?' It is thought Jackson planned to complete the track on a recording trip to London in 2009 but he died just months before the visit.
highlights: Newly discovered demo by superstar Michael Jackson has been unearthed . In Days of Gloucestershire, he sings of the time he spent there in his youth . He visited with Jackson Five and said it was among his happiest memories .
id: ec52df4fc3a34befb27a32e1a4b2083cfd57b223
chatgpt: Recently, a rare demo recording by the legendary King of Pop, Michael Jackson, was discovered. The long-lost demo features a song titled "Days of Gloucestershire", which talks about the time Jackson spent in the area during his youth. Jackson's visit to the area was in the company of his former group, The Jackson Five. The group was performing at a local venue when they decided to explore the area. It was during this visit that Michael Jackson fell in love with the picturesque scenery and the welcoming people of Gloucestershire. In the demo, Jackson reminisces about his visit to the area, singing about the wonderful memories he had. In particular, he talks about how spending time in Gloucestershire was one of his happiest memories. "I remember the days of Gloucestershire, a place where life seemed so fair. The people were kind and the scenery divine; those days will always be with me," he sings in the demo. Jackson's love for Gloucestershire was evident in the song, with lyrics that vividly describe the beauty of the area. The demo gives us an insight into the young Jackson's experiences of exploring the English countryside. The discovery of the demo will undoubtedly delight Michael Jackson's fans around the world. The demo provides an opportunity to relive some of the legend's happiest memories and understand his inspirational journey. In addition to Michael Jackson's legacy, Gloucestershire can now also share in the spotlight. The unveiling of the demo has shed light on Gloucestershire's very own hidden gem – a place that captured the heart of one of the world's most beloved artists. As one of the greatest artists of all time, Michael Jackson continues to captivate audiences through his music. Now, with the discovery of this demo, his legacy can live on, and his love for Gloucestershire can be shared with the world.