article: (CNN) -- Attorneys for New York City asked a federal appeals court Saturday to void the order issued in August that required the New York Police Department to change its stop-and-frisk policy. The city's request was made to the 2nd Circuit Court of Appeals in Manhattan. It asked the appeals court to vacate U.S District Judge Shira A. Scheindlin's rulings because they "continue unfairly and improperly to cloud the public's perception" of the New York Police Department. A three-judge panel of the appeals court removed Scheindlin from the case in October because she appeared to be biased, jeopardizing "the appearance of partiality ... by a series of media interviews and public statements purporting to respond publicly to criticism of the District Court." The appeals court cited three interviews with the New York Law Journal, The Associated Press and The New Yorker in which Scheindlin spoke about her personal beliefs on the issue and defended her decision. In August, Scheindlin ordered that the stop-and-frisk policy be altered, finding that it is unconstitutional in part because it unlawfully targets blacks and Latinos. City officials had bristled at the contention that police racially profile suspects and appealed the ruling. Scheindlin ruled that the policy violated the plaintiffs' Fourth Amendment right against unreasonable searches, finding that police made at least 200,000 stops from 2004 to June 2012 without reasonable suspicion. She also found evidence of racial profiling, which violated the plaintiffs' 14th Amendment rights guaranteeing equal protection. The lower court ruling to change stop-and-frisk is on hold while the city's appeal proceeds. Scheindlin is challenging her removal from the litigation. Mayor-elect Bill de Blasio opposes stop-and-frisk and has said publicly that he would drop the city's appeal of Scheindlin's ruling. The stop-and-frisk policy -- in which police stop, question and frisk people they deem suspicious, even if they've committed no crime -- has been one of the most controversial policing techniques in recent times. Civil rights and civil liberties groups challenge the practice as racist and illegal. Outgoing Mayor Michael Bloomberg, law enforcement and other proponents say the policy reduces crime. CNN's Chris Boyette, Michael Martinez and Elizabeth Landers contributed to this report.
highlights: New York City asks appeals court to drop ruling requiring changes to stop-and-frisk . U.S District Judge Shira A. Scheindlin issued ruling, said policy unfairly targeted minorities . She was removed from the case in October because of bias, appeals panel said . Mayor-elect Bill de Blasio has said he would drop the city's appeal of Scheindlin's ruling .
id: 6cf9f4fd1f731f90fbabcc7a1e6f43b87cf05785
chatgpt: The New York City administration has asked an appeals court to withdraw a ruling that requires changes to the stop-and-frisk policy. The policy has been subject to controversy for several years, with many arguing that it unfairly targets minorities. The U.S. District Judge Shira A. Scheindlin had issued a ruling on the matter, but she was removed from the case in October due to allegations of bias by an appeals panel. The request for the withdrawal of the ruling has been made by the New York City administration represented by the police department. They claim that the ruling requires changes to the stop-and-frisk policy that would hamper the effectiveness of the police force. They argue that these changes would make it harder for them to keep guns off the streets and to reduce crime rates. Judge Scheindlin had issued the ruling in 2013, stating that the stop-and-frisk policy of the NYPD was unconstitutional because it disproportionately targeted minorities. The ruling had led to significant changes in the policy, including the appointment of an independent monitor to oversee its implementation. However, the ruling was later overturned by an appeals court, which stated that Judge Scheindlin had exhibited an appearance of bias during the case. Mayor-elect Bill de Blasio had promised to end the city's appeal of the ruling during his campaign, and he has reiterated this promise after winning the election. He believes that the stop-and-frisk policy has eroded the trust between the police and communities of color, and that it needs to be reformed. The issue of the stop-and-frisk policy has been a contentious one for several years, with heated debates on both sides. Supporters of the policy argue that it is an essential tool for reducing crime rates and keeping communities safe. Critics believe that it leads to racial profiling and violates the constitutional rights of citizens. The outcome of the appeal is yet to be seen, but it will undoubtedly have a significant impact on the future of the stop-and-frisk policy in New York City. As the debate continues, it remains to be seen whether the policy can be reformed in a way that balances the need for public safety with the protection of individual rights.