article: (CNN) -- Torontonians love Rob Ford. His brother? Not so much. Ford, the crack-smoking, wise-cracking, scandal-soaked mayor, coasted to an easy win on the Toronto city council Monday night. His brother, Doug Ford, who ran for Ford's old job as mayor -- lost. Rob Ford decided not to run for re-election as mayor after he was diagnosed with a malignant liposarcoma, a rare and aggressive cancer. The cancer, doctors said, spread from the fatty tissue of Ford's abdomen to other parts of his body. He tapped his campaign manager and brother, Doug, to run for mayor in his place. On Monday night, Rob Ford won the Ward 2 city council seat, with 58.9% of the votes. His brother lost the mayoral race to John Tory. Fall from grace . Rob Ford's fall from grace, if you can call it that, began in May 2013 with the release of a cell phone video that appeared to show him smoking crack cocaine. The Toronto city council largely stripped him of his mayoral powers months later over those and other allegations of bad behavior. Ford didn't back down, though, instead vowing "outright war" on the city council. The mayor apologized for "a lot of stupid things," including having used crack cocaine, but he refused to resign or enter rehab. In fact, despite all the criticism and his becoming a punchline for jokes in Canada as well as the United States, Ford launched a bid for re-election. This past spring, after a local newspaper reported on a new video that allegedly showed him smoking crack cocaine, Ford relented on one front: by going into rehab. He returned to work in late June after a two-month rehab stint, saying he was "ashamed, embarrassed and humiliated" by some of his past actions. But he refused to resign or refrain from campaigning, saying to the voters of Toronto, "I look forward to serving you for many, many more years." Ford's term officially ends December 1. Rob Ford has aggressive cancer . CNN's Greg Botelho and Steve Almasy contributed to this report.
highlights: Rob Ford's brother loses the mayoral race . Ford is battling liposarcoma, a rare and aggressive cancer . He apologized for "a lot of stupid things"
id: 6c66fd6081cae5317be33200085598986c76804b
chatgpt: In a surprising turn of events, Doug Ford, brother of the late Rob Ford, has lost the mayoral race in Toronto. This news comes as a shock to many, as Doug was seen as a strong contender for the position. However, the defeat may not come as a huge surprise to some, given the difficult circumstances surrounding the campaign. Doug's brother, former Toronto Mayor Rob Ford, passed away in 2016 after a lengthy battle with cancer. Throughout his time in office, Rob was plagued by scandal, making headlines around the world for various controversies and missteps. Adding to the challenges facing the Ford campaign, Doug himself is currently battling liposarcoma, a rare and aggressive form of cancer. Despite his illness, Doug remained committed to the race, determined to continue the work he and his brother had started. In a concession speech given on election night, Doug offered his congratulations to the winner, John Tory. He also took the opportunity to address some of the controversies that had dogged him throughout the campaign, offering an apology for "a lot of stupid things" he had said in the past. The loss of Doug in the mayoral race marks the end of an era for the Ford family. For years, Rob and then Doug were fixtures in Canadian politics, their populist appeal drawing in supporters and critics alike. It remains to be seen what the future will hold for the Ford dynasty, but for now, their time in the spotlight seems to have come to an end. As for Doug's battle with cancer, it is clear that he has a long road ahead. However, the outpouring of support he has received from both friends and strangers alike has been nothing short of remarkable. From well-wishes to prayers and everything in between, the people of Toronto have rallied around their former mayoral candidate, offering him their love and support during this difficult time. Despite his political defeat, it is clear that Doug Ford remains a force to be reckoned with. His unwavering dedication to his brother's legacy and his commitment to public service have earned him the respect and admiration of many throughout Canada and beyond. As he continues his fight against cancer, he can draw strength from the knowledge that he has touched the lives of countless individuals, inspiring them with his bravery, determination, and resilience.