article: By . Paul Revoir . Last updated at 3:55 AM on 26th November 2011 . It has horrified children and parents alike – and will certainly not please Santa if he is watching with his reindeer. A television advert for the Littlewoods mail order company has been seen as hinting that Father Christmas does not exist. It features children in a Christmas play who sing about who has bought their presents, with a chorus which says their mothers have done all the shopping. Scroll down for video . Under fire: A Littlewoods TV ad featuring a nativity play in which children sing a song about how it is 'muvver', and not Father Christmas, who puts the presents under the tree has angered parents . The Advertising Standards Authority . has ruled that the ad can continue to be shown despite having received . 456 complaints that it destroys children’s belief that Santa Claus puts . the presents under the tree. Many of the complaints called for the 40-second advert to be rescheduled to a time slot after youngsters have gone to bed. And a Facebook petition has been . launched demanding it is taken off the air altogether. One parent said: . ‘Thanks, Littlewoods for letting the magic of Santa be trashed.’ Fury: Hundreds of viewers have complained to the Advertising Standards Authority about the advert, saying it has caused their children distress by revealing that Father Christmas does not exist . Another said: ‘It has upset a lot of . parents new and experienced. Children have been coming to their parents . asking them why Santa doesn’t come on Christmas Eve to deliver the . presents.’ The advert has also been criticised . for encouraging parents to spend too much on Christmas gifts. It shows . ‘muvver’ using her credit card to pay for luxury goods that she . otherwise might not be able to afford. A further Facebook posting said: ‘This . ad should be banned. Shame on you Littlewoods, especially as we are . going through tough times. Putting such pressure on parents who struggle . as it is to keep jobs and make ends meet.’ Hundreds more people have signed a Facebook page petitioning for the ad to be scrapped . The ASA said its council had decided . ‘after careful consideration that, as the ad did not make reference to . Father Christmas or suggest Father Christmas did not exist, it was . unlikely to cause distress to children and therefore we won’t be . launching an investigation’. A spokesman for Littlewoods said: ‘We . would never want to suggest that Santa doesn’t exist. We carried out a . lot of research and found families have different Christmas traditions. ‘‘Some told us that Santa puts the presents in the stocking while family and friends place gifts under the tree. ‘Others said that Santa brings most of . the presents but mum and dad do buy some presents for the children as . well as the gifts for the rest of the family. We like to think of . Christmas as a team effort.’
highlights: Littlewoods explains that mum uses her credit card to pay for presents . Hundreds have complained . to the Advertising Standards Authority . Ad watchdog clears commercial and says it has no powers to axe it . Facebook campaign launched to have plug pulled on 40-second clip .
id: c6fb280ec1b2ea3217038f669ba993eeb0c03212
chatgpt: Retail giant Littlewoods has found itself at the center of controversy after a recent commercial was heavily criticized by viewers. The 40-second clip, which features a mother narrating her experience of purchasing presents for her family using her Littlewoods credit card, has drawn hundreds of complaints to the Advertising Standards Authority (ASA).  Many viewers have voiced their concern over the commercial, with some suggesting that it promotes irresponsible spending and encourages people to use credit cards without fully understanding the financial implications. As a result, a Facebook campaign has been launched calling for the plug to be pulled on the advertisement. In response to the criticism, Littlewoods has defended the commercial, arguing that it simply highlights the convenience of using credit cards to purchase goods and services. They also emphasize that the mother in the advertisement is a responsible user of credit, who always makes sure she can afford to pay off her balance each month. Despite the controversy, the Advertising Standards Authority has cleared the commercial, stating that it does not breach any advertising standards. In a statement, the ASA said, “We have received a significant number of complaints about this advertisement, but after careful consideration, we have come to the conclusion that it does not breach any of our codes or guidelines. While some viewers may find the content of the commercial objectionable, it does not contain any explicit or inappropriate language or imagery.” However, many critics have pointed out that the ASA’s ruling only applies to the content of the commercial itself, and does not take into account the wider societal impact of the advertisement. Some argue that the promotion of credit card use is particularly problematic given the current economic climate, which has seen many people struggling with debt and financial hardship. The launch of the Facebook campaign is further evidence of the public’s concern over the advertisement. The campaign, which has gained significant traction online, calls for Littlewoods to withdraw the commercial and rethink its marketing strategy. Supporters of the campaign argue that the use of credit cards should be discouraged in favor of more responsible and sustainable ways of buying goods and services. Despite the backlash, Littlewoods has remained steadfast in its defense of the commercial. In a statement, the company said, “We are confident that this advertisement is both legal and responsible. It highlights the convenience of using credit cards for those who are able to manage their finances effectively, and promotes Littlewoods as a trusted provider of credit services.” The controversy surrounding the Littlewoods commercial highlights the complex issues surrounding advertising in today’s society. While some argue that companies have a responsibility to promote responsible spending and discourage harmful financial behaviors, others maintain that advertising simply reflects the values and attitudes of society as a whole. It remains to be seen whether the Facebook campaign will have any impact on Littlewoods’ marketing strategy. However, one thing is clear: the debate around the advertisement has shed light on the wider conversations around credit card use and financial responsibility. Whether we agree with their message or not, commercials like the Littlewoods advertisement remind us of the power of advertising to shape our attitudes and behaviors, and the need for careful consideration when it comes to the messages we consume and promote.