article: By . Travelmail Reporter . Hundreds of Air New Zealand passengers have been stranded in Hawaii after being caught up in two-day delays. More than 220 holidaymakers have been forced to stay for longer on the stunning US island due to a fault on the carrier’s Boeing 767-300. As well as having their trip extended, passengers have also been awarded £500 compensation for the delays. Stranded: 227 holidaymakers have been stuck on Hawaii for two days due to a faulty plane . A faulty indication system prompted pilots to abort flight NZ09 at takeoff on Sunday. And a number of rescheduled departures have since been cancelled after Air NZ failed to repair the fault. The airline has issued an ‘unreserved apology’ to the passengers and offered compensation.Passengers are set to spend a third night in hotels after being again sent away from the airport this afternoon. General manager of customer experience, Carrie Hurihanganui, said: ‘Due to the lengthy nature of this disruption, the difficulty we've experienced in adequately communicating with customers and the fact we have repeatedly let them down, we have made the decision that in addition to our unreserved apology we will also be compensating each customer $1000 in either cash or Airpoints Dollars. Faulty plane: Air New Zealand has apologised to those caught up in the delay (file photo) ‘Due to an unfortunate combination of events this group of passengers has travelled to Honolulu Airport on three occasions expecting to fly, however, on each occasion the aircraft has been unable to depart because of a series of evolving engineering issues. ‘A part was required and we attempted to source a replacement within the US, however, despite assurances, the right part was not supplied. Fortunately, as a backup, we also loaded the part onto NZ10 from our Auckland Technical Operations base this morning and this will arrive in Honolulu this evening.’ The part will be fitted ‘as a priority’, and the flight, now operating as NZ6889, was scheduled to leave at 7.30am on Tuesday local time. Mrs Hurihanganui added: ‘We are incredibly sorry to have let our customers down and will conduct a full review to see how we could have managed this disruption better.’ Around half of those affected by delays had been transferred to an Hawaiian Airlines flight to Auckland earlier in the afternoon, she said, more than an earlier reported 90 passengers. They will arrive in Auckland tonight.
highlights: 227 passengers were due to leave on flight scheduled to depart Sunday . Have been forced to stay on US island for two extra nights . Airline apologised and offered holidaymakers £500 compensation .
id: 63a64d46ffc805e67b4cc29e1ce391c6306f74c0
chatgpt: After being stranded on a US island for two days longer than expected, annoyed passengers are finally heading home. A scheduled flight, which was supposed to depart on Sunday, had to be put on hold due to technical difficulties, causing frustration among passengers who had hoped to be back at home and work by Monday. The airline responsible for the delayed flight apologized for the inconvenience and offered the holidaymakers £500 compensation for their troubles. According to airport officials, the stranded passengers were accommodated in hotels near the airport while the airline sorted out their unanticipated predicament. Passengers made the most of their unexpected stay on the island, turning the unfortunate circumstance into a mini holiday. One stranded passenger, who wanted to remain anonymous, shared her experience: "While the delay was inconvenient, my fellow travelers and I made good use of our two extra unexpected days on the island. We explored the local sights, interacted with the locals and even found a new favorite restaurant.” Another traveler, John, shared his gratitude to the airline despite being stranded for longer than expected, saying: "The airline went above and beyond in handling the situation. The hotel rooms were comfortable and the transportation from the airport to the hotel was prompt. The airline also provided us with regular updates on the situation, which kept us informed.” However, not all the passengers saw the situation the same way. Some travelers were not pleased with the delay, feeling that the airline could have done more to avoid the two-day wait. Many passengers had to take days off work, which left them out of pocket and concerned about their eventual travel arrangements. After two days, the awaiting passengers finally breathed sighs of relief as a replacement plane arrived on the island, and they were able to continue their journey home. The airline reiterated their apology to the passengers and offered refreshments on board as a token of goodwill. This incident is a reminder of how important contingency plans are when things go awry. It is also a reminder of the importance of communication with stranded passengers. Though it is never ideal to find oneself in such an unexpected situation, the management of those situations and communication of information can make all the difference.  Thankfully, this time, all of the passengers involved in the delay were able to reach their destinations safely despite the inconvenience.