article: Tripoli, Libya (CNN) -- The case of Lockerbie bomber Abdelbesset al Megrahi is "closed," Libya's transitional justice minister told reporters. "The entire world knows that Abdelbesset al Megrahi was tried in the Lockerbie case and he was convicted and then his case was appealed and he was convicted again," Mohammed al-Alagi told reporters Monday. "Then the Scottish authorities and the British government decided later to release him for humanitarian reasons. "As Libyan justice minister, I believe this case is closed and a man can't be tried twice for the same alleged crime," al-Alagi said. Al Megrahi was convicted in 2001 of the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103. All 259 people aboard and 11 people on the ground were killed when the Boeing 747, bound for New York from London, crashed in the town of Lockerbie, Scotland. Scotland's justice minister granted al Megrahi an early release in August 2009 after his attorneys and Scottish authorities said he was dying of cancer and only had three months to live. He received a hero's welcome in Tripoli, enraging many in the United States and Britain. And with the recent overthrow of longtime Libyan strongman Moammar Gadhafi, politicians on both sides of the Atlantic have called for al Megrahi to be sent back to prison. "They have assured us that they understand the sensitivities surrounding this case and they will give the matter the consideration it richly deserves," U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton told reporters after a meeting with Libya's transitional leaders in early September. Jamal Ben Noor, a senior official with Libya's Justice and Human Rights Ministry, said Tuesday the government has not received any official request from Scottish authorities regarding the case. But he said Libya will cooperate if such a request is received from the Scottish or British government to reveal documents or provide access to individuals. Late last month, CNN's Nic Robertson found al Megrahi under the care of his family in his palatial Tripoli villa. He was bedridden, comatose, and surviving on oxygen and an intravenous drip.
highlights: Al Megrahi was convicted in 2001 of the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 . All 259 people aboard and 11 people on the ground were killed . Scotland's justice minister granted al Megrahi an early release in August 2009 . Politicians have called for al Megrahi to be sent back to prison .
id: 8c467bc4707ac80b1fed5f0c5bc88b457d4f0a92
chatgpt: Al Megrahi, the Libyan man convicted of the 1988 bombing of Pan Am Flight 103, has been at the center of controversy since his early release from prison in 2009. The attack, which killed all 259 people on board and 11 people on the ground, remains one of the deadliest acts of terrorism in British history. At the time of his release, Al Megrahi was suffering from terminal cancer and was expected to live only for a few months. However, he survived for nearly three years, leading to speculation that he was released as part of a deal between the British government and the Libyan authorities. Many politicians have called for Al Megrahi to be sent back to prison, arguing that his release was unjustified. They point to evidence that suggests Al Megrahi did not act alone in the bombing and that he may have been part of a wider conspiracy involving the Libyan government. Despite the controversy surrounding his release, Al Megrahi has always maintained his innocence. He claims that he was a victim of political manipulation and was targeted by the authorities because of his nationality. However, many of the families of the victims remain unconvinced by Al Megrahi's protestations of innocence. They believe that he was involved in the bombing and that his release was a betrayal of justice. In recent years, the issue of Al Megrahi's release has once again come to the fore. With the ongoing conflict in Libya and the renewed interest in the country's role in the attack, many are once again calling for the truth to be uncovered. The Scottish government has promised to investigate the circumstances of Al Megrahi's release and to try to find out whether he acted alone or was part of a wider conspiracy. However, with much of the evidence now lost or destroyed, the chances of finding the truth remain slim. For now, Al Megrahi remains a controversial figure, caught between conflicting interpretations of his role in one of the most devastating terrorist attacks of the 20th century.