article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . Gonorrhoea is spread during unprotected sex . Cases of 'untreatable gonorrhoea' have soared 25 per cent in a year, as experts warn the disease is becoming more resistant to treatment. More than 20,000 new cases of the sexually-transmitted infection were diagnosed in 2011. The spike has led to the launch of a new campaign to tackle the growing threat in England and Wales in a bid to reverse the trend. Health experts are hoping the first . Gonorrhoea Resistance Action Plan will increase awareness of the . disease, which is the second most common bacterial STI in England. The plan, established by the Health Protection Agency, will monitor the global problem of increasing resistance over the last 10 years. It comes after the 2011 data revealed up to a third of reported cases were repeat gonorrhoea infections. Over a third of cases were in men who have sex with men, up from around a quarter in 2010. Professor . Cathy Ison, lead author of the Grasp campaign, said: 'Ensuring . treatment resistant gonorrhoea strains do not persist and spread remains . a major public health concern. 'The Grasp action plan raises awareness of this important issue and sets out practical, measurable actions to extend the useful life of the current recommended therapies in England and Wales.' Neisseria gonorrhoeae, the bacterium responsible for the sexually transmitted infection gonorrhoea . Gonorrhoea is treated with a single dose of antibiotics which are at least 95 per cent effective, according to the NHS. However, if left untreated it can lead to pelvic inflammatory disease or infertility. In England and Wales, the risk of gonorrhoea resistance developing in current first-line therapies (ceftriaxone and azithromycin) fell slightly for the first time in five years in 2011. However, cases of treatment failure have now been reported globally and, with no new antimicrobial agents in the pipeline, Professor Sally Davies, England's Chief Medical Officer, recently advised government to add the threat of infection resistance to frontline antibiotics to the civil emergencies risk register. Prof Davies said: 'We have seen a worrying rise in cases of drug resistant gonorrhoea over the last decade. 'Antimicrobial resistance to common drugs will increasingly threaten our ability to tackle infections and the Health Protection Agency's work is vital to addressing this threat.'
highlights: 21,000 cases of gonorrhoea were diagnosed in 2011 . Health Protection Agency has warned the STI is becoming more resistant to treatment .
id: 435316adc7383ffa7d20b34449e1182b2ce79632
chatgpt: Gonorrhoea, one of the most common sexually transmitted infections (STIs), is becoming more resistant to treatment, according to a warning by the Health Protection Agency (HPA) in the UK. The agency has called for increased efforts to combat the spread of the disease and to develop new treatments. According to HPA figures, more than 21,000 cases of gonorrhoea were diagnosed in the UK in 2011, an increase of 25% from the previous year. This rise in cases is particularly worrying given that gonorrhoea has become more resistant to antibiotics, which are the primary treatments for the disease. The North West of England had the highest number of cases, with nearly 6,000 in total. This trend of increasing resistance to antibiotics is a cause for concern as it limits treatment options and increases the risk of complications such as infertility or pelvic inflammatory disease. "These new figures show gonorrhoea is rapidly evolving into a superbug, which could make it untreatable," warned Professor Cathy Ison, a gonorrhoea expert and head of the National Reference Laboratory for Gonorrhoea at Public Health England. The HPA has recommended that all sexually active individuals should use condoms as a preventative measure, and that people who have been diagnosed with gonorrhoea should inform their sexual partners so that they can be tested and treated if necessary. The increase in gonorrhoea cases is also attributed to changing sexual behavior, such as an increase in casual sex, as well as a lack of testing and awareness. The HPA has expressed the need for greater education and awareness campaigns to help reduce the spread of the disease and to encourage testing. Experts are working on new treatments for the disease, including vaccines and other alternative therapies. However, these new treatments will take time to develop and implement, and in the meantime, it is important for individuals to take steps to protect themselves and to seek treatment immediately if they suspect they have been infected. The HPA is advising individuals to get tested regularly for STIs, even if they do not have any symptoms, and to practice safe sex by using condoms. The agency is also working with health care providers to develop new treatment protocols and to create awareness campaigns that target the most at-risk populations. With gonorrhoea becoming more resistant to antibiotics, it is essential that individuals take preventative measures and seek treatment as soon as possible. The HPA's warning serves as a reminder of the importance of maintaining good sexual health and engaging in safe sexual practices.