article: West Ham manager Sam Allardyce has asked Andy Carroll to curb his 'fearless' approach as the England striker hopes to return from long-term injury on Saturday. The 25-year-old could be on the bench for the home tie with Aston Villa and see what would be his first competitive action since injuring ankle ligaments on a pre-season tour of New Zealand. Allardyce said: 'Maybe Andy could think about modifying his game a touch. He is so brave and I fear some of the injuries come from that. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Sportsmail's Premier League Preview: West Ham vs Aston Villa . Andy Carroll could be on the bench for West Ham's home clash with Aston Villa on Saturday . 'Sometimes he goes into areas with no fear and that can be a bit dangerous in terms of injuries. 'He is a whole-hearted, committed player. I cannot tell him to pull out of challenges. But with experience, you know what you can win and what you definitely can't. 'And that might steer him clear of an injury or two.' Sam Allardyce admits Carroll may have to do adapt his 'fearless' approach to the game . Carroll has recently become engaged to former The Only Way Is Essex star Billi Mucklow . Blonde bombshell Mucklow shows off her ring after getting engaged to Carroll recently . Finally deciding to settle down off the pitch can only help Carroll's mindset when he is fully fit and returns to the West Ham attack, according to Allardyce. The Irons boss believes Carroll is now ready to put his well-documented off-field problems firmly behind him, having recently become engaged to former The Only Way Is Essex star Billi Mucklow. 'Andy has now got a different life. He is not a single man in London and has now got his fiancee,' said Allardyce, who encouraged Carroll's gym sessions with his then girlfriend during rehabiliation from an injury sustained on a pre-season tour of New Zealand. 'The romance has blossomed to the point where he feels that she feels that they want a long-term relationship, and I always think that can be very good for a footballer when they settle down more off the field. 'London can be a very lonely city if you are sat in your apartment on your own every single night - maybe you stay out that little bit too late. 'But when you have a relationship, you start building on that relationship by the fondness you have for each other and I think that can only be good for Andy and his football.'
highlights: Carroll has not played a competitive game since last season due to injury . Hammer could make his comeback against Aston Villa at the weekend . Allardyce admits striker may have to adapt his combative style . Irons boss says settling down with girlfriend Billie Mucklow can help Carroll's mindset when he returns to fitness .
id: 1ba4e34126c4c056752bf47fb5854b4829aacf82
chatgpt: West Ham United striker, Andy Carroll, who has not played a competitive game since the last season due to injury, could make a comeback against Aston Villa at the weekend, bringing hope to the Hammers fans. Carroll has been nursing a hip injury, which has kept him out of the squad for more than two months. However, he has recently returned to training with the side, and manager Sam Allardyce expects him to be available for selection in the upcoming game. Allardyce admits that the striker may have to adapt his combative style of play while making his return to the squad. "It's difficult for him to maintain his physicality if he can't do things that he's used to," Allardyce said. "We’ve got to be very careful about how we integrate him back, but he’s looking good in training." The Irons boss believes that the return of the striker will be a big boost for the team, but he also emphasized the need for Carroll to adjust his playing style to suit his physical limitations. "He’s got to be a bit smarter, particularly around the box," Allardyce added. "He’s got to use his assets, his ability to hold the ball up, his strength in the air, and his ability to shield and lay the ball off." Allardyce also spoke about the striker's personal life, saying that settling down with his girlfriend, Billie Mucklow, could help Carroll's mindset when he returns to full fitness. "It's important that when you’re injured, you can stay in a positive frame of mind," Allardyce explained. "Being settled off the pitch can help that." The return of Carroll would be a huge boost for the Hammers, who have struggled in front of goal this season. The team has scored only 11 goals in 14 games, and the 30-year-old striker's return could prove instrumental in reversing their fortunes. Although Carroll's playing time may be limited initially, Irons fans will be excited about the possibility of seeing their imposing and lethal striker back in action. The Hammers will hope to climb the Premier League table with their talismanic forward leading the line once again.