article: Former Liverpool manager Rafa Benitez believes his old club will be losing their 'red heartbeat' when Steven Gerrard leaves at the end of the season. The Napoli coach added his own tribute to Gerrard, saying the 'Miracle of Istanbul' - the 2005 Champions League final victory against AC Milan from 3-0 down - would not have been possible without the inspirational captain. Benitez posted a poignant message to Gerrard on his personal website after the announcement that the 34-year-old would be leaving his hometown club Liverpool at the end of the season. Rafa Benitez (right, pictured in 2005) says Liverpool will miss their 'heartbeat' when Steven Gerrard leaves . The pair celebrate winning the 2006 FA Cup against West Ham at the Millennium Stadium in Cardiff . 'If I could think of one word to describe Steven Gerrard it would be passion,' said Benitez. 'He was my captain at Liverpool Football Club for six seasons and we worked closely together to develop a side that could win the Premier League and the Champions League. 'Without Steven we could not have achieved the incredible success that we enjoyed throughout those years. 'The "Miracle of Istanbul" was only possible because of him. Steven inspired the team that night, refusing to believe it was an impossible job at half time against AC Milan. He led the charge with a wonderful headed goal and showed the determination needed to win a penalty for our third goal. 'And when called upon to sacrifice his position on the pitch for the team he didn’t hesitate. It was the perfect stage for him to showcase his talents, and Steven and the other Liverpool players were rewarded with the European Cup. Benitez left a poignant message to Gerrard on his personal website in the aftermath of the news . Gerrard was photographed leaving Melwood in his car on Friday afternoon following the announcement . 'He nearly always thrived on the big occasion, producing one of the great FA Cup goals as we beat West Ham at the Millennium Stadium in Cardiff. And the partnership he developed with Fernando Torres produced some of the most exciting attacking football the Premier League has ever seen.' Benitez was manager of Liverpool between 2004 and 2010, reaching two Champions League finals, winning the FA Cup and finishing runners-up in the Premier League. 'After hearing the news today that Steven will leave Liverpool at the end of the season I wanted to wish him all the best for the future and thank him for his all his hard work during the time I was at Anfield,' he said. 'Liverpool FC is not just losing a great athlete, or a great footballer. The club is losing its red heartbeat. Steve, remember, you’ll never walk alone.' Benitez became an instant legend by winning the Champions League on penalties in an amazing comeback against Milan but clearly believes he partly has Gerrard to thank for that.
highlights: Steven Gerrard will say his goodbyes to Liverpool at the end of the season . The 34-year-old looks set to end his career playing in the MLS . And Benitez, now at Napoli, paid tribute to Gerrard on his personal website .
id: 2df4b35a3798f388dd6a84d131e517b14e552f85
chatgpt: After 17 years of service to Liverpool Football Club, Steven Gerrard has announced that he will be departing the club at the end of the season. The Liverpool legend has decided that it’s time for him to move on and continue his playing career elsewhere. Gerrard is only 34 years old, but he has achieved everything that he wanted to achieve at Liverpool. During his time at the club, he helped Liverpool win numerous titles including the Champions League, the UEFA Cup, and the FA Cup. Gerrard has also earned 114 caps for the England national team. It is believed that Gerrard will be moving to the United States to join Major League Soccer (MLS) after he leaves Liverpool. The American league has been attracting more and more high-profile players in recent years, and Gerrard would be another big name to join the likes of Thierry Henry, David Villa, and Frank Lampard. Gerrard’s departure from Liverpool has been met with a mixture of sadness and acceptance. Many Liverpool fans have expressed their gratitude and appreciation for everything that Gerrard has done for the club over the years, while others have accepted that it’s time for the club to move on without him. One person who has paid tribute to Gerrard is former Liverpool manager Rafa Benitez. Benitez is now the manager of Napoli, but he took the time to write a message on his personal website in which he praised Gerrard for his contribution to Liverpool. Benitez wrote: “Steven is a player who can change games with his vision, his passing and his ability to score goals. He has been one of the key figures in Liverpool's success over the last decade or so, and he will be missed by everyone at the club.” Benitez also spoke about Gerrard’s future, saying: “I’m sure that Steven will be a success wherever he goes next. He has the ability and the mentality to adapt to new challenges, and I’m sure that he will continue to play at the highest level for a few more years yet.” Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers also spoke about Gerrard's decision, saying: “Steven has been an incredible player and an incredible ambassador for this football club. His achievements on the pitch speak for themselves, but off the pitch he has been an inspiration to everyone involved with Liverpool, both as a player and as a person.” Rodgers also talked about the search for a new captain for Liverpool, saying: “Steven has been an exceptional captain for this club, and it will be difficult to find someone to fill his boots. But we will take our time and make sure that we get the right person for the job.” Gerrard’s final game for Liverpool will be at the end of the season, and it's expected to be an emotional occasion for everyone involved. He will be remembered as one of Liverpool's greatest players, and his legacy will live on at the club for many years to come. In conclusion, Steven Gerrard's decision to leave Liverpool at the end of the season marks the end of an era for the club. However, Liverpool fans will always remember the contribution that Gerrard made during his time at the club, and they will wish him all the best for the future.