article: By . Kerry Mcqueeney . PUBLISHED: . 11:24 EST, 27 July 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 11:39 EST, 27 July 2012 . Russia is hoping to establish its first naval base abroad since the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991. And with winters as harsh as those in Siberia, you can't really blame them for looking to warmer climes when considering the location. The tropical countries of Cuba, Vietnam and the Seychelles are all being considered as possible locations, Russia's naval chief has confirmed. Sailors in the Russian Navy can look forward to sunnier climes with one of their potential exotic base locations . Exotic: The Seychelles is just one of the tropical climates being considered for the new base . Russia has been sending warships further afield in a bid to increase the reach of its navy in recent years. The move is part of an effort to restore pride project power in a world dominated by the U.S. military. Vice Admiral Viktor Chirkov said in an interview: 'It's true that we are continuing work on providing the navy with basing outside the Russian Federation.' The Soviet Union had a large naval base . in Communist ally Vietnam but post-Soviet Russia opted to vacate the Cam . Ranh base in 2002 - during President Vladimir Putin's first Kremlin . term - because rent payments were a burden on state coffers. River view: The mountainous landscapes of Vietnam could make a nice change from icy Siberian winters . The only Russian naval facility outside of the former Soviet Union is a maintenance and supply facility in the Syrian port of Tartous. However, its future is uncertain because of the conflict in Syria. Chirkov . said Russia was 'working out the issue of creating sites for material . and technical support on the territory of Cuba, the Seychelles and . Vietnam.' Chirkov's wording suggested facilities . in those countries might be less extensive than full-scale naval bases. Navy officials could not immediately be reached for comment. The Caribbean island of Cuba is also being considered for the location of the new base . Vietnamese President Truong Tan Sang, who was in Russia and was to meet Putin on Friday, was quoted as telling a Russian radio station that Vietnam has 'no intention of cooperating with any country with the aim of military use of the port of Cam Ranh'. However, Sang was quoted as telling Voice of Russia radio that a maintenance and service facility at the port would be open to ships from all nations and that, in the interest of furthering a 'strategic partnership' with Moscow, Vietnam 'will provide Russia with advantages in Cam Ranh, including with aim of developing military cooperation'.
highlights: Russia has been sending warships further afield in a bid to increase the reach of its navy in recent years .
id: e6f9a68f86dad7c1bc8a4eff400a35b60f26a032
chatgpt: In recent years, Russia has been expanding its navy's reach by sending warships further afield in a bid to increase its military capabilities. Russian naval vessels have been spotted in various parts of the world, including the Middle East, Asia, and even South America. Russia's aggressive naval expansion is part of its broader military strategy to strengthen its presence in strategic areas of the world. The move comes as tensions between Russia and the West continue to escalate, with both sides accusing each other of aggressive behavior. According to military experts, the Russian navy's recent activities are part of its efforts to build a larger and more advanced fleet. Russia's navy currently operates a mix of aging Soviet-era vessels and modern warships that are equipped with advanced weapons systems. Russia's expansion of its navy's reach is also seen as a statement of intent to other countries. It is a message that Russia intends to protect its interests in key areas of the world and will use its full military might to do so. This has raised concerns in some countries, particularly those that have territorial claims in the same regions where Russia has been deploying its naval vessels. The South China Sea, for example, has seen increased tensions in recent years, with China asserting its claims to the region and building artificial islands to bolster its presence. Russia's naval activities in the area are seen as a potential threat to the US, which has been supporting countries in the region that oppose China's territorial claims. Similarly, Russia's presence in the Middle East has raised concerns among US allies in the region, particularly Israel and Saudi Arabia. Russia has been providing military support to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, which has drawn criticism from the US and its allies. Russia's naval presence in the region is seen as a way for it to project its military power and influence in the Middle East. Russia's increasing naval activities have also drawn criticism from NATO, which sees them as a potential threat to the alliance. In response, NATO has been increasing its own military presence in the region, with a particular focus on the Black Sea, where Russia has been deploying more warships. Overall, Russia's expanding naval reach is part of its broader military strategy to assert its power in key areas of the world. While it may be seen as a threat by some countries, Russia views its naval expansion as a necessary move to protect its interests and ensure its security in an increasingly unstable world.