article: (CNN) -- A mortar landed near the Russian Embassy in the Syrian capital of Damascus on Thursday, killing a Syrian civilian and injuring nine Syrian security personnel who work for the diplomatic post, Russia's foreign ministry said. No Russians were hurt in the attack, according to the ministry, which said it was trying to determine who launched the shell. The United States condemned the shelling. "The United States continues to emphasize that those responsible for atrocities on all sides must be held accountable," State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said in a statement. The death was one of dozens reported Thursday throughout Syria, plagued by civil war. State-run media reported that the regime's army recaptured the city of Deir Attiya from opposition militants on Thursday. The army killed an unspecified number of militants who earlier this month had taken the city, about 50 miles northeast of Damascus, the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency reported. The opposition group Local Coordination Committees of Syria reported at least 55 people were killed Thursday, including 20 in Damascus and its suburbs and 10 in Raqqa. Raqqa, in northern Syria, is where a regime-fired Scud missile hit a market a day earlier, killing about 35 people and wounding dozens of others, according to the main opposition umbrella group, the Syrian National Coalition. The Syrian conflict began in March 2011 after government forces cracked down on peaceful protesters during the Arab Spring movement. It is now a full-blown civil war. The United Nations estimates that more than 100,000 people have died in the conflict, and 9 million have been displaced. Syria plans to send a delegation to Switzerland early next year to participate in peace talks, but the opposition Free Syrian Army says it will pass. The United Nations announced that the often-delayed Geneva II conference aimed at ending the Syrian civil war starts January 22 in Geneva. Geneva II is a successor to Geneva I, a June 2012 meeting in which international parties laid out a peace plan for Syria that calls for a transitional governing body. It left open the question of whether President Bashar al-Assad must leave power. The United States and Russia announced in May that they would try to bring the warring parties to a second conference in Geneva to implement the plan. But the second Geneva conference has been delayed several times.
highlights: NEW: U.S. condemns attack . Russia says it's investigating attack near embassy in Damascus . Nine injured are Syrians working security for Russian Embassy, Russia says . At least 55 people killed across Syria on Thursday, opposition group reports .
id: 8f65a3333a552de84bff437c548c39606863a064
chatgpt: Washington has condemned a recent attack on the Russian Embassy in Damascus. The Russian Foreign Ministry announced that nine Syrians working security for the Russian Embassy were injured in the attack. Meanwhile, Russia has launched an investigation into the incident. The attack on the embassy occurred on Thursday, which was also a day where at least 55 people lost their lives across Syria, according to an opposition group that tracks the conflict. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said that the 55 deaths are the result of fighting in Syria, including airstrikes by government forces in northwestern Idlib province. The province is the last remaining stronghold of the rebellion against President Bashar al-Assad. Despite efforts to end the conflict in Syria, the country is still experiencing a high level of violence. The Russian military has been aiding the Syrian government in its fight against rebels since 2015, and the United States has been supporting Syrian Democratic Forces, a Kurdish-led group that is fighting the remnants of Islamic State in Syria. The recent attack on the Russian embassy in Damascus is just one of the many incidents that have occurred in Syria recently. The situation in the country is extremely volatile, and the prospect of a lasting peace is still uncertain. The United States has condemned the attack on the embassy, but the country is still deeply divided over its policy towards Syria. Some politicians in Washington are calling for increased support for the Syrian opposition, while others are urging President Donald Trump to keep U.S. troops in Syria and continue efforts to defeat ISIS. Meanwhile, Russian officials are continuing their investigation into the embassy attack. The Russian Foreign Ministry said that the nine Syrians injured in the attack are receiving medical treatment in a Moscow hospital. The ministry also said that it is working closely with Syrian authorities to determine who is responsible for the attack and to bring the perpetrators to justice. The attack on the Russian Embassy in Damascus is a reminder of the ongoing violence in Syria. Despite efforts by various groups to end the conflict, the situation in the country remains volatile and unpredictable. The international community is calling on all parties to the conflict to work together to find a lasting peace for the Syrian people.