article: Jason Alexander has been jailed for spending thousands on electronic goods on his company's credit card . A 'Robin Hood' fraudster has been jailed after using his company credit card to buy £90,000 of electronic gadgets to sell to colleagues at bargain prices. Jason Alexander used his manufacturing company's accounts to buy iPads, phones and computer equipment before selling them on to workmates. The 39-year-old from Pontypool, South Wales, has been jailed for two years after details of his 'philanthropic' scam emerged. The city's Crown Court heard how Alexander, the purchasing manager Northern Automotive Systems in Gilwern near Abergavenny, spent as much as £5,000 on some items which he then gave colleagues for  £180. Buying gadgets on Amazon, eBay and Argos, he racked up a £90,956 bill on the company credit card - spending £10,000 more a month than in previous years. Among other charges made to the company, for which he had worked for 14 years, was petrol for his Land Rover and Mini and tickets to a Nicki Minaj concert. His deceit was revealed when the company asked employees if any of them had bought cut priced electrical goods. Sentencing Judge Stephen Hopkins QC described the scheme as 'philanthropic'. 'It seems you were doing it as some kind of philanthropic act. 'In some cases spending £5,000 on items and then selling the items to employees for as little as £180 on the philanthropic basis they will not have been able to buy the items themselves.' 'The impact upon your colleagues has been awful. You have stolen from the company and there was a dip in morale for a period. 'You had an enormous impact on a large number of perfectly innocent people. Those to whom you sold goods now feel stupid and stressed. 'This was a gross and serious breach of trust over a substantial period of years.' An April hearing will determine if Alexander will be forced to repay any of the money used in fraudulent transactions. Among items purchased with the company's credit card were iPads, computer gadgets and mobile phones (file images) Alexander was sentenced to two years in jail at Cardiff Crown Court (above) where a judge described the scheme as a 'sort of philanthropic act'
highlights: Jason Alexander used his company's account to buy gadgets and petrol . The 39-year-old sold iPads and phones on to colleagues at cut prices . Deleted emails and falsified invoices at job in Abergavenny, South Wales . He has been jailed for two years following an internal investigation . A judge described the fraudulent scheme as a 'philanthropic act'
id: 2e8ac73ec01df6d327b74f49219c68b6f65b0e6a
chatgpt: Former company director Jason Alexander has been sentenced to two years in jail after an internal investigation revealed he had been using his employer's account to purchase personal gadgets and petrol. The 39-year-old was also found to have sold iPads and phones to colleagues at discounted prices. Alexander was employed at a company based in Abergavenny, South Wales, where he was responsible for overseeing accounts and operations. However, an audit conducted by the company found that he had been using company funds to purchase personal items, including petrol, which he used for his own vehicle. The fraudulent scheme also involved Alexander selling iPads and phones that were bought using company funds to his colleagues. He provided these at cut prices, which resulted in his colleagues receiving cheaper electronic equipment. Alexander was also found to have falsified invoices and deleted emails in an attempt to cover up his fraudulent activities. Following an internal investigation, Alexander was arrested and charged with fraud. In court, the judge described Alexander's fraudulent activities as a "philanthropic act" due to the fact that other employees benefited from the cut-price electronics. During the trial, it was also revealed that Alexander had a history of financial problems and had been declared bankrupt twice in the past. The court was told that his fraudulent activities had been fuelled by a desire to keep up with his financial obligations. In sentencing Alexander, the judge stated that his actions had breached the trust that his employer had placed in him. The judge also noted that Alexander had caused significant financial damage to the company, which had incurred losses due to his fraudulent activities. Following his sentencing, Alexander expressed remorse for his actions and issued a public apology to his former employer and colleagues. He stated that he had been struggling to cope with financial pressures and had made "a terrible mistake" by using company funds for personal gain. In conclusion, the sentencing of Jason Alexander sends a clear message that fraudulent activities will not be tolerated in the workplace. It is important for companies to remain vigilant and conduct regular audits to prevent such abuses of trust and misuses of company funds.