article: (CNN) -- An Egyptian court has dissolved the Muslim Brotherhood's political wing, the state-run Middle East News Agency reported Saturday -- the government's latest move against the Islamist movement whose fortunes have plummeted since former President Mohamed Morsy's ouster last year. The supreme administrative court's decision dissolves the Brotherhood's Freedom and Justice Party, which Morsy had once led. The development is another in a string of moves by the current military-backed government to force the Brotherhood underground. Hundreds of its members have been arrested since last year, and many sentenced to death. Morsy himself is in jail and on trial for allegedly inciting murder and other offenses. Egypt's rulers long suppressed the Islamist movement until 2011, when protests led to strongman Hosni Mubarak's ouster. Newly unfettered, Brotherhood members ran for office and Morsy, backed by the Freedom and Justice Party, became Egypt's first democratically elected president in June 2012. But he was ousted in a coup about a year later amid widespread protests against his rule, with opponents accusing him of pursuing an Islamist agenda and excluding other factions from the government. Since then, Cairo's military-installed government has banned the Brotherhood, branding it a terrorist group -- an allegation it denies -- and accusing it of being behind a wave of deadly attacks on the police and military. In June, a court upheld death sentences imposed on Muslim Brotherhood leader Mohammed Badie and 182 of the group's supporters, who were convicted of taking part in a deadly attack on a police station last year. The men can appeal the verdicts to a higher court. Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, the general who led Morsy's ouster, was elected President in May after leaving the military to run for the office. Brotherhood supporters say the government that replaced Morsy has returned to Mubarak's authoritarian practices. Muslim Brotherhood leader, 36 others sentenced to life in Cairo . Egypt court sentences hundreds of Muslim Brotherhood supporters to death . Egypt court upholds 183 death sentences .
highlights: This is the latest in a string of moves by government to force Islamist group underground . Government had banned Muslim Brotherhood and arrested hundreds of members . Brotherhood-backed ex-President Mohamed Morsy was ousted and arrested last year .
id: 67359cde048356bfd933e720bbdb79bfa7b269e2
chatgpt: The Egyptian government has taken another step to force the Muslim Brotherhood, an Islamist group, underground. The government had previously banned the Muslim Brotherhood and arrested hundreds of its members. The Muslim Brotherhood-backed ex-President Mohamed Morsy was ousted from power and arrested last year, and this latest move by the government is part of its ongoing crackdown on the group. The government has accused the Muslim Brotherhood of being a terrorist organization and of posing a threat to national security. Critics argue that this is a thinly veiled attempt to suppress political opposition. The latest move comes in the form of a new law that criminalizes membership in or support for the Muslim Brotherhood. The law imposes harsh penalties, including lengthy jail terms, for those found to be in violation. The law has been condemned by human rights groups, who argue that it infringes on basic freedoms and rights. Many fear that it will be used as a tool to undermine political opposition and stifle dissent. The Muslim Brotherhood has denounced the new law, calling it a violation of human rights and a betrayal of the promises made during the Egyptian revolution. The government has defended the law, arguing that it is necessary to maintain stability and security in the country. The government has also pointed to the recent surge in terrorist attacks in the country as evidence of the need for such measures. Critics argue, however, that the government's heavy-handed approach is only fueling resentment and radicalization, and that a more inclusive and democratic approach is needed if lasting stability is to be achieved. In any case, the situation in Egypt remains tense, with the Muslim Brotherhood remaining a powerful force despite the government's efforts to suppress it. The future of the country remains uncertain as it continues to navigate its way through a period of significant social and political change.