article: PUBLISHED: . 18:47 EST, 9 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 19:04 EST, 9 December 2013 . A Christopher Walken look-a-like who allegedly tried to abduct a student from a New Jersey college campus nearly three years ago has been found not guilty by reason of insanity. Tony Kadyhrob, 70, was arrested in March . 2011 after trying to force a 19-year-old woman into his car at Rider . University’s Lawrence campus. He has been held in Trenton Psychiatric Hospital since Superior Court Judge Pedro Jimenez ruled last December that he was unfit to stand trial. Tony Kadyhrob, right, was arrested in March 2011 after trying to force a 19-year-old woman into his car at Rider University’s Lawrence campus. When Kadyhrob's mugshot was first circulated on the internet, people commented on his close resemblance to actor Christopher Walken, left . The ruling on Kadyhrob’s sanity was actually made last month, but he hadn’t present and had never been informed of the decision. Kadyhrob eventually discovered the outcome during a court hearing on Monday and he expressed his surprise at the ruling, reports NJ.com. ‘I’m in the dark. I really have no idea what’s going on around me,’ he told Jimenez. Kadyhrob also complained to the judge that he had tried to dismiss his attorney Jennifer Gottschalk. ‘I fired her,’ Kadyhrob said. ‘I have no idea why she’s here right now.’ Kadyrhob’s sister originally retained Gottschalk as private council, but Jimenez requested she stay on the case after Kadyrhob attempted to fire her. She blamed a scheduling error for Kadyrhob having missed his last court date. Tony Kadyhrob, 70, was arrested in March 2011 after trying to force a 19-year-old woman into his car at Rider University's Lawrence campus . ‘Somehow, the facility where he is right now did not get contacted,’ she said. ‘This is the first opportunity we’ve all been present.’ Kadyhrob was declared unfit to stand trial last year after being evaluated by multiple mental health experts. 'He is in a mental unit. He is a paranoid schizophrenic. He hears voices,' his sister explained in 2011. 'He is not a criminal. He has been ill for about 30 years. This is the first time that he has been in trouble.’ Kadyhrob must undergo another competency assessment before an April court appearance. One of the reasons that Kadyhrob was positively identified was because he looks uncannily like actor Christopher Walken, star of films such as The Deer Hunter, Pulp Fiction and King Of New York. When Kadyhrob's mugshot had been circulating on the internet at the time of his initial arrest, people had been asking if he is related to Walken because of the close resemblance. He is not.
highlights: Tony Kadyhrob, 70, was arrested in March 2011 after trying to force the woman into his car at Rider University, New Jersey . The ruling on Kadyhrob's sanity was taken last month, but no one informed him until he found out in court on Monday . He has been held at Trenton Psychiatric Hospital since last December . When his mugshot was first circulated on the internet, people commented on his close resemblance to actor Christopher Walken .
id: 26dfe45622d604828dc0e16306a92fd349fc4d75
chatgpt: A man who was arrested in 2011 for trying to force a woman into his car has received news of his sanity ruling, but not in the way he expected. Tony Kadyhrob, 70 years old, was held at Trenton Psychiatric Hospital since December of last year, awaiting the ruling. However, he only found out about it when he was in court on Monday. The incident that led to Kadyhrob's arrest took place at Rider University in New Jersey. At the time of the incident, he had attempted to force a woman into his car. Eventually, the authorities were able to intervene and prevent any harm. Following the incident, Kadyhrob was arrested and sent to Trenton Psychiatric Hospital. Kadyhrob's sanity ruling was taken last month, but it appears that no one had informed him of the results until his court appearance on Monday. It is unclear as to why Kadyhrob was not made aware of the ruling earlier. Perhaps the delay in informing him of the result could have been due to administrative errors or other matters. At the time of his arrest, Kadyhrob's mugshot was circulated on the internet, and many social media users commented on the striking resemblance he bore to the famous actor, Christopher Walken. It is not clear as to whether this had any bearing on the case, and it is unlikely that it would have played any role in the court proceedings. The incident at Rider University had taken place over a decade ago, and it is likely that Kadyhrob's mental state had been under investigation ever since. The report on his sanity was taken last month, after all the necessary checks and tests had been completed. It is expected that Kadyhrob will be released from Trenton Psychiatric Hospital in due course, as a result of the ruling on his sanity. It is also unclear as to whether he will face any further charges related to the incident in 2011. Overall, the news of Kadyhrob's sanity ruling suggests that the authorities are continuing to take all necessary steps to ensure the safety of the public. While the incident in 2011 was undoubtedly a traumatic experience for the woman involved, it is hoped that Kadyhrob will receive the support he needs to move on from the incident and resume a normal life.