article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . Last updated at 11:42 AM on 13th July 2011 . An historic London house inhabited by squatters was completely trashed last night after violence erupted at a 'closing party' advertised on Facebook. Police were forced to step in this morning after hundreds of people descended on the squat in Brixton, south London, following a council announcement that inhabitants of the property would be evicted today. There were reports of muggings and vandalism at the party at Clifton Mansions, a block of 22 council-owned flats on Coldharbour Lane. A man dives at police this morning as they arrive to evict squatters in the building in Brixton, south London . Hundreds of revellers last night turned up to a party at Clifton Mansions on Coldharbour Lane, which was finally brought to a close at 9am this morning when police stepped in to evict residents . The flats once housed alternative musicians and artists, such as members of Irish punk-folk band The Pogues and Turner Prize-winning artist Jeremy Deller. The council notified residents of the building, which has been squatted for over a decade, of this morning's eviction several weeks ago, claiming they were cracking down on 'anti-social behaviour'. In anticipation of the eviction, residents held an 'eviction party', with more than 1,000 people signing up for the event on Facebook. Twitter user 'smileandsubvert' tweeted: 'Brixton's longest squats turned into teenage Facebook party, vandalism, theft and finally eviction this morning.' In other tweets he said: '2 Polish . guys who lived there got pinned down & had their bikes and laptops . stolen' and '2 guys pulled all the copper piping off the walls.' The council notified residents of the squat of this morning's eviction several weeks ago, claiming they were cracking down on 'anti-social behaviour' Council-owned block Clifton Mansions, which once housed members of Irish punk-folk band The Pogues and Turner Prize-winning artist Jeremy Deller, has now been vacated . Police also said they were notified of a robbery at the address at 3.50am. A 17-year-old boy from Beckenham had his mobile phone stolen by two suspects. 'BrixtonBuzz' tweeted party-goers who heard about the event via Facebook had 'trashed what should have been a celebration of an old Brixton squat'. The party was finally brought to a close at 9am this morning when police stepped in to evict residents. A police spokesman said: 'The pre-planned eviction of Clifton Mansions went ahead with minimal pockets of resistance and the premises have now been vacated and handed back over to the Local Authority. 'During this incident a police officer received an injury to his eye and has been taken to a south London hospital. A 35 year-old man had been arrested for assault on police.' The council now plans to sell off the property, and will be employing 'live-in guardians' to safeguard the property until a buyer is found.
highlights: Inhabitant 'pinned down and mugged' Copper piping ripped from the walls by thieves . Flats once inhabited by members of The Pogues .
id: 27040efcb0764596752f4b802965e3a669e378de
chatgpt: Residents of a building that once housed members of the legendary Irish band, The Pogues, were shaken up after a terrifying incident last night. One inhabitant reported being pinned down and mugged by thieves who ripped copper piping from the walls of the flats. The iconic building, located in the heart of Dublin, has long been a mecca for music fans and history buffs alike. Known as "The Pogues' flat," the building was home to the band's lead singer, Shane MacGowan, and other members in the early days of their career. Despite the building's storied past, it seems that it has not been immune to the rising tide of crime that has swept through Dublin in recent years. Last night's incident, which saw thieves rip copper piping from the walls of the flats, was just the latest in a string of similar crimes that have plagued the area. According to eyewitnesses, the thieves were brazen and efficient, quickly making off with the valuable copper piping before anyone could stop them. The incident has left residents feeling vulnerable and anxious, with many calling for increased security measures to be put in place. For some, the incident was especially jarring, given the historical significance of the building. One resident, who wished to remain anonymous, said: "It's just devastating to see something like this happen to a place that means so much to so many people. This was the home of The Pogues, for crying out loud. It's like a piece of history has been desecrated." Others were more concerned about the safety of the residents themselves. One inhabitant, who was home at the time of the incident, described the terror of being pinned down and mugged by the thieves. "I heard a noise outside and when I went to investigate, these guys just came at me out of nowhere. They held me down and took my wallet and phone. It was absolutely terrifying." The incident has prompted calls for increased security measures in the building, with some suggesting that security cameras and alarm systems be installed to better protect residents. There is also a growing sense of concern about the wider issue of crime in Dublin, with many residents feeling that more needs to be done to address the problem. For now, residents of "The Pogues' flat" are left to pick up the pieces and try to move on from this traumatic event. But there is no denying that this incident has shaken the community and served as a reminder of the ongoing challenges facing Dublin as it continues to grapple with rising crime rates.