article: (Financial Times) -- The government of a remote province in western China says it is investigating Coca-Cola over allegations that it illegally mapped parts of the province, as China and the US engage in an escalating war of words over cyber espionage. The Yunnan Geographical Information Bureau of Surveying and Mapping said the US drinks company had been "illegally collecting classified information with handheld GPS equipment", according to a Yunnan government website. Coca-Cola said it had "co-operated fully" with the inquiry, adding that local bottling plants use "e-map and location-based customer logistics systems that are commercially available in China" to improve customer service and fuel efficiency. "These customer logistics systems are broadly used for commercial application across many industries in China and worldwide," the company said. The Yunnan government said the Coca-Cola case was one of 21 instances of alleged illegal surveying under investigation in the area, which also included others' illegal sales of classified military maps online, aerial photography by unmanned aircraft, and illegal surveying of military bases. The bureau gave no further details of the Coca-Cola investigation, but a bureau official who gave his surname as Han said the investigation would end soon. "We will announce the results when it ends," he told the Financial Times in an interview. "It is a bit sensitive. I don't know how it got published," he added. China National Radio broadcast an interview with Li Mingde, the deputy director of the Yunnan bureau involved in investigating Coke, who said it was "urgent" to punish cases of illegal mapping. "Some people are profiting from collecting information, including providing it to some foreign intelligence agencies," he said, noting that when the Chinese embassy in Belgrade was bombed by the US in 1999, the US blamed it on an inaccurate map. "Mapping information can be used by enemies. So it must be restricted," he said. Coke declined to respond to his comments. Beijing and Washington have recently ratcheted up their mutual accusations about cyberspying, with the White House on Monday calling on China to take "serious steps" to stop extensive hacking of US companies and start negotiating international rules for behaviour in cyberspace. The comments in the New York Times and other leading newspapers followed reports of Chinese hacking, as well as high-profile research from US cybersecurity company Mandiant which for the first time linked extensive cyberattacks on US businesses to a specific unit of the Chinese military in Shanghai. A recent New York Times report on hacking by the military unit said Coca-Cola had itself been a target. Yang Jiechi, China's foreign minister, has rejected allegations of Chinese military involvement in hacking. "Anyone who tries to fabricate or piece together a sensational story to serve their political motive will not be able to blacken the name of others or whitewash themselves," he said at the weekend. Additional reporting by Gu Yu in Beijing and Yan Zhang in Shanghai . © The Financial Times Limited 2013 .
highlights: A local Chinese government has accused Coca-Cola of illegally mapping parts of Yunnan province . The claims are part of a war of words between China and the US over cyber espionage .
id: d001cb80b0c0e78b99c075af8287e2654dd93ed8
chatgpt: A local Chinese government has accused the American beverage giant, Coca-Cola, of illegally mapping parts of Yunnan province. The accusations are being seen as part of a greater conflict between China and the United States over cyber espionage. Coca-Cola is just the latest in a growing list of American companies that have come under scrutiny in China. The world's second-largest economy has been accused of launching a sustained and persistent campaign of cyber attacks against US companies, government agencies, and political organizations. China's Ministry of State Security has long been suspected of sponsoring advanced, large-scale cyber-espionage campaigns in the US, with targets ranging from defense, technology, and financial companies to government agencies, think-tanks, and universities. These activities have resulted in the theft of vast amounts of intellectual property, trade secrets, and confidential information. Though there is no publicly available evidence that directly implicates Coca-Cola in any cyber espionage activities, authorities in Yunnan Province have accused the company of illegal mapping activities. According to local reports, Coca-Cola employees were seen using sophisticated equipment to collect geospatial data. Chinese authorities say this information could be used to spy on individuals, businesses, and military installations. The war of words between China and the United States over cyber espionage is intensifying. Last week, the US government accused China of hacking Microsoft and stealing email data from companies around the world. The US and its allies have also accused China of widespread human rights abuses in Xinjiang province, home to the country's Muslim Uighur minority. The Chinese government has denied any involvement in hacking activities and has condemned the accusations as baseless and fabricated. China has also accused the US of engaging in cyber espionage and conducting mass surveillance on a global scale. The Coca-Cola incident could add fuel to the already tense relations between the world's two largest economies. The US and China have been engaged in a bitter trade war for several years, with both sides imposing tariffs on each other's goods. The Biden administration has taken a harder line against China than its predecessor, and tensions between the two nations show no signs of easing anytime soon. There is a fear that the Coca-Cola incident could escalate if the Chinese government chooses to seize the company's assets or ban its products in the country. Coca-Cola has a large footprint in China, with more than 10,000 employees and 48 factories. Any move against the company could have a significant impact on its Chinese operations and would further sour relations between the two countries. The situation in Yunnan province is still developing, and it is unclear what actions the Chinese authorities will take against Coca-Cola. The beverage giant has not commented on the accusations, and it remains to be seen whether it will be able to weather the storm of allegations and investigations facing American companies in China. In the midst of the ongoing conflict between China and the US over cyber espionage, companies like Coca-Cola are likely to come under increasing scrutiny. With tensions between the two superpowers at an all-time high, it is a dangerous time for American companies looking to do business in China.