article: Islamic State has acquired a cache of deadly chemical weapons in Libya which pose a significant threat to European security, a British expert has warned. According to Middle East reports, the terror group has unconfirmed quantities of sarin and mustard gas after defeating government forces in southern and central Libya. Former British Army officer Hamish de Bretton-Gordon told The Mail on Sunday that the weapons remain dangerous, even though they are likely to be ten years old, and in a degraded state. Mr de Bretton-Gordon based his warning on President Assad’s use of one tonne of sarin in Ghouta, Syria, in August 2013, which killed as many as 1,000 people. Islamic State has acquired a cache of deadly chemical weapons in Libya, an expert warned. Pictured, shells contained mustard gas near the southern Libyan town of Waddan in 2011 . Speaking from the Gulf, where he advises the Iraqi government on chemical weapons, he said: ‘We saw what a single ton of not very good quality sarin did in Ghouta. ‘While we don’t know how much IS has acquired, and though the Libyan sarin dates back to the Gaddafi era, it would still have a toxicity and pose a danger. ‘Libya is virtually Europe and so the fear factor from a European perspective is huge. I should think the security forces will be watching this situation very closely.’ IS has used chlorine as a weapon in Iraq and has acquired significant expertise in chemical warfare from those who previously developed chemical weapons for Saddam Hussein. A fleet of cars parade freely through the Libyan city of Benghazi, showing the level of control in the country ruled almost entirely by rebel forces .
highlights: Weapons acquired after defeating government forces in Libya, reports say . Sarin and mustard gas likely to be be ten years old and in a degraded state . But former British Army officer said the weapons remain dangerous .
id: 698678622f0f4d9250a3e7de13fb5e49fbb005b7
chatgpt: After the fall of the Libyan government, it seems that the new powers that be have acquired a deadly cache of weapons. According to new reports, these weapons were acquired after defeating government forces in Libya. However, it appears that these weapons might not be as potent as they once were. Sources say that the arsenal includes sarin and mustard gas, two chemical weapons that have caused untold suffering in the past. While these weapons are certainly dangerous, experts believe that they might be ten years old and in a degraded state. This means that their potency may have decreased significantly over time. Despite this, one former British Army officer has voiced concerns about the danger these weapons still pose. In an interview with a major media outlet, the officer stated that even if the weapons have degraded, they are still capable of causing harm. He emphasized that no chemical weapon should be taken lightly and that any exposure to them could lead to tragic consequences. The news of these chemical weapons in the hands of Libyan rebels has caused alarm in many quarters. Questions are being raised about how they were acquired and who is in control of them now. There are also concerns about whether the Libyan people will be made to suffer again due to these weapons. While the situation is unclear, it is clear that the threat of chemical weapons is very real. The focus must now be on finding a way to control and neutralize these weapons. Until then, the people of Libya and the world remain at risk.