article: A proposal allowing for a three-minute stoppage if a player suffers a suspected concussion will be discussed this week by FIFA's Executive Committee. The guidance comes from FIFA's medical committee, following a meeting on Monday in Zurich, and will be presented at the Executive Committee's meeting on Thursday and Friday. It follows several incidents during this summer's World Cup of players attempting to play on after suffering head injuries. Germany's Christoph Kramer is eventually taken off after being knocked out by Ezequiel Garay (far right) A FIFA press release read: 'The incidents at the World Cup have shown that the role of team doctors needs to be reinforced in order to ensure the correct management of potential cases of concussion in the heat of competition. 'Following recent discussion with team doctors and confederations, the FIFA Medical Committee agreed at a meeting held yesterday [Monday] in Zurich to submit a proposal to the FIFA Executive Committee in order to improve the protocol. Argentina's Javier Mascherano (right) takes a blow to the head from Netherlands' Georginio Wijnaldum . Mascherano lies on the pitch after the kick left him concussed, but he carried on playing in the match . 'Under the proposal, whenever a suspected incident of concussion occurs, the referee will have the ability to stop the game for three minutes, allowing the relevant team doctor to complete an on-pitch assessment and decide if the player has suspected concussion. 'The referee will only allow the injured party to continue playing with the authorisation of the team doctor, who will have the final decision.' Alvaro Pereira (right of left-hand picture) stayed on the pitch despite this clash with England's Raheem Sterling . UEFA will adopt similar new rules with immediate effect and FIFA's chief medical officer Michel D'Hooghe expressed hope at the recent Soccerex convention in Manchester that the global governing body could implement the proposal as soon as October 1. Germany's Christoph Kramer played on in the World Cup final with a head injury before being eventually being substituted, while Uruguay's Alvaro Pereira and Argentina's Javier Mascherano also returned to the field after being knocked out during matches. Tottenham goalkeeper Hugo Lloris lies on the ground injured after he was left concussed against Everton . Lloris later admitted he was wrong to continue playing after he was concussed in the match against Everton . In the Barclays Premier League, Tottenham sparked a parliamentary debate by allowing goalkeeper Hugo Lloris to play on against Everton last season after suffering a concussion. Lloris later admitted he was wrong to do so and the league responded by tightening guidelines to allow club doctors to overrule players and coaches in such decisions, assisted by an independent doctor in the tunnel should the need arise.
highlights: FIFA's Executive Committee to discuss plans this week to stop matches for three minutes if a player suffers a suspected concussion . The proposal follows several incidents during this summer's World Cup where players attempted to continue after sustaining serious head injuries . Germany's Christoph Kramer continued in the World Cup final with a head injury before being substituted . Uruguay's Alvaro Pereira and Argentina's Javier Mascherano both returned to the field after being knocked out during matches . Tottenham goalkeeper Hugo Lloris continued against Everton last season despite being concussed . The proposal would give team doctors three minutes to carry out an on-pitch assessment to establish if the player is concussed . The team doctor will have the final say whether the player can continue .
id: 0bd4b7f44cc6163921063578e8114e057e13be6f
chatgpt: The FIFA Executive Committee is set to discuss new proposals that could revolutionize the way football handles potential head injuries. According to reports, the proposals center around the idea of stopping matches for three minutes if a player suffers a suspected concussion. This comes after a series of incidents during this summer's World Cup, where players attempted to continue playing after sustaining serious head injuries. Germany's Christoph Kramer notably continued in the World Cup final with a head injury before being substituted. Further examples include Uruguay's Alvaro Pereira and Argentina's Javier Mascherano, who both returned to the field after being knocked out during matches. Tottenham goalkeeper Hugo Lloris also continued against Everton last season despite being concussed. With such incidents becoming increasingly common across the sport, it's no surprise that officials are finally looking to take action. The new proposals would give team doctors three minutes to carry out an on-pitch assessment to establish if the player is concussed. The team doctor will have the final say as to whether the player can continue, which will hopefully prevent players from putting their health at risk in competitive matches. The move is a welcomed one, as many pundits and players have been advocating for football's governing bodies to do more to protect players' health. However, this move could also set a precedent for how other sports handle head injuries. Football's popularity means that any major changes to the sport are likely to have a ripple effect across other sports as well. What's clear is that football can no longer ignore the issue of head injuries. The fact that players are often unwilling or unable to recognize the symptoms of concussion means that it falls on doctors and other officials to make the right decisions for their wellbeing. The new proposals will undoubtedly be met with a degree of skepticism from some quarters. However, it's clear that action needs to be taken to protect players from the potentially devastating long-term effects of head injuries. All eyes will be on FIFA this week as they discuss these proposals. If implemented, it could be a turning point for football and sports more generally.