article: By . Tamara Cohen . Outburst: Education Secretary Michael Gove (pictured on Tuesday) shouted 'you're a disgrace' at those MPs who opposed the Government in the vote . Michael Gove was so furious with Tory MPs for voting down intervention he had to be restrained by colleagues, it was claimed last night. The Education Secretary, a staunch backer of military action in Syria, shouted 'you're a disgrace' at those MPs who opposed the Government in the tense vote last night. Scottish National MP Angus Robertson said Mr Gove carried on yelling 'disgrace, disgrace, disgrace' at Tory and Liberal Democrat rebels in stunning scenes in the House of Commons around 11pm last night. Labour MP Barry Gardiner also told how Mr Gove, a close ally of Prime Minister David Cameron, 'lost it' and accused colleagues of 'supporting (Syrian President Bashar al-) Assad'. He had to be persuaded to calm down by colleagues. Mr Gove, speaking about Syria this week, did not join colleagues in calling for MPs to vote on military action, saying he believed the appropriate response should be decided by the Prime Minister. He said at a speech in London on Tuesday that any action should be predicated 'above all' on the 'horrendous humanitarian atrocities' thought to have been carried out by regime forces. 'I am like everyone, horrified by what we've seen in Syria and like almost everyone anxious that whatever can be done to alleviate the suffering is done', he said. Dramatic: Mr Gove's outburst came after David Cameron (left) and Labour leader Ed Miliband (right) had spoken . 'I think we're lucky that we have in David Cameron and William Hague the right people leading this country and its response to the terrible things that have happened in Syria.... ‘We all need to be calm but resolute in our response, and I think that's exactly the position and the virtues the Prime Minister and the Foreign Secretary have shown. 'The decision about the government is going to respond to the horrendous humanitarian atrocities that we have witnessed is one that is properly taken by the Prime Minister and the members of the National Security Council.'
highlights: Education Secretary Gove was staunch backer of military action in Syria . Carried on yelling 'disgrace' at Tory and Lib Dem rebels, says SNP MP . Gove 'lost it' and accused colleagues of 'supporting Assad', it's claimed .
id: 85df600820ba46188825471fbd49310fa44faf80
chatgpt: Former Education Secretary Michael Gove's support for military action in Syria has been making headlines, with some claims suggesting that he has been losing his temper over the issue. According to an SNP MP, Mr. Gove was heard repeatedly shouting "disgrace" at Conservative and Liberal Democrat rebels over the matter. The allegations have come after a number of high-profile figures spoke out against plans for military action in Syria, with Mr. Gove among those who had been advocating for intervention. However, it appears that his enthusiasm for the cause may have been getting the better of him. As the debate over Syria raged on, Mr. Gove was said to have become increasingly agitated. One SNP MP who was present during the discussions claimed that the former minister had "lost it" and accused his colleagues of supporting the regime of President Bashar al-Assad. It's not clear what specifically caused the outburst, but it's clear that the issue has divided opinion in parliament. The SNP MP also claimed that Mr. Gove carried on yelling "disgrace" at the rebel MPs even after they had left. It's unclear to what extent others in the room may have been aware of the outburst, but the claims have certainly sparked a debate about Mr. Gove's approach to the Syria crisis. For his part, Mr. Gove has been defending his position. He has argued that military action is necessary to stop the Syrian regime from using chemical weapons against its own people. He has also suggested that the UK has a moral duty to take action. However, opponents of military intervention argue that such action risks further inflaming the situation in Syria and causing unintended consequences. They have called for other types of intervention, such as humanitarian aid and diplomatic pressure. The debate over Syria is likely to continue for some time, with Mr. Gove's outburst being just the latest chapter in a complex and divisive issue. However, it's clear that whatever the outcome, it will have a significant impact on UK foreign policy and on the lives of millions of people in Syria and the wider region.