article: (CNN) -- On a day when opposition forces in Libya suffered battlefield losses, President Barack Obama made clear in interviews Tuesday with the three major U.S. television networks that he was open to arming the rebel fighters. "I'm not ruling it out, but I'm also not ruling it in," Obama told NBC in one of the separate interviews he gave the day after a nationally televised speech on the Libya situation. "I think it's fair to say that if we wanted to get weapons into Libya, we probably could," Obama told ABC. "We're looking at all our options at this point." The president also signaled a willingness to negotiate a settlement to the conflict with Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi, but only based on the condition that Gadhafi would relinquish power as called for by the United States and its allies. Asked about the chances of Gadhafi fleeing or losing vital support from his family and top aides, Obama said that he believes those close to the Libyan leader likely feel what he called a tightening noose. "I think that Gadhafi's camp, people around him, are starting to recognize that their options are limited and their days are numbered, and so they are probably reaching out to a range of different people," Obama told CBS. "But that information may not have filtered to Gadhafi yet and I think it's too early for us to start having formal negotiations." Gadhafi "knows exactly what he needs to do to stop the constant bombardment that he's under, and it may at some point shift to him to figuring out how to negotiate an exit, but I don't think we're at that point yet," Obama continued on CBS. On ABC, the president said that "the first step is for Gadhafi to send a signal that he understands the Libyan people don't want him ruling anymore, that 40 years of tyranny is enough." "Once he makes that decision, I think the international community will come together and make a determination as to what the most appropriate way of facilitating him stepping down will be," Obama said. The interviews continued the determined tone of Obama's Monday night speech, which detailed the strategic and moral reasons for committing U.S. troops to the Libyan mission while also promising the U.S. role would be limited in time and scope. Initially led by U.S. forces due to their "unique capabilities" for taking out Libya's anti-aircraft and communications stations to establish a no-fly zone, the mission shifts to NATO control this week so allied nations share the responsibility and costs, Obama said. He pointed out to CBS that coalition airstrikes on Gadhafi forces threatening civilian populations "will continue for some time" despite the transfer in mission leadership. "One of the questions that we want to answer is, do we start getting to a stage where Gadhafi's forces are sufficiently degraded, where it may not be necessary to arm opposition groups?" Obama said on CBS.
highlights: The president gives interviews to all three major U.S. television networks . Moammar Gadhafi can end the coalition bombardment by stepping down, Obama says . Obama says pressure is increasing on Gadhafi's inner circle to end the conflict .
id: 92ab1a8831b4ea90beb8bb27e76402e8de9839ec
chatgpt: In an effort to reach a larger audience and share his thoughts on current international affairs, President Barack Obama has given interviews to all three major U.S. television networks. During the interviews, he addressed the ongoing conflict in Libya and provided insight into the United States' stance on the matter. One of the key issues at the forefront of the Libyan conflict is the continued bombardment by coalition forces. When asked about his opinion on the matter, President Obama stated that the bombing could come to an end if Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi were to step down. This statement aligns with the stance that the United States has taken throughout the course of the conflict, insisting that Gadhafi must leave his position of power for the fighting to come to a peaceful end. President Obama went on to discuss the pressure that is being placed on Gadhafi's inner circle to take the necessary steps to end the conflict. He cited intelligence reports that indicate a growing dissatisfaction with Gadhafi's rule among members of his inner circle, stating that this puts additional pressure on the Libyan leader to make the right decision. It is possible that pressure from within and outside of Libya is taking a toll on Gadhafi. The defection of several high-ranking members of his government in recent weeks is evidence of the growing unrest within the country. The United States has also implemented sanctions and taken other measures to isolate Gadhafi and place additional pressure on him to end the conflict. Despite these efforts, it is not yet clear how much longer the conflict will continue before a resolution is reached. The world is closely watching the situation in Libya, with many hoping for a peaceful end to the conflict. While the Libyan conflict is one of the most pressing international issues of the day, President Obama's interviews addressed a number of other important topics as well. He discussed the situation in Syria, the ongoing efforts to combat terrorism, and the state of the U.S. economy, among other topics. In these interviews, President Obama demonstrated his commitment to transparency and his willingness to engage with the media and the public in order to share his thoughts and perspectives. His straightforward analysis of the situation in Libya and other international hotspots was indicative of the level of thought and consideration that he is giving to these issues. Ultimately, it will be up to the Libyan people to decide their fate and the direction of their country. However, the statements made by President Obama in his recent interviews can provide some insight into the current stance of the United States and the international community as a whole. The hope is that this conflict can be resolved quickly and without further bloodshed, allowing the people of Libya to rebuild and move on from the devastation of war.