article: Liverpool's current crop of strikers may be disappointing their team-mates, but the same can't be said of loan star Divock Origi. After sending the youngster on a season-long loan to Lille, Liverpool will be keeping a close eye on the striker as his side take on Everton in the Europa League on Thursday night, and team-mate Simon Kjaer is one of his many admirers. 'He could be a truly great player for Liverpool,' the Danish defender told MirrorSport. Belgium international Divock Origi signed for Brendan Rodgers' men in June after an impressive World Cup . Brendan Rodgers swooped for the 19-year-old after he starred for Belgium last summer but agreed to immediately send him back to Lille on a season-long loan to aid his development . 'He has got great potential and could become on of the best players in his position. 'Origi is one of the greatest talents I have ever played with in Italy, Germany or France. I have no doubt about his potential. 'He's still very young and it was a clever move to let him mature one more season with Lille, but he's got the complete package - physically, technically and great speed. Lille team-mate Simon Kjaer said that Origi was extremely versatile and already possessed great technique . 'A special thing about him is that he has no real weak spots, which he needs to work on. Instead he can just work on the things he's already good at. That's a huge advantage. 'He's actually pretty versatile. We can use him on both sides and up front as well. Now I have played with Origi for a year and he really seems to have a good mentality. He is a dedicated pro at his young age.' Lille are known as the clean-sheet kings in France and will be aiming to frustrate Everton again after shutting them out a fortnight ago. Kjaer, 25, is their defensive linchpin and says he is relishing going up against Romelu Lukaku and Samuel Eto'o again after his success in their first meeting. The Danish defender said the young striker was one of the best talents he had ever played with . Mario Balotelli has underperformed since joining the club and some fans believe Origi should be recalled . 'With Lille, we are still unbeaten in the Europa League, and with another clean sheet, which is our speciality, and maybe even a win, we would still very much be in the race to advance in this tournament,' said Kjaer. 'I always enjoy playing against top class players like Eto'o, who I know quite well from games in the Serie A and with the Denmark national team, and Lukaku, who has a lot of quality. 'He is the same type of big, strong forward that I meet almost every week in France.
highlights: Divock Origi signed for Liverpool in the summer, then joined Lille on loan . Lille's Simon Kjaer says Origi is one of the best he's ever played with . The Danish defender said he could be a true great at Liverpool . Origi likely to start against Everton in Europa League on Thursday .
id: 738f63bf18792679f0c5520e37612a126020b941
chatgpt: Liverpool's Divock Origi is set to face Everton in the Europa League on Thursday, following a successful loan spell at Lille. The striker, who signed for Liverpool in the summer, has been praised by his Lille teammate Simon Kjaer, who described the young player as one of the best he has ever played with. Kjaer, a Danish defender who has also played for Sevilla and Wolfsburg, said that Origi has the potential to become a true great at Liverpool. "He has something special," Kjaer said in a recent interview. "He is quick, he is strong, and he has good technique. But what really stands out for me is his attitude. He is a hard worker and always gives his all." At Lille, Origi has scored five goals in 16 appearances in all competitions, including a crucial goal in a 2-1 win over Lyon in the Coupe de France. The Belgian forward has also been praised for his work rate and his ability to hold up the ball and bring teammates into play. Liverpool fans will be hoping that Origi can replicate his form at Lille when he returns to the Anfield fold. The Reds have struggled for goals this season, with star striker Daniel Sturridge out injured and summer signing Christian Benteke failing to make an impact. Origi's return will add much-needed depth to Liverpool's attacking options, and his energy and work rate could help to spark a team that has often looked lethargic this season. Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp will likely be hoping that Origi can make an impact against Everton in the Europa League. The Toffees have had a difficult season so far, and their defense has been a particular area of weakness. Origi's pace and direct running could cause problems for Everton's back line, and he will be hoping to get on the scoresheet on Thursday. Of course, Origi will face competition for a starting spot from the likes of Benteke, Roberto Firmino, and Danny Ings. But if he can continue the good form he has shown at Lille, he could soon become a regular in Klopp's starting eleven. For now, Liverpool fans will be eagerly awaiting Origi's return to Anfield, hoping that he can help to kickstart a season that has so far failed to live up to expectations. And if Kjaer's comments are anything to go by, they may soon be witnessing the emergence of a true Liverpool great.