article: (CNN) -- Australia Prime Minister Julia Gillard said Tuesday she believes Australia should become a republic after Queen Elizabeth II dies. Gillard said the country has a "deep affection" for Queen Elizabeth, but that she favors moving Australia toward a republic. "What I would like to see as prime minister is that we work our way through to an agreement on a model for the republic, but I think that the appropriate time for this nation to move to being a republic is when we see the monarch change," Gillard said at a news conference. "Obviously I'm hoping for Queen Elizabeth that she lives a long and happy life, and having watched her mother I think there's every chance that she will live a long and happy life, but I think that's probably the appropriate point for a transition to a republic." Australia is currently a constitutional monarchy with the British monarch as its head of state. Gillard made the comments on the campaign trail ahead of Saturday's general election, in which she faces a challenge from opposition leader Tony Abbott. Abbott said Tuesday he believes the current system of government is a good one. "This republican cause has been with us for a long time, but the Australian people have demonstrated themselves to be remarkably attached to institutions that work," he said Tuesday. "I think that our existing constitutional arrangements have worked well in the past. I see no reason whatsoever why they can't continue to work well in the future. So while there may very well be further episodes of republicanism in this country, I am far from certain that, at least in our lifetimes, there is likely to be any significant change." Abbott, of the Liberal Party, headed Australians for Constitutional Monarchy for two years before entering Parliament. Gillard ousted Kevin Rudd as leader of Australia's Labor Party, and prime minister, in June. She had been Rudd's deputy prime minister, but Labor Party members of Parliament voted her into the top job as Rudd's public approval declined.
highlights: NEW: Opposition leader says the country's current system of government is good . PM Julia Gillard says Queen Elizabeth should be Australia's last monarch . She wants Australia to become a republic . Australia is currently a constitutional monarchy .
id: 8f50c8b99579a09357f6da86247c6aa3755836d0
chatgpt: In a recent interview with a leading news channel, the leader of the opposition party, Scott Morrison, has stated that he believes the current system of government in Australia is good. This statement comes in light of recent calls by the Prime Minister, Julia Gillard, for Australia to become a republic. Currently, Australia is a constitutional monarchy, with Queen Elizabeth II serving as the head of state. However, Gillard has been spearheading a push for the country to transition to a republic, with an Australian citizen serving as the head of state instead. "She wants Australia to become a republic, but I don't think that's necessary," Morrison said. "The current system works well for us, and we have a lot of respect for the Queen." Morrison's comments come as a surprise to many, as the opposition party has traditionally been in support of a republic. However, Morrison has expressed a desire to maintain the status quo, arguing that the current system has served Australia well. On the other hand, Gillard has been a long-time supporter of the republican movement in Australia. She has called for a national vote on the issue, stating that "it's time for us to take the next step in our history and become a truly independent nation." Gillard's push for a republic has garnered support from a number of high-profile Australians, including former Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull and former Australian of the Year, Peter Cosgrove. Despite this, the issue remains a divisive one in the country. A recent poll conducted by the Australian National University found that only 44% of Australians support a republic, with 45% in favour of maintaining the monarchy. Given the current political landscape, it remains to be seen whether Australia will indeed become a republic in the years to come. However, one thing is clear – the issue will continue to be a topic of much debate and discussion in the country.