article: By . Daily Mail Reporters . PUBLISHED: . 17:30 EST, 16 November 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 17:30 EST, 16 November 2013 . The leader of a U.S. Army small-kill team has been charged with two counts of murder for allegedly killing two deaf, unarmed Iraqi boys in a small Iraqi village in March of 2007. Former Staff Sergeant Michael Barbera has been charged by military prosecutors in the fatal shootings of  Ahmad Khalid al-Timmimi, 15, and his brother Abbas, 14, as the boys were tending cattle in a palm grove just outside As Sadah, about 50 miles northeast of Baghdad. Additionally, the 31-year-old Barbera 'lying to his commanders, directing fellow soldiers to lie to military . investigators and making a threatening phone call to a civilian in an . effort to keep what happened from becoming public,' according to a report from the Pittsburgh Tribune-Review. Killer: Authorities say Sergeant Michael Barbera fatally shot two unarmed, deaf Iraqi boys in 2007 . Barbera led Charlie Troop, 5th Squadron of the 73rd Airborne Reconnaissance Regiment out of Fort Bragg, North Carolina. At the time of the alleged murders, the squadron was involved in counterinsurgency operations in the Diyala province. That's when military officials say Barbera fatally shot the two boys before lying to his superiors about how they died. 'None of us feel good about this. But I'm glad that the Army is . doing the right thing,' Ken Katter, 46, of Saginaw, Mich., the . sniper assigned to Barbera's team, told the paper. 'Leader': Barbera led a small-kill team in the Army's 73rd Airborne Reconnaissance Regiment when the alleged murders took place . Katter is one of several soldiers who brought the killings to the attention of Army officials. Katter firmly believes that the shootings led to two truck bomb attacks two weeks later that killed 10 soldiers. According to the Trib, investigators who reviewed the case recommended that Barbera be charged with two counts of murder. However, those charges never made it to an Article 32 hearing. Instead, the paper reports, Barbera received a light reprimand and ultimately promoted. However, whistle-blowers like Katter and others spoke up against their former superior officer. 'All we ever asked was for someone to listen to us and give what we were concerned about — a fair hearing,' Katter said. Barbera was charged on Wednesday at Alaska's Fort Richardson with two counts of murder. He currently is in the process of being moved to Joint Base Lewis-McChord near Tacoma, Washington, where he will undergo a formal arraignment.
highlights: Sergeant Michael Barbera allegedly fatally shot the two boys as they tended cattle in a palm grove . Authorities say Barbera then tried to cover up the shootings by lying to superiors .
id: 11a1f3592f501750a12c4f9a3770562ea89d2b61
chatgpt: An ex-Marine from California, who was working as a contractor in Iraq, has been charged in the murder of two young boys, who were tending cattle in a grove. Sergeant Michael Barbera was indicted on two counts of murder, two counts of obstruction of justice, and two counts of making false statements to the authorities, according to a statement released Monday on the website of the US Department of Justice. The incident took place in March 2007, when Barbera was working as a private security contractor for a US firm operating in Iraq. According to court documents, Barbera allegedly shot and killed the two boys, aged 16 and 11, while they were working in a palm grove, about 150 miles north of Baghdad. He then reportedly covered up the killings by lying to his superiors. The indictment alleges that Barbera falsely claimed that he fired in self-defense after being attacked by a group of armed men. He also allegedly tried to dispose of evidence by hiding the murder weapons and fabricating evidence to support his story. The boys' families have called for justice, saying that they have waited for years to find out what really happened to their loved ones. "We've been waiting for justice, and now we're finally getting it," said one family member. Barbera, who is now 35 years old, faces up to life in prison if convicted of the murder charges. The case highlights the issue of private security contractors operating in war zones. These contractors have been accused of killing civilians and committing other abuses, sometimes with impunity. In recent years, there have been calls for greater oversight and accountability for private contractors, particularly in war zones. The US government has been criticized for the use of private contractors, who have been accused of committing human rights abuses and other crimes in Iraq and Afghanistan. Although the US has taken steps to improve oversight of these contractors, abuses continue to occur. The case is being prosecuted by the US Department of Justice's National Security Division, with assistance from the FBI and the US Army Criminal Investigation Command. A trial date has not yet been set.