article: Self-confessed adrenaline junkie great-grandmother Nora Brier celebrated her 100th birthday by doing a loop-the-loop in a glider, saying she 'loved every minute of it'. Former nurse Nora had previously enjoyed going up in a glider, which inspired her daughters Kay Draper, 58, and Sonya Long, 52, to arrange the surprise flight at Wattisham Airfield in Suffolk. Nora, from Hopton, Suffolk, took two eight-minute flights, getting a chance to control the aircraft on the first time up and with a pilot showing her an entire new angle on the world from 11,000ft with a loop-the-loop on the second. Scroll down for video . Nora Brier celebrated her 100th birthday with a loop-the-loop in a glider in Suffolk . Nora took two flights at Wattisham Airfield in Suffolk, first controlling the craft and then doing a loop-the-loop . 'I'm so grateful to my daughters who got it all planned for me,' she said. 'I'd been in a glider several years ago and they knew I liked that sort of thing so thought it would be a good gift. 'I wasn't nervous at all, I really enjoyed it. Although I had no idea it was going to be any different to before so I was really shocked when I did a loop-the-loop. 'I would say I am a bit of an adrenaline junkie, I always look forward to my birthdays where I get to do something a bit different.' For Nora's 95th birthday she went on the back of a Harley Davidson motorbike while on her 80th she took a hot air balloon ride - she's also flown in a microlight and a helicopter. Nora's two daughters, Kay Draper and Sonya Long, gave her two eight-minute flights as a surprise present . Nora, a former nurse from Hopton in Suffolk, says she is 'a bit of an adrenaline junkie' Daughter Kay, a glider pilot herself who works as an occupational therapist, said the loss of her second husband Tom Brier, who died at the age of 78 in 1982 with emphysema, contributed to  Nora becoming the adrenaline junkie she is now. Nora's first husband died in a Japanese prison camp during World War II in 1943. 'She spent many years looking after [Tom],' said Kay. 'She was always very very busy when we were younger and I suppose it was only after all of that her horizons opened up and she had time for herself. 'She is completely fearless and that had a wonderful influence on us growing up. 'I took her flying in a glider once and she really liked it and I thought her 100th birthday would be a great time for her to do it again. 'She asked me if she could paraglide with the Red Kites but I told her a line had to be drawn somewhere and it wouldn't be sensible at her age. But she would do it all if she could.'
highlights: Nora Brier celebrated her 100th birthday with a loop-the-loop in a glider . The centenarian was given two eight-minute flights by her two daughters . The first she controlled the glider, the second a pilot did a loop-the-loop . The former nurse said: 'I wasn't nervous at all, I really enjoyed it' Nora said she now wanted to go paragliding with the Red Kites .
id: 7193267cbfdf57749b84338b45afee89b3a58d1a
chatgpt: Nora Brier, a former nurse, recently celebrated her 100th birthday in a unique way. Instead of the usual cake and cards, Nora and her family decided to celebrate with a thrilling experience that she will never forget. Nora was given a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to go gliding in a specially designed glider. Her two daughters arranged for her to have not just one, but two eight-minute flights in the glider. On the first flight, Nora was given control of the glider and was able to fly it herself. On the second flight, Nora was taken on a loop-the-loop ride by a professional pilot. Despite her age, Nora was not nervous at all during her flights. In fact, she enjoyed every moment of it. She said she felt incredibly fortunate to have been given such a unique experience as part of her 100th birthday celebrations. After her experience in the glider, Nora is now looking forward to her next adventure. She has expressed an interest in going paragliding with the Red Kites. Nora's daughters say they are already planning their mother's next adventure, although they confess they may have some difficulty coming up with something that will top her glider ride. Nora's loved ones say that her adventurous spirit is one of the things that makes her so special. Friends and family describe her as a woman who has lived an incredibly full life, always willing to try new things and never shying away from a challenge. Nora's adventurous spirit can be seen in her life story. Born in the UK in 1921, she trained as a nurse before serving during World War II. She married her husband in 1946, and together they built a life filled with family, travel, and adventure. Nora's husband passed away in 1998, but she continued to live a fulfilling life, traveling extensively throughout Europe and even making several trips to Australia to visit family. Nora's love for life and her positive attitude continue to inspire those around her. Her adventurous spirit has not diminished with age, and she remains committed to living life to the fullest. As Nora celebrates her 100th birthday, her loved ones say they are grateful to have her in their lives. They describe her as a loving mother, grandmother, and friend, and they are in awe of her indomitable spirit. Nora's gliding experience may have been a once-in-a-lifetime adventure, but her loved ones say they have no doubt she will continue to find new and exciting ways to enjoy life as she enters her second century. In conclusion, Nora Brier celebrated her 100th birthday in a unique and exciting way, taking to the skies in a glider. Her adventurous spirit and positive outlook on life have made her an inspiration to those around her. With plans to go paragliding in the future, Nora's loved ones say they can't wait to see what adventures she has in store next.