article: Los Angeles, California (CNN) -- Britney Spears accused a former bodyguard of trying to "make a name for himself" by suing her for sexual harassment. Fernando Flores, who worked for the pop star earlier this year, filed a lawsuit in Los Angeles Wednesday claiming Spears intentionally inflicted emotional distress on him. The lawsuit claims Spears made "repeated unwanted sexual advances" on Flores, had "vigorous" sex in front of him and near her two children and violently argued with her boyfriend. A statement posted on Spears' website said the suit was "another unfortunate situation where someone is trying to take advantage of the Spears family and make a name for himself." Spears said the California Department of Children and Family Services already investigated the accusations and closed the case without any action. "Ms. Spears and her attorneys have every expectation that this matter will be dismissed by the courts," her statement said . The filing said the harassment began after Flores was hired as a guard at her Calabasas, California home last February by Advanced Security Concepts Corporation. Spears made "repeated unwanted sexual advances to Plaintiff, summoning Plaintiff to her room at her residence for no other purpose or reason that to expose her naked or near naked body to Plaintiff," the suit claimed. Flores was "shocked and disgusted by the incident," it said. When he reported it to his supervisor, Flores was told "You know you liked it," and his complaints were "ignored or mocked," it said. Spears allegedly "engaged in numerous sex acts in front of Plaintiff, including but not limited to sexual intercourse." The suit detailed an alleged incident at a California hotel where Flores heard Spears "loudly having sexual relations while her two children were in the suite with her." Flores claimed he saw Spears "having vigorous sexual relations" when he entered her home on two occasions. He also said he witnessed "violent quarrels with her boyfriend" while her children present. Flores claimed he was "humiliated and traumatized" when Spears cursed and threatened to fire him because he was unable to purchase her a frozen "slurpee" at a Hollywood movie theater.
highlights: A former bodyguard says he was "humiliated and traumatized" by Spears . Flores says his supervisors "ignored or mocked" his complaints . Spears says state officials have already cleared her on the child accusations .
id: 121590cc3dcf787e197a1f0815cec845d815b2cb
chatgpt: Former bodyguard Fernando Flores is speaking out about his experiences working for Britney Spears. In an exclusive interview with The Daily Mail, Flores claims he was "humiliated and traumatized" by the pop star during his time as her bodyguard. Flores alleges that Spears made sexual advances towards him on several occasions, including exposing herself to him while he was doing laundry at her home. He claims that Spears also repeatedly propositioned him for sex, and that he felt uncomfortable and scared around her. Flores says he reported the alleged incidents to his supervisors, but that they "ignored or mocked" his complaints. He eventually quit his job after six months of working for Spears. In response to Flores' claims, Spears issued a statement through her lawyer, saying that state officials in California had already cleared her of any wrongdoing regarding allegations of child abuse made by Flores in 2010. "Mr. Flores' absurd allegations were thoroughly investigated by authorities at the time and shown to be completely false," the statement read. "We will not dignify these accusations with any further response." The allegations made by Flores come amid ongoing controversy surrounding Spears' conservatorship. The pop star has been under a legal guardianship since 2008, a decision made following her high-profile breakdown. In recent years, however, fans have begun to question the necessity of the conservatorship, and the #FreeBritney movement has gained widespread attention. Spears herself has spoken out against the conservatorship, calling it "abusive" and saying that she wants it to end. She has also accused her father, who serves as her co-conservator, of controlling her life and finances. The situation has led to renewed interest in Spears' past behavior and treatment of those around her. The claims made by Flores add another layer to the ongoing controversy and are sure to spark further discussion and debate about the pop star's life and career.