article: By . Graham Poll . PUBLISHED: . 04:45 EST, 30 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 08:28 EST, 30 December 2013 . Reputations count for so much in football and Howard Webb will appreciate that when he reads reviews of Sunday's Chelsea v Liverpool game. When refereeing appointments are made the tenet 'big names for big games' is used and the key to these matches is getting the big decisions right. At Stamford Bridge Webb failed to make the right call too many times despite being in excellent positions to see incidents clearly. Man in the middle: Howard Webb was in charge of Chelsea against Liverpool but he got a few decisions wrong - like failing to send off Oscar (left) and Lucas (sitting down) when the two Brazilians clashed late on . Crunch: Oscar went flying into Liverpool midfielder Lucas at Stamford Bridge . Get a grip: Lucas let Oscar know he wasn't happy with the challenge and grabbed his opponent by the neck . THE KEY INCIDENTS . Contact: Eto'o clipped Liverpool striker Luis Suarez and brought him down in the penalty area . Going down: Suarez hit the deck after he was caught by Eto'o during Chelsea's victory over Liverpool . Ref justice: Suarez was fuming when Webb did not give a penalty for Eto'o's trip on the Liverpool star . Analysis of these incidents points to a poor performance by England’s leading referee but neither manager condemned him which supports Pierluigi Collina’s view of what makes a great man in the middle. The Italian says that an official has a great reputation if he has earned the right to be regarded as a good referee who has made poor decisions rather than a poor referee. That Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers wrongly attacked the referee after Liverpool’s previous game and Chelsea chief Jose Mourinho won the Champions League final when Webb was in charge will have helped. But Webb will still not enjoy reviewing the game. Welcome to Chelsea: Samuel Eto'o's high tackle on Jordan Henderson happened early on . Another one slips through: Webb did not send Eto'o off for his nasty challenge on Reds midfielder Henderson . We are the halfway point of the season and Webb has refereed on 16 of the 19 Premier League rounds of fixtures, more than any other ref. He is yet to award a penalty or send a player off in the top division despite having plenty of opportunities to do both. It could be that World Cup selection is affecting him and he is perhaps trying to avoid controversy in the build-up to Brazil 2014 - the list of referees for the tournament will be announced in May. Referees believe that you are remembered for decisions you make and not those you ‘miss’. That is only true for a limited period, as is a reputation for being a great referee. Webb now needs to review his approach and prove one last tenet – form is temporary, class is permanent.
highlights: Howard Webb should have sent off Samuel Eto'o, Lucas and Oscar . The ref should also have given Liverpool's Luis Suarez a penalty . Webb hopes to be selected to referee at next summer's World Cup in Brazil . He has refereed more Premier League games than any other official this season without showing a red card or giving a penalty . Samuel Eto’o should have been dismissed for a shocking, high, studs-up challenge on Jordan Henderson after just two minutes. Chelsea should have been awarded a penalty when Lucas tripped Eden Hazard – despite Hazard moving his leg towards Lucas to ensure contact. When John Terry appeared to climb on Luis Suarez there were loud penalty appeals and Webb was for once not well positioned and waved them away. This time he was right as Suarez caused the contact by backing in. Liverpool should have had a penalty when Eto’o inexplicably tripped Suarez. Oscar and Lucas should both have been dismissed in the final few minutes when the Chelsea midfielder committed a two-footed lunging tackle on his fellow Brazilian who reacted by grabbing him by the neck. Incredibly Webb, who saw the incident clearly, indicated for play to continue with the ‘advantage’ signal. He was forced to stop play as the fracas escalated and eventually Oscar was cautioned.
id: a74715ce04f6ebf840984ae6315a6e844ebe2e0d
chatgpt: Howard Webb, the most experienced referee in the Premier League this season, has come under scrutiny after several missed calls during the Chelsea vs Liverpool match. The match ended in a 2-1 victory for Chelsea, but it left many Liverpool fans questioning why Howard Webb failed to make several decisions that could have changed the outcome of the game. Firstly, Samuel Eto’o should have been sent off for his reckless challenge on Jordan Henderson, just two minutes into the game. Eto’o's high, studs-up tackle was an obvious red card offence and Liverpool's fans were left shocked to see the Cameroonian striker avoid punishment. Secondly, Chelsea should have been awarded a penalty when Lucas tripped Eden Hazard. Although Hazard moved his leg towards Lucas, it was clear from the replays that the Brazilian midfielder tripped him. Again, Howard Webb failed to make the right call, much to the dismay of the Chelsea fans. Thirdly, Webb did not give Liverpool a penalty when John Terry appeared to climb on Luis Suarez. However, this time, Howard Webb was correct in his decision as Suarez caused the contact by backing into Terry. Lastly, Liverpool should have had a penalty when Eto'o inexplicably tripped Suarez. Suarez was running towards goal and had the ball under control, but Eto'o's tripping challenge caused him to stumble and lose possession. It was an obvious foul, yet again, Webb failed to give the decision in Liverpool's favour. In the final few minutes of the game, there was another melee that left fans questioning Webb's refereeing. Lucas committed a dangerous two-footed tackle on Oscar, who reacted by grabbing him by the neck. Howard Webb saw the incident clearly, yet he indicated to play on with the ‘advantage’ signal. Eventually, he was forced to stop play as the fracas escalated, and Oscar was cautioned. Following the match, many fans and pundits criticised Webb for his poor performance. The missed decisions were particularly troubling given that Webb is a respected referee and has been selected to referee at the World Cup in Brazil next summer.  Webb has refereed more Premier League games than any other official this season without showing a red card or giving a penalty. However, this statistic is now being questioned, and many are calling for greater accountability for referees in the league. The Premier League has already come under fire for its lack of technology and support for referees. Webb's poor performance in the Chelsea vs Liverpool match highlights the need for greater investment in referee support and technology. Without this, referees will continue to make errors that could impact the outcome of games and affect team performance. In conclusion, Howard Webb's poor refereeing in the Chelsea vs Liverpool match has come under scrutiny. His failure to make several key decisions highlights the need for greater investment in referee support and technology in the Premier League. Fans and pundits alike will be watching to see how Howard Webb fares in the run-up to the World Cup in Brazil next summer.