article: Budapest, Hungary (CNN) -- Hungarian President Pal Schmitt resigned Monday, days after vowing he would not quit over allegations that he plagiarized parts of his doctoral dissertation. Protesters had called last week for him to step down over the accusation. "In this situation, when my personal issue splits my beloved country instead of uniting it, I feel it is my duty to end my service, and to resign," he told parliament Monday. Schmitt insisted Monday that his conscience was clear, repeating an assertion he made in an interview aired Friday on public access television station M1. He said Monday that he was prepared to go to court to prove that he was right. "I have written my thesis with my best knowledge I had at the time, and I never intended to plagiarize. However, I will accept the decision of the (University) Senate that has withdrawn my doctorate. But this has got nothing to do with me being a president," he said Friday. Schmitt, a former Olympic fencing champion, wrote his dissertation in 1992 for the University of Physical Education, which is now part of Semmelweis University in Budapest. In January 2012, the Hungarian HVG weekly reported that a large part of Schmitt's dissertation was copied. A university investigation also found that large parts of it were plagiarized. A committee said last week that more than 200 pages of the 215-page document showed "partial similarity" to other works or were direct translations. The university stripped the president of his doctorate Thursday. "Since the former candidate's doctoral dissertation is based on lengthy literal translations, it does not meet the professional and ethical criteria of the 'dissertation prepared using scientific methods' requirement for obtaining a university doctorate," the university's investigators said in a report. Prime Minister Viktor Orban said it was up to the president to decide what to do. "Nobody except him can decide," Orban said in a radio interview Friday. Schmitt was elected by the parliament for a five-year term in 2010. Germany's defense minister resigned last year in a similar scandal. Karl-Theodor Freiherr zu Guttenberg quit all political posts in March 2011, adding that he was "taking the step that I would expect others to take." CNN's Bharati Naik and Nadine Schmidt contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: Pal Schmitt says he is prepared to go to court to prove he is right . The president was stripped of his doctorate last week . He had insisted he wouldn't quit, saying his conscience was clear . Germany's defense minister resigned in a similar scandal last year .
id: 695f4bdba36265f7060c46b2094d693660a80650
chatgpt: In a stunning turn of events, Pal Schmitt, the President of Hungary, has announced that he is prepared to go to court to prove that he was in the right after being stripped of his doctorate last week. This move comes after Schmitt had initially stated that he would not resign from his post, insisting that his conscience was clear. Schmitt's doctorate was questioned after allegations of plagiarism were made against him. The issue was brought to light by Hungarian academics who had investigated the dissertation Schmitt had submitted for the award of his doctorate. The investigation found that large portions of Schmitt's dissertation were copied from other sources without proper attribution. The revocation of Schmitt's doctorate has been seen as a major blow to his credibility as President. He was elected to the post in 2010, and his presidency has been controversial from the outset. Schmitt's critics have accused him of being a puppet of the ruling Fidesz party, and his handling of various national issues has been criticized as being heavy-handed and authoritarian. The potential court case that Schmitt has threatened to bring against the revocation of his doctorate could have serious implications for his presidency, which is already facing mounting pressure from opposition groups. In some ways, this situation bears similarities to a similar scandal that rocked the German government last year, when the country's defense minister resigned after it emerged that he had plagiarized large portions of his doctoral thesis. Given the parallels between these two situations, many observers have been drawing comparisons between the two cases. However, it remains to be seen whether Schmitt will be able to fight his case successfully in court, and whether his presidency will be able to survive the controversy that has arisen as a result of this scandal. Regardless of how this situation ultimately plays out, the saga of Pal Schmitt's doctorate revocation has grabbed international attention and generated significant controversy in Hungary. As the country prepares for elections later this year, it is clear that this issue will continue to be a matter of intense political debate and scrutiny. The stakes are high for Schmitt, his presidency, and the future of Hungary.