article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 05:41 EST, 10 March 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 06:16 EST, 10 March 2014 . Residents in California were shaken by a powerful magnitude-6.9 earthquake late last night. The earthquake took place off the coast of Northern California, but there were no immediate reports of injury or damage and no danger of a tsunami, officials said. The tremor was just 0.1 off the magnitude classified as a major earthquake which causes serious damage. A shake map released by the US Geological Survey shows the location and the intensity of the 6.9 Richter scale earthquake 50 miles west of the city of Eureka in California. No immediate damage or tsunami alerts have been reported. It struck at 10:18 p.m. PDT and was centered 50 miles west of the city of Eureka. According to the U.S. Geological Survey, the earthquake's epicenter was four miles beneath the Pacific seabed. It was followed by about a half-dozen aftershocks, including one of magnitude 4.6. There were no reports of any damage or injuries though the quake was felt widely and strongly, according sheriff's and fire officials in Humboldt County, which includes most of the populated areas near the epicenter. The National Tsunami Warning Center said there was no tsunami danger for the region. More than 1,000 people reported on the U.S. Geographical Survey website (USGS) that they felt the quake. Many reported a long, rolling shake that some said woke children or knocked items off shelves. Some of those respondents live across the border in Oregon. According to the U.S. Geological Survey, the earthquake's epicenter was four miles beneath the Pacific seabed. It was followed by about a half-dozen aftershocks, including one of magnitude 4.6 . There were no reports of any damage or injuries though the quake was felt widely and strongly, according sheriff's and fire officials in Humboldt County, which includes most of the populated areas near the epicenter . Jana Pursley, a geophysicist with the . National Earthquake Information Center, said that based on the area's . tectonics and past temblors, damages or casualties were unlikely. Earthquakes . are very common in Eureka, a city of about 27,000 people about 270 . miles northwest of San Francisco and 100 miles south of the Oregon state . line. Nearby Arcata is home to about 17,000 people and Humboldt State University. The area had a magnitude-5.6 earthquake in February, 2012 that did not cause serious damages or injuries. An . offshore magnitude-6.5 quake struck in 2010 and caused bumps and cuts . among residents and broken glass in some buildings, but it was some 25 . miles closer to land than Sunday night's quake. Earthquakes are very common in Eureka, a city of about 27,000 people about 270 miles northwest of San Francisco and 100 miles south of the Oregon state line .
highlights: Struck at 10.18pm last night 50 miles of the coast of northern California. The 6.9 magnitude is just 0.1 off what is regarded as a major earthquake . No damage or injury has yet been reported . There is no tsunami danger in the region .
id: a0b16eb7a03863aa70ef491406f650cfc0fe5141
chatgpt: Last night, an earthquake with a magnitude of 6.9 struck off the coast of northern California at 10.18pm. Although just 0.1 off what is considered a major earthquake, there have been no reports of damage or injury thus far. Thankfully, there is no danger of a tsunami in the region. The earthquake occurred around 50 miles off the coast, causing some concern among residents in the area. While earthquakes are not uncommon in California, this one was still enough to make many people nervous. Thankfully, the quake was not severe enough to cause any significant damage. As soon as news of the earthquake broke, people took to social media to express their thoughts and feelings. Many residents were grateful that the earthquake had not caused any major damage or injuries. Some even joked about Californians being so used to earthquakes that they barely even notice them anymore. However, despite the lack of damage, the earthquake serves as a reminder of the importance of being prepared for emergencies. Even a seemingly minor earthquake can cause significant damage if proper precautions are not taken. In the hours following the earthquake, experts have been working to assess the damage and determine if any further seismic activity is imminent. While there is always a risk of aftershocks after an earthquake, residents have been advised to go about their daily lives as usual. Fortunately, the lack of a tsunami threat has been a relief for many residents who live along the coast. Tsunamis can be incredibly destructive, and the lack of warning systems in some areas can make it difficult for people to prepare or evacuate in time. Despite the relatively minor nature of this earthquake, it serves as a reminder to residents of northern California that earthquakes can strike at any time. It is important for residents to take steps to prepare their homes, businesses, and families for emergencies, and to remain vigilant in the event of any seismic activity. As experts continue to assess the situation, residents can rest assured that assistance and support will be available if necessary. In the meantime, it is worth reflecting on the importance of being prepared for emergencies, and taking steps to ensure that we are ready for whatever challenges may come our way.