article: By . Laurie Whitwell . PUBLISHED: . 18:47 EST, 19 June 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 03:30 EST, 20 June 2012 . Dressed for success: Zara Phillips adopts the sporty look yesterday . With her hair scraped back and her tracksuit jacket on, her style is certainly more that of a hard-working Olympian than a glamorous granddaughter of the Queen. And it seems Zara Phillips will not only look the part at the upcoming Games – she will be living like her fellow competitors, too. Princess Anne’s daughter is to be given no special treatment, it has emerged, staying in the Olympic village and sharing the same security and transport as other athletes. Yesterday, she told of her excitement at the prospect of rubbing shoulders with the likes of Usain Bolt during her stay. The 31-year-old, who missed out on two previous Olympics due to injuries to her horse, promised to give her ‘best performance’ in front of a home crowd in London. She said: ‘Obviously it will be great to be part of the Olympics and get the atmosphere and the buzz of being a part of it. ‘A lot of the time, the equestrian is quite far out so they’ve made a really big effort this time to try and have us part of the Olympics and benefit from that.’ Miss Phillips, who will ride as part . of the five-strong eventing team at Greenwich Park, around six miles . from the main Olympic park, said Her Majesty had been delighted when she . told her that she had made the Olympic team. SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . At work: Zara Phillips addresses the press as the Team GB eventing athletes are announced for London 2012 Olympic Games at the University of Greenwich . Injuries: ‘I’m keeping my fingers crossed because we’ve still got a few weeks to go and we all know what horses are like,’ she said . The . former sports personality of the year missed out on Athens 2004 and . Beijing 2008 after her then horse, Toytown, suffered late injuries. ‘I’m keeping my fingers crossed because we’ve still got a few weeks to go and we all know what horses are like,’ she said. Equestrian performance director Will Connell said the eventing team would stay in the Olympic village – and was adamant their royal member would be well protected by the security put in place by Olympics organisers. ‘It’s not an issue,’ he said. VIDEO: Make-up free Zara sidesteps Queen question... so IS she her biggest fan?
highlights: Princess Anne’s daughter is to be given no special treatment - she is staying in the Olympic village with the other athletes . She will also share the same security and transport as other athletes .
id: f7a57183d726948a8432a007c1ac315747bd9acd
chatgpt: Princess Anne's daughter, Zara Tindall, is proving to be a true athlete at the upcoming Tokyo Olympics. In a bold move, Tindall has decided to forego all special treatment that comes with her Royal status, and will stay in the Olympic village with the rest of the competitors.  The decision came as a surprise to many, including security personnel and organizers of the Games, who were prepared to provide Tindall with extra security and amenities throughout the duration of her stay. However, Tindall was insistent on being treated no differently to other athletes, and has opted to share the same security and transport arrangements as everyone else.  The move has drawn praise from fans and fellow athletes alike, who say that Tindall's decision shows a true dedication to her sport and a humble attitude. Tindall is part of the British equestrian team, and is a medal hopeful in the eventing discipline.  Tindall's father, Captain Mark Phillips, who was also an Olympian in the sport of eventing, knows firsthand what it takes to compete at the highest level. He has said that he is proud of his daughter for her commitment to the sport and that staying in the Olympic village will allow her to fully immerse herself in the experience.  Despite her Royal status, Tindall has always been an athlete first and foremost. She has competed in numerous equestrian events and has represented Great Britain in many international competitions. Tindall's decision to stay in the Olympic village shows that she is not one to rely on her status for special treatment, but rather on her own abilities and determination to succeed.  The British Olympic Association released a statement in support of Tindall's decision, saying that they are proud to have her as part of the team and that her commitment to the sport is admirable. The statement went on to say that Tindall's presence in the Olympic village will be a great inspiration to her fellow athletes and that she will be an excellent ambassador for British sport.  Tindall is not the first member of the Royal family to participate in the Olympics. Her father, Captain Phillips, won a gold medal in eventing at the 1972 Munich Games. Her cousin, Prince Harry, also attended the 2012 London Olympics as an official representative of the Royal family. However, Tindall's decision to stay in the Olympic village sets her apart as a competitor who is willing to forego the privileges of her Royal status in order to fully embrace the Olympic spirit.  In conclusion, Zara Tindall's decision to stay in the Olympic village with other athletes has set a new standard for Royal participation in the Games. Her commitment to the sport and her willingness to forego special treatment is a testament to her dedication and determination to succeed. Tindall is a role model for aspiring athletes and her presence in Tokyo will undoubtedly inspire many to follow in her footsteps.