article: United Nations (CNN) -- The United Nations estimates more than a billion dollars damage from the Pakistan flooding. In a phone conference to reporters in New York Friday, the United Nations Humanitarian Coordinator in Pakistan said the cost to rebuild the affected parts of the country "has to be measured in terms of hundreds of millions of dollars, if not more than a billion." Martin Mogwanja, the UN's coordinator in Islamabad, Pakistan, said, "There is going to be a tremendous cost in terms of repairing roads, bridges, telecommunications and electricity infrastructure," and most importantly, the farming and irrigation infrastructure. The United Nations is preparing an initial flood emergency response plan to address the immediate needs of Pakistan and the affected population, he said. Mogwanja said the response will cover 90 days initially and "will address the most pressing needs in the area of food security, health care, sanitation and shelter." The U.N. plan and a flash appeal for funding will be introduced to the international community in the near future, he said. "An estimated 1,400 people have been killed by the flood waters so far, but this number may rise as new bodies may be found," said Mogwanja. The terrain is so waterlogged that many families can't bury their loved ones at traditional burial grounds. Some people are traveling to higher ground to conduct burials, and others are waiting for family members and the appropriate time, Mogwanja said. "It is indeed, a very, very sad occasion," he said. "More than 250,000 homes have been badly damaged or destroyed, leaving at least 1.5 million people homeless," said Mogwanja. To help combat homelessness, the Office of the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees has provided more than 11,000 tents. Pakistan has reported that at least 12 million people are affected by the flood but Mogwanja said only 4 million have been affected and that the estimate could rise. "These estimates that we are providing are based upon the figures that we are receiving from the disaster management authorities in different provinces," Mogwanja said. He said monsoon season could last two to four weeks and that the United Nations and its partners have been providing emergency assistance since the start of the flood. The priorities which have been provided for so far include: 500 metric tons of food from the World Food Programme, clean drinking water from UNICEF to more than 700,000 people, and 40 cholera kits from the World Health Organization to health centers in Pakistan. "However, this is only a small fraction of what is required, given the scale of this disaster and also its geographic scope, spreading across the poor, large provinces of the country," Mogwanja said.
highlights: U.N. estimates more than a billion dollars damage from the Pakistan flooding . U.N. preparing initial flood emergency response plan to address the immediate needs . U.N. estimates 1,400 people killed by the flood waters so far, but says number may rise .
id: f6689a3900489071bb21319c6354bee4c7a0b3c2
chatgpt: The United Nations has estimated that the recent flooding in Pakistan has caused more than a billion dollars worth of damage. The destruction and devastation caused by the flood waters have led the U.N. to prepare an initial emergency response plan to address the immediate needs of those affected by the disaster. According to the U.N., the flooding has already claimed the lives of approximately 1,400 people. However, the organization warns that this number may rise as the flood waters continue to ravage the region. The U.N. has expressed its concern for the safety and well-being of the countless individuals who have been displaced from their homes due to the floods. In addition to the immediate danger posed by the disaster, the U.N. has also expressed its concern about the long-term effects of the floods. The organization warns that the destruction caused by the floods has the potential to have a significant impact on the agricultural sector, destabilizing an already fragile economy. In order to address the immediate needs of those affected by the floods, the U.N. has developed an emergency response plan. The plan focuses predominantly on providing humanitarian aid to those who have been impacted by the disaster. This aid includes providing clean water, food, and shelter to those who have been forced to flee their homes. In addition to providing immediate aid, the U.N. has also emphasized the importance of reconstruction efforts to support the long-term recovery of the region. The organization is working with local authorities and other aid agencies to develop a comprehensive plan to rebuild the infrastructure destroyed by the floods. The flooding in Pakistan has been described as some of the worst in the country's history, with entire communities being submerged under water. The U.N. has called on the international community to lend its assistance to the relief effort, pledging to work closely with other aid agencies to ensure the effective delivery of aid to those in need. The U.N.'s warning about the potential long-term impact of the floods on the economy of the region highlights the importance of supporting the reconstruction effort. Without international aid and support, it is likely that many of the communities impacted by the floods will struggle to recover. As the flood waters continue to wreak havoc in Pakistan, the U.N. remains committed to providing aid and support to those affected by the disaster. Its initial emergency response plan and ongoing efforts to provide humanitarian aid and support for reconstruction will be critical in helping communities affected by the floods to recover and rebuild.