article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 03:58 EST, 7 February 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 09:21 EST, 7 February 2013 . Announcement: The changes came as new CEO Anthony Jenkins prepares to unveil an overhaul of the British banking giant . Barclays Capital is to axe 275 employees at three offices in New York, it was revealed today. The investment bank disclosed the plans to the Department of Labour, which posted the details on its website. Barclays says the layoffs will take place during a 14-day period beginning May 15. The company listed economic factors as the reason for the layoffs. Yesterday, it filed a notice with the . state that it was eliminating 275 staffers at its Manhattan offices at . 200 Park Ave., 745 Seventh Ave. and 1301 Avenue of the Americas. Barclays Capital is the investment banking division of Barclays PLC. In October, Barclays PLC reported a net loss of £200 million (322 million dollars) for the third quarter. The changes came as new CEO Anthony Jenkins prepares to unveil an overhaul of the British banking giant next Tuesday. He is expected to provide more details on his revamp when the firm reports its fourth-quarter earnings on Feb. 12. Grim: Barclays Capital says it plans to lay off 275 employees at three offices in New York . Last week Jenkins has told staff to sign up to its new caring, sharing values – or quit. Jenkins, who is on a crusade to clean up the bank’s sullied reputation, warned there is ‘no place’ at Barclays for those who do not ‘fully buy in’ to its ‘new purpose and values’. In an impassioned memo to his 140,000 employees, he admitted that banking had ‘lost its way’ and become ‘too aggressive’. He laid out plans to link bonuses to ethical behaviour rather than short term profits, promising: ‘We must never again be in a position of rewarding people for making the bank money in a way which is unethical or inconsistent with our values’. Critics complained about delays in introducing the new system and described it as ‘shocking’  that Barclays does not already subscribe to these basic standards and has to tell staff how to behave. He told staff the bank’s core values will be ‘respect, integrity, service, excellence and stewardship’. Some 1,000 managers will be trained over the next few weeks so they can instil these values in their staff. In the summer, a new ‘performance assessment approach’ will be introduced for senior employees, and will be used to measure 2013 bonuses. The system will be rolled out for all employees over the following 12 months. Criteria are likely to include feedback from customers. Jenkins warned staff who fail to ‘fully buy in to’ the new approach: ‘My message to those people is simple: Barclays is not the place for you.’
highlights: Barclays says the layoffs will take place beginning May . The company listed economic factors as the reason for the layoffs .
id: d791899eb2d2cd2574b37f3187df75a35627bc57
chatgpt: Barclays, the British multinational investment bank and financial services company, has announced plans to lay off an unspecified number of employees starting from May. According to the company, the layoffs are directly linked to current economic factors and are intended to streamline operations. Barclays, like many other financial institutions, has been impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic and subsequent global economic downturn. In response, the company has reportedly been exploring ways to cut costs and increase efficiency. Layoffs are now a part of that plan, although exact numbers and locations have not been released. "While no layoffs are ever easy or painless, the current economic conditions have left us with little choice," said Barclays CEO, Jes Staley, in a statement. "We remain committed to ensuring the long-term sustainability of our business and will be undertaking these layoffs as part of a broader effort to streamline our operations and cut costs." The announcement by Barclays comes on the heels of similar layoffs at other major financial institutions, including Deutsche Bank and HSBC, both of whom have announced plans to cut thousands of jobs. These moves underscore the pressures facing the banking sector as interest rates remain low and global economic growth slows. Barclays, which reported a net income of £2.06bn in the first quarter of 2019, has been hit by the economic slowdown, which has reduced demand for its products and services. The company's management hopes that the layoffs will help the bank save money during this tough period. The exact number of employees affected by the layoffs is unclear, but the bank has said that it will work with impacted employees to provide support during the transition period. Barclays has also stated that the cuts will not impact any of its business operations. "We recognize that this is a difficult time for our employees, and we are committed to making this process as smooth as possible," added Jes Staley. "We remain focused on delivering value to our shareholders and providing our clients with the best possible service." The announcement of employee layoffs at Barclays has been met with mixed reactions. Some analysts have praised the move, saying that it shows the bank is taking proactive steps to address the challenges it faces. Others are more critical, arguing that the bank could be doing more to protect its employees during this difficult period. Regardless, the layoffs are a clear sign that major financial institutions are feeling the pressure of the ongoing economic downturn. While some banks have been able to weather the storm, others are being forced to take drastic measures to stay afloat. The situation remains fluid, and analysts will be closely watching to see how other banks respond in the coming months.