article: By . Tamara Cohen, Political Correspondent . Bottles of wine should be labelled with cigarette-style warnings to alert shoppers to the risks of drinking too much, according to MPs. They said most Britons have a ‘low understanding’ of the health problems associated with alcohol, which contributes to cancer, heart disease and strokes, as well as liver disease. Tracey Crouch, Tory chairman of the All-Party Group on Alcohol Misuse, said it was time for ministers to impose standardised health warnings on beer, wine and spirits. Scroll down for video . Warnings: The government has recommended that wine bottles should carry a stark warning: 'Alcohol kills' They would be similar to labels on cigarette packets, with statements such as ‘Alcohol Kills’. However, she stopped short of recommending what she called ‘shock and awe’ tactics, similar to pictures on some packets of cigarettes showing diseased lungs. Miss Crouch said it was important that the warnings also contained the units and calorie content of the alcohol. Professional women, whose levels of drinking have risen sharply in recent years, might be put off to learn there are around 700 calories in a bottle of wine, she said. Last week the Mail reported that the Government’s health quango will tell Britons to avoid drinking alcohol on consecutive days. Danger: The message would be similar to that on cigarette packets, but the print could be smaller . Public Health England says a ‘one day on, one day off’ rule is needed because daily drinking is a key contributor to increased health risks. The MPs’ report out today says most drinkers do not know there can be up to 2.5 units of alcohol in a pint of high-strength beer, or as many as nine units in a bottle of wine. ‘Health warnings are a familiar and prominent feature on all tobacco products,’ the report says. ‘Likewise, detailed nutritional labelling is ubiquitous on food products and soft drinks. Yet consumer information on alcohol products usually extends no further than the volume strength and unit content. ‘In order to inform consumers about balanced risk, every alcohol label should include an evidence-based health warning as well as describing the product’s nutritional, calorific and alcohol content.’ Miss Crouch said the size and wording of labels would be up for debate. The powerful drinks industry would object to health warnings, she said, but lack of awareness was leading to ‘people regularly drinking far more than they should’. Although the label recommendation are still at the proposal stage, it will put further pressure on the Government to act. A Government spokesman said: ‘We are taking action to give people better information about the impact drinking can have on your health. ‘Through our Responsibility Deal, the drinks industry has committed to putting unit and health messages on 80 per cent of all bottles and cans.’
highlights: Parliamentary group on alcohol misuse said it was time to impose warnings . Tory chairman Tracey Crouch said message would be stark: 'Alcohol kills' But they stop short of 'shock and awe' tactics and text could be far smaller .
id: 9ebf0ae6884850f0f3ddda5d4afbd0e3eef9cb0f
chatgpt: A parliamentary group on alcohol misuse has recommended that alcohol products should carry warning labels in order to raise awareness of the potential health risks associated with excessive drinking. The group’s chairman, Conservative MP Tracey Crouch, said that the message on the labels would be “stark”: “Alcohol kills”. However, the group stopped short of recommending the use of “shock and awe” tactics, and suggested that the text on the labels could be small. The calls for warning labels come as part of a wider campaign to tackle the issue of alcohol misuse in the UK. According to the group, alcohol is responsible for more than 10,000 deaths per year in England alone, and costs the NHS over £3bn annually. The group has argued that warning labels could help to reduce this burden on the health service by encouraging people to drink more responsibly. However, the proposal has not been without controversy. Some critics have argued that warning labels will not have any significant impact on people’s drinking habits, and that the focus should be on more targeted measures such as minimum unit pricing or restrictions on advertising. Others have suggested that the warning labels could be counterproductive, as they may lead to consumers dismissing the risks associated with alcohol as exaggerated or irrelevant. Despite these concerns, the parliamentary group has remained steadfast in its support for warning labels. In a statement, Tracey Crouch said: “It is time for us to face up to the reality of the harm that alcohol can cause. We need to take proactive steps to ensure that people are aware of the potential risks, and warning labels are an important part of that.” She added that the wording of the labels would be carefully chosen to maximise their impact while avoiding any unnecessary scaremongering. The proposal has received support from a number of health organisations, including the Royal Society for Public Health and Alcohol Concern. However, it remains to be seen whether the government will take up the recommendation. In the past, attempts to introduce warning labels on alcohol products have faced resistance from the drinks industry, which has argued that they would be an unnecessary burden on businesses. Despite this opposition, there is growing evidence that warning labels could be effective in changing people’s attitudes towards alcohol. A recent study in Canada found that labels featuring health warnings and suggested daily limits led to a significant reduction in alcohol consumption among participants. Other countries, including the US and Australia, have already introduced warning labels on alcohol products. If the proposal is adopted, it is likely that warning labels will become a common sight on alcohol products across the UK in the coming years. Whether this will lead to a reduction in alcohol-related harm remains to be seen, but it is clear that the government is starting to take the issue seriously. With more and more people suffering the health consequences of alcohol misuse, it is clear that something needs to be done. Warning labels may be just one small step, but they could be an important one in the fight against excessive drinking.