article: (CNN) -- The lawyer for Bryan Stow, the San Francisco Giants fan severely beaten at a Los Angeles Dodgers game in 2011, argued Thursday that the former owners of the Dodgers went cheap on safety, and that played a factor in his client's debilitating injuries. The attorney for former Dodgers owner Frank McCourt, meanwhile, countered by claiming Stow was drunk and aggressive at the time of the brawl that left Stow brain-damaged and disabled. So went the opening remarks at a civil trial in which Stow is suing the Dodgers and claiming the team had faulty security measure and defective facilities that contributed to the attack. Stow, who uses a wheelchair and lives with his parents in Capitola, California, wasn't in the courtroom, located two miles from Dodgers Stadium. Stow's attorney's, Thomas Girardi, told a jury that McCourt had an irresponsible approach to fan safety. "(He) got rid of uniformed officers in (Dodger Stadium) because it was cheaper," said Thomas Girardi in his opening statement. Girardi argued that under McCourt, the Dodgers dropped the number of uniformed security officers from 120 in 2009 to 19 in 2011. Girardi said Stow's lawsuit is not against the current Dodger organization and its management group that includes NBA legend Magic Johnson. But the lawyer for McCourt and his former Dodgers management argued his clients acted reasonably, and called Stow intoxicated and aggressive before the assault. Stow's blood alcohol level was at least 0.16, which is twice the legal threshold for DUI in California, attorney Dana Fox said. "This occurred due to a hot tempered, intoxicated flash firefight," attorney Fox told the jury. Fox argued the McCourt Dodgers spent a record $66,000 dollars on 2011 opening-day security against the rival Giants -- the day when Stow was severely beaten. Stow's mother, Elizabeth Stow, testified her son cannot walk or use the toilet unassisted. Stow wears adult diapers all day and a catheter at night, the mother said. "He just doesn't have the sense that he had to go to the bathroom right now," Stow's mother, a former church secretary, said. Stow takes what seems to be an alphabet-long list of prescription drugs daily, from Ambien to Xarelto, she said. He takes 27 to 28 medicines a day, she added. Fox said no one disputes that the two men now serving time for the savage attack caused Stow's injuries, and he emphasized that no one from the Dodgers organization assaulted the former paramedic. In February, Marvin Norwood, 33, and Louie Sanchez, 31, were sentenced to four years and eight years, respectively, for their roles in Stow's beating. Stow's lawyer argued Thursday that Norwood and Sanchez began swearing and throwing food at Giants' fans in the second inning of the 2011 game and should have been thrown out by stadium security then. The lawsuit seeks a total of $50 million, mostly to cover Stow's long-term medical costs, for him and his two children. Dad of severely beaten Giants fan calls two sentenced men 'cretins'
highlights: Giants fan Bryan Stow was beaten after opening-day game with the Dodgers in 2011 . Two fans face prison terms in the beating of Stow, who suffered brain damage . Stow is suing the Dodgers, claiming the team had faulty security measures and facilities . Opening statements begin in a courtroom just two miles from Dodger Stadium .
id: 6f353f887c2fd30a2d2a303bee17e028b747a75c
chatgpt: Opening statements have begun in a trial just two miles away from Dodger Stadium, where Bryan Stow, a San Francisco Giants fan, was viciously beaten after the opening-day game with the Dodgers in 2011. Two fans, Louie Sanchez and Marvin Norwood, are now facing prison terms for the attack that left Stow with permanent brain damage. During the trial, jurors will hear from witnesses, including friends of the defendants who reportedly saw them assault Stow, as well as medical experts who will testify about the severity of his injuries. The prosecution will also present evidence found on the defendants' phones, including photos of the them wearing clothing with Giants logos, allegedly taken the day of the beating. The trial is a crucial moment for Stow, who has been fighting to hold the Dodgers accountable for what he claims were faulty security measures and facilities. Stow filed a lawsuit against the team in 2014, and the case has become a focal point for concerns about fan safety in professional sports venues. In his lawsuit, Stow alleges that the Dodgers failed to adequately staff the game with security personnel, and neglected to provide proper lighting in the parking lot where the attack took place. He also claims that the team should have done more to prevent Sanchez and Norwood from consuming alcohol at the game, given their history of violent behavior. The Dodgers have denied any responsibility for Stow's injuries, and argue that he was partially at fault for the attack because he was intoxicated at the time. The team has also argued that Sanchez and Norwood's actions were unpredictable and not within the scope of what their security measures could have reasonably prevented. The trial is expected to last several weeks, and could potentially have major implications for sports venues around the country. If Stow is successful in his lawsuit, teams may be forced to reevaluate their security protocols and make changes to ensure the safety of fans. For Stow and his family, the trial is an opportunity to hold those responsible for the attack accountable, and to seek closure after years of physical and emotional trauma. Throughout the proceedings, they have been steadfast in their belief that the Dodgers could have done more to prevent the attack, and that they should be held responsible for their failure to do so. As the trial continues, the eyes of the sporting world will be on the courtroom just two miles from Dodger Stadium. For Stow and his supporters, the outcome of the case could represent a major step forward in the fight for fan safety, and a measure of justice for a man whose life has been forever changed by a single act of violence.