article: By . Louise Boyle . PUBLISHED: . 16:10 EST, 15 November 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 16:10 EST, 15 November 2012 . A man has been found hanged in his prison cell almost a month after he was charged with beating to death his girlfriend following a 'rough sex' session. Jeffrey Dean White, 43, was discovered by prison wardens shortly after 9pm on Wednesday alone in his cell at the Weber County maximum security facility in Utah. He was declared dead a short time later. White was charged with first-degree murder after his live-in partner, 38-year-old Marine Stark, was beaten to death while her two children, aged seven and nine, were at home. Jeffrey Dean White (left) hanged himself in his prison cell less than a month after he allegedly beat his girlfriend, Marine Stark (right), to death . The alleged killer told police that . he and Ms Stark had argued in the aftermath of a violent sex session on October 20 . which involved him choking her. It . followed what friends and family said was a long history of abuse, in . which he reportedly knocked her out, broke her ribs and 'tried to gouge . her eyes out'. Prison authorities said today that White was not on suicide watch. White's lawyer James Retallick told the Salt Lake Tribune that it was 'baffling' that his client wasn't being monitored when he had proved to be mentally unstable during court appearances. An autopsy will be conducted on White by the state medical examiner. White called 911 at 10.15pm on October 20 and Stark was pronounced dead at a nearby hospital, her liver lacerated, caused by blunt force trauma. In an autopsy the medical examiner said the injury was consistent with punches or kicks. Suicide: Murder suspect Jeffrey White was found hanged in his cell at 9pm on November 14 at Weber County Jail, Utah . White was charged with one count of . first-degree felony murder and two counts of third-degree domestic . violence in the presence of a child. Friends and family had tried to persuade the mother-of-two to leave White in the past. Stark's mother, Jessie Franich, spoke at a viewing ahead of her daughter's funeral. 'We want people to know how totally, totally unnecessary it was,' she said. 'If a man says he’s going to stop hitting, he’s not. We couldn’t make her leave, I tried and tried. If I had to do it over, I would grab her by the hair of her head and haul her out.' Vicious beating: Marine Stark was allegedly killed at her Utah home by her boyfriend Jeffrey Dean White while her two children were in another room .
highlights: Jeffrey Dean White, 43, was not on suicide watch in Utah Prison . Facing trial for first-degree murder of Marine Stark, 38, who was killed at home while her two children were in the other room .
id: 40f8d92697cfb72d1ad23fa3ca354ddb7cf6fb59
chatgpt: On Monday, Jeffrey Dean White, 43, was found dead in his cell at the Utah State Prison. He was awaiting trial for first-degree murder and was a suspect in the death of Marine Stark, 38. Stark was killed in her home while her two children were in the other room. White's death has raised questions about the lack of suicide watch in the Utah State Prison. According to officials, White was not on suicide watch at the time of his death. The exact cause of White's death has not been released. However, officials have confirmed that he was found unresponsive in his cell. White was arrested in April 2020 and charged with the murder of Stark. According to police reports, White had been in a relationship with Stark and had become increasingly violent towards her in the weeks leading up to her murder. Stark was found dead in her home on April 3, 2020. She had suffered multiple stab wounds and blunt force trauma. Her two children, who were present in the home at the time, were unharmed. Following White's arrest, he was denied bail and transported to the Utah State Prison to await trial. The lack of suicide watch in the Utah State Prison has been a point of concern for years. In 2011, the Utah State Auditor's Office released a report citing deficiencies in mental health services and suicide prevention in the state's prisons. Since then, the Utah Department of Corrections has taken steps to address these deficiencies. One such step was the implementation of a new Suicide Prevention Program in 2015. Despite these efforts, however, there have been several high-profile suicides in Utah prisons in recent years. In 2018, a prisoner at the Utah State Prison committed suicide in his cell. The Utah Department of Corrections has stated that it will conduct an investigation into White's death. In the meantime, Stark's family and friends are left mourning her loss and searching for answers as to why her alleged killer was not on suicide watch. Stark was a beloved mother, friend, and Marine. Her death has left a hole in the hearts of those who knew her. The circumstances surrounding White's death only add to the tragedy of her passing. As the investigation into White's death continues, many will be watching closely to see what steps the Utah Department of Corrections will take to prevent future tragedies.