article: By . Sarah Harris . PUBLISHED: . 16:12 EST, 16 August 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 17:21 EST, 16 August 2013 . Targets: UCL are aiming to reduce their proportion of students from private schools by 10 per cent in the next four years . Universities are unfairly favouring applicants from state schools, according to a private school leader. Barnaby Lenon, chairman of the Independent Schools Council (ICS), claimed it was ‘so wrong’ that institutions are asked to set targets on the numbers of state school and poorer youngsters they recruit. Many university modern language departments would ‘be forced to close’ if it were not for private school students, he insisted. A number of medicine, engineering, maths, classics and music departments also depend on these pupils. Mr Lenon said that many universities have ‘been persuaded’ by the Higher Education Statistics Agency to ‘target a reduction in the proportion of students coming from private schools’. University College London, for example, is aiming to decrease the proportion of students from private schools (currently 35 per cent) by ten per cent by 2017, he added. Writing in the Times Educational Supplement, he said: ‘One reason this is so wrong is that private schools now educate large numbers of bright students from lower-income backgrounds. ‘More than a third of our students are on reduced fees and many receive means-tested bursaries aimed at children from the lowest income homes. ‘When I started teaching 40 years ago, bursaries were unheard of and most scholarships went to children from wealthy homes. Today, much of that money has been diverted to means-tested bursaries.’ He added: ‘Another reason why the emphasis on independent/state school targets is so wrong is that it permits universities to claim they are doing their bit for social mobility when in fact they are simply taking more students from selective grammar schools and middle-class comprehensives. ‘The measure fails to identify the most disadvantaged children, in the most deprived areas, which is where the battle for improved social mobility really needs to be fought.’ 'Unfair': Chairman of Independent Schools Council Barnaby Lenon said university departments depend on private school students to keep running . The national A-level results for England, Wales and Northern Ireland, published on Thursday, showed that the proportion of A-level grades scoring an A* or A had fallen for the second year running as rising numbers of students opted for traditional subjects like science and maths. In total, 26.3 per cent of entries scored an A* or A , down from 26.6 per cent last year.
highlights: Chairman of Independent Schools Council said departments depend on private school students . UCL is aiming to decrease the proportion of private school students by 10 per cent in next four years .
id: d9b88e536dd943d5e5a629378dff627d115c5df0
chatgpt: The University College London (UCL) has recently announced its ambitious target to reduce the proportion of students from private schools by 10% in the next four years. This announcement comes after the Chairman of the Independent Schools Council, Barnaby Lenon, made some controversial remarks, claiming that many university departments across the UK depend on private school students. The Independent Schools Council represents more than 1,300 private schools in the UK, including some of the most elite institutions in the country. According to Lenon, these schools provide a significant proportion of the students enrolled in certain university departments, particularly those in traditional subjects such as English, history and classics. While Lenon's comments may be disputed by some, there is no denying that students from private schools are often perceived to have an advantage in the university admissions process due to their privilege and access to resources such as private tutors. But UCL's new plan aims to level the playing field by actively recruiting students from underrepresented backgrounds, particularly those from low-income families and state schools. According to the university's figures, around a third of its current undergraduate intake comes from private schools - a figure that has remained largely unchanged in recent years. The new initiative, which will be implemented over the next four years, will involve several measures aimed at diversifying the student population at UCL. These include increasing the number of unconditional offers for students from disadvantaged backgrounds, expanding its outreach programs to target schools in areas with historically low levels of university attendance, and investing more resources in supporting these students throughout their studies. UCL's Vice-Provost for Education and Student Affairs, Professor Anthony Smith, hailed the move as a positive step towards creating a more equitable and diverse university community. He said, "We believe that widening access to higher education is vital, not only to ensure the success of individuals but to ensure that society as a whole benefits from the skills, knowledge, and innovation that graduates can bring." However, the move has also garnered some backlash from those who fear that the focus on recruiting students from underprivileged backgrounds may result in a lowering of academic standards. Some critics have accused UCL of 'dumbing down' its admissions process in order to achieve its diversity targets. Despite these objections, UCL remains committed to its goal of creating a more diverse and representative student body. As the UK grapples with issues of social and economic inequality, initiatives like this may prove crucial in ensuring equal opportunities for all students, regardless of background or upbringing.