article: By . MailOnline Reporter . Former swimmer Rebecca Adlington has revealed taking part in I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here inspired her to lose weight in time for her wedding with Harry Needs. The 25-year-old, who won two gold medals at the 2008 Beijing Olympics and bronze at London 2012, decided to retire from professional swimming in February 2013. Adlington, who tied the knot with fellow swimmer Harry Needs at The Ashes, near Leek in Staffordshire, told Hello! magazine: ‘I lost nearly two stone in the jungle and perhaps another four or five pounds since then. So it was a great kick start, and I feel better for it. Rebecca Adlington, 25, married fellow swimmer Harry Needs at The Ashes, near Leek in Staffordshire . Adlington said that taking part in 'I’m A Celebrity' last year inspired her to get in shape . ‘But I don’t like it when people assume you’re really happy because you’re thin. I’m not suddenly confident because I have lost weight, I’m happy because I’m marrying the love of my life.’ In the lead up to the wedding, the former swimmer followed a Harley Street clinic’s weight loss and detox programme. And she capped it off by spending a week at the clinic’s French retreat, which costs up to £3,295 per person. She embarked on a strict programme of vegetable juices, daily yoga and meditation sessions and long walks in the countryside at a secluded chateau in Provence along with her friend, fellow retired swimmer Katherine Wyld. The former Olympic champion swimmer went on a strict weight loss programme in the lead up to the wedding . Adlington married fellow swimmer Harry Needs, and the couple live together in Stockport . Adlington celebrating her Olympic success (left) and (right) during her fun-filled hen do with friends where she wore a purple tutu . And she proved that it worked with her wedding pictures showing her looking slender in a Stewart Parvin dress. For the ceremony itself, Adlington, who won two golds at the Beijing Olympics in 2008 and two bronzes at London 2012, and Mr Needs, 22, wrote their own vows. And the groom was more nervous than the bride. ‘The ceremony was so personal, which was exactly what we wanted,’ Adlington said. ‘I love the fact Harry was in bits before I even reached him. I was a bit nervous in the car on the way here with my dad, but as soon as I walked in, my nerves melted and I relaxed.’Needs, who lives with his new bride in Stockport, said: ‘I compliment her every single day, because to me she is the most beautiful woman in the world.’
highlights: Rebecca Adlington married swimmer Harry Needs at The Ashes, near Leek . She said taking part in 'I'm A Celebrity' inspired her to get in shape . Adlington won two golds at the Beijing Olympics in 2008 .
id: 0524e3b356303e44cd90d74ca5a016fa4e59ffd8
chatgpt: Swimming legend Rebecca Adlington has tied the knot with her fellow swimmer Harry Needs in a romantic ceremony at The Ashes venue near Leek. The couple exchanged vows in front of family and friends, with Adlington looking stunning in a simple, elegant dress with a long train. Adlington, who won two gold medals at the 2008 Beijing Olympics, said that her participation in the hit reality show 'I'm A Celebrity' had inspired her to get in shape for her big day. The swimmer, who is a vocal advocate for body positivity, has previously spoken about struggling with her weight and appearance. Speaking to reporters at the wedding, Adlington said: "I'm thrilled to have married Harry in such a beautiful setting, surrounded by the people we love. Doing 'I'm A Celebrity' was a really life-changing experience for me. It made me realise that I wanted to get fit and healthy, and I'm so proud of how far I've come." Adlington, who retired from competitive swimming in 2013, has since become an ambassador for the sport and continues to inspire young people to take up swimming. She also works as a sports commentator and has appeared on several TV shows. Her husband, Harry Needs, is a competitive swimmer and swim coach who has previously worked with the British swimming team. The couple met in 2014 and got engaged the following year. In a touching tribute to her new husband, Adlington posted on Instagram: "I never believed in soulmates until I met you. Thank you for being my best friend, for making me laugh every day, and for being the man of my dreams. I can't wait to spend the rest of my life with you." The wedding was a star-studded affair, with several of Adlington's fellow Olympians in attendance. Among the guests were fellow swimmers Mark Foster and Claire Cashmore, who tweeted their congratulations to the newlyweds. Adlington and Needs are thought to be jetting off on honeymoon in the coming weeks, although they have yet to reveal their destination. Whatever their plans, there's no doubt that the couple will continue to inspire and support each other in all their endeavours, both inside and outside the swimming pool.