article: A Manhattan investment banker has resigned from his $7-million-a-year job after his estranged wife made explosive allegations about cocaine binges and forced group sex during their messy, bitter divorce and custody battle over their two daughters. Sage Kelly, who ran the profitable healthcare banking business for Jefferies Group, is stepping down to 'focus on his family,' Bloomberg reports. The sensational public claims by his estranged wife Christina Kelly led Jefferies Group to drug test the entire healthcare banking department. Bitter divorce: Sage Kelly has stepped down from his job - where he reportedly made $7million a year - after the shocking by his estranged wife Christina . The company even made reference to the scandal when releasing its quarterly earnings report on Tuesday - noting that 'unusual publicity' hadn't hurt business, according to Bloomberg. Mr Kelly, 42, has been on leave from the company since October when Mrs Kelly made shocking allegations in court documents that he coerced her to have sex with a prospective client after a night of heavy drinking and snorting cocaine. The raucous account of the night - which has been denied by Mr Kelly, as well as the other executive Mrs Kelly named - includes a drug-addled foursome in which the other executive's girlfriend showed off her new breast implants. The night ended with the Kellys partner swapping with the other executive and Mrs Kelly having sex with the prospective client, she claimed in her lawsuit. Mrs Kelly claims she felt coerced into having sex with the other executive that night - and played the dutiful wife in the hopes that it would win her husband a big client. Mr and Mrs Kelly agreed last month to share custody of their two daughter and settled the divorce for a massive sum . Mrs Kelly eventually sent out a statement praising her husband as a 'great father' and apologizing for the allegations she made . Mr Kelly had won full custody of the couple's two daughters after he showed a judge hidden camera footage of his wife doing cocaine and argued that she was an unfit parent. He also cited her 2010 crash and drunk driving arrest in the Hamptons in which one of the couple's daughters was in the back seat. That prompted Mrs Kelly, 39, fired back with a series of shocking charges against her husband. In addition to the alleged group sex, Mrs Kelly claimed that her husband had drug parties with major players from the New York banking world. She alleges he binged on drugs including: Molly, ketamine, magic mushrooms, ecstasy and heroin. Mr Kelly denied all allegations his wife made in the divorce proceedings. The two settled in November - a month after Mrs Kelly filed the explosive divorce claims - for a massive sum and agreed to split custody of .
highlights: Sage Kelly stepped down from Jefferies Group following showing allegations of drug abuse by estranged wife Christina Kelly . She claims he coerced her to have sex with a client following a night of heavy drinking and cocaine - as part of a partner-swapping foresome . Jefferies drug-tested the entire healthcare banking unit following the allegations . Kelly was paid $7million a year, according to divorce filings . Couple had bitter fight over custody of their two children . Divorce finally ended after massive settlement and agreement to share custody .
id: 9beb41a465dfad41053213fa755101a542599190
chatgpt: Sage Kelly, the former top banker at Jefferies Group, has stepped down from his position after allegations of drug abuse surfaced in court documents filed by his estranged wife, Christina Kelly. In addition to the allegations of drug abuse, Christina Kelly also claimed that her husband coerced her to have sex with a client after a night of heavy drinking and cocaine as part of a partner-swapping threesome. Jefferies Group responded quickly to the allegations by drug-testing the entire healthcare banking unit. The outcome of the drug test is unclear at this point. According to divorce filings, Sage Kelly was paid a whopping $7 million per year by Jefferies Group. The couple had a bitter fight over the custody of their two children. However, the divorce was finally settled after a massive settlement and an agreement to share custody. The allegations against Sage Kelly have stunned the financial industry. He was regarded as one of the most successful bankers on Wall Street, having built a highly profitable healthcare banking team at Jefferies Group. Kelly's resignation from Jefferies Group comes after a public and bitter divorce battle with his estranged wife, Christina Kelly. In the court filings, Christina Kelly claimed that her husband was a drug addict who had been using cocaine and other illegal substances for years. Sage Kelly has not responded publicly to the allegations, but his resignation from Jefferies Group is widely viewed as an acknowledgment of the severity of the allegations. The allegations against Sage Kelly highlight the growing problem of drug abuse in the financial industry. While there have been occasional scandals in the past, the prevalence of drug use among high-powered bankers and traders remains largely under the radar. The resignation of Sage Kelly from Jefferies Group is a stark reminder of the consequences of drug abuse in the financial industry. It is a wake-up call for Wall Street to take action to address this serious problem. The industry needs to do more to help employees cope with the stresses of the job and create a working environment that prioritizes the well-being of its employees. In conclusion, Sage Kelly's departure from Jefferies Group has sent shockwaves across the financial industry. The allegations of drug abuse and sexual misconduct raise questions about the culture of Wall Street and the pressures faced by those who work in the industry. It is a reminder that more needs to be done to address the problem of drug abuse in the financial industry and create a healthier and more supportive workplace for employees.