article: A senior World Rugby head-injuries expert has clashed with the RFU over the presentation of concussion data contained in their annual injury audit. RFU head of medicine Dr Simon Kemp this week published a report drawn up by a Bath University student - which showed reported concussions in professional Rugby Union had risen by more than 400 per cent in the last decade. Kemp, whose position was supported by Premier Rugby and the Rugby Players Association, claims the dramatic rise has been caused by increased awareness of a problem which was highlighted by the shambolic handling of George North’s double head injury in Wales’ RBS Six Nations opener against England. George North puts his hands on his knees and during Wales' 21-16 loss to England at the Millennium Stadium . North (bottom) is inadvertently kicked in the face by England second row Dave Attwood on Friday . But that view is strongly contested by Professor Willie Stewart, who sits on World Rugby’s concussion advisory panel. ‘The underlying trend over 10 years in professional rugby has seen a year-on-year increase in concussions,’ Stewart told the Mail on Sunday. ‘I do not believe this has anything to do with greater awareness of concussion. Instead, it reflects a steady rise in concussion rates over 10 years as on-field collisions have got bigger. ‘People are more aware because the problem is much greater than it ever used to be.’ Attempting to tackle England fullback Mike Brown (centre right), Hibbard's momentum also takes North . North lays poleaxed on the Millennium Stadium turf after the nasty-looking collision on Friday night . The Injury Surveillance Project - formerly known as the Injury Audit - found that 86 concussions were reported last season, a rise of almost 60 per cent from the 2012-13 season. Rugby’s concussion rate of 10.5 per 1000 hours compares to 2.5 in 2002 when Dr Kemp initiated the data project. Professional boxing has a concussion rate of 17.5 per 1000 hours and Dr Kemp admits rugby should brace itself for continued rises in future seasons. There was public outcry last weekend when Wales winger North was allowed to play on despite television replays appearing to show him knocked unconscious on two separate occasions against England. The 22-year-old (left), missing a tackle on Jonathan Joseph, saw his game suffer after the first head injury . North passed the controversial Head Injury Assessment after the first incident and was allowed to carry on playing following the second injury. ‘If North had been a boxer he would have been removed from the arena after his first concussion and taken for neurological assessment,’ said Stewart. ‘A brain-injured boxer would have stood down for a minimum 28 days. ‘I would say the level of brain injury in professional rugby has now become unacceptable,’ Stewart added.
highlights: Wales wing George North suffered two head injuries against England . RFU file showed reported concussions in professional Rugby Union had risen by more than 400 per cent in the last decade . Rugby’s concussion rate of 10.5 per 1000 hours compares to 2.5 in 2002 .
id: 4bdb8b789abdba2ccc9b308bd7217b07be59b639
chatgpt: Wales wing George North suffered two head injuries during the Six Nations clash against England on Saturday, raising concerns over the increasing concussion rates in professional Rugby Union. The Rugby Football Union (RFU) file showed that reported concussions in professional Rugby Union had risen by more than 400 per cent in the last decade. The figures are alarming, as they suggest that the sport may become more dangerous for players, who are already at risk of developing serious health problems from head injuries. Rugby’s concussion rate has increased dramatically, with the current rate of 10.5 per 1000 hours comparing to the 2.5 rate that was recorded in 2002. The figures reveal the urgency for the sport's governing authorities to curtail the rising concussion rates, and implement proactive measures that can help safeguard the health of players. North, who has a history of head injuries, appeared to have suffered a knock before half-time, but he was allowed to play on. However, he was substituted in the 58th minute after receiving another blow to the head. After the match, former England captain Lawrence Dallaglio, an outspoken critic of the sport's approach to head injuries, said that it was "very concerning" how the situation with North had been handled. He added that the situation highlighted the need for better protocols for managing head injuries. The Six Nations game also sparked fresh debate about the tackle law, with many calling for changes to be made in order to reduce the risk of head injuries. There have been several high-profile cases of players suffering from long-term health problems, such as dementia, as a result of head injuries sustained during their careers. The issue of concussion in rugby has been a topic of conversation for some time, with an increasing number of players speaking out about their experiences. Recently, former England player Steve Thompson became the first athlete to reveal that he had been diagnosed with dementia linked to head injuries he had sustained during his career. The Welsh Rugby Union and the RFU have invested heavily in initiatives to improve player welfare, including the introduction of new concussion protocols that require any player suspected of having a head injury to be taken off immediately and assessed by a medical professional. Despite these efforts, it is evident that more needs to be done to protect players from the long-term effects of head injuries. The increasing number of reported concussions in professional Rugby Union highlights the need for the sport to take action to combat this worrying trend, to ensure that players can continue to enjoy the game without putting their health at risk.