article: By . Deni Kirkova . PUBLISHED: . 09:29 EST, 27 September 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 07:29 EST, 6 October 2013 . Prince Harry's girlfriend stepped out for lunch with the matchmaker who introduced them yesterday, and the two girls seemed to be having a whale of a time in the London sunshine. Princess Eugenie, Harry's cousin, orchestrated the meeting between her good friend Cressida Bonas, 24, and the Prince. And the two were seen laughing and chatting over a leisurely lunch at Bumpkin in South Kensington with friends on Thursday. Princess Eugenie and Cressida Bonas having lunch outside a restaurant in Kensington, London . Princess Eugenie, 23, wore a duck egg blue and black wrap dress. The jersey cotton frock was cinched with a black leather belt and accessorised with black slipper shoes. The royal wore her hair down and relaxed and her nails were painted cherry red. Meanwhile, Cressida wore her lock highlighted blonde locks in a loose ponytail. The dance graduate and ski instructor was dressed down in a loose while T shirt and light blue faded jeans worn with crisp white trainers. Eugenie (pictured second from the right) lunches with Prince Harry's girlfriend Cressida Bonas (far left) Cressida and Eugenie's lunch companions opted for sunglasses on the sunny afternoon. The group were spotted laughing, joking and chatting as they relaxed and indulged in a spot of lunch at a chic restaurant in London's Kensington. It comes after Cressida joined boyfriend Harry at the Boodles Boxing Ball held at the Grosvenor House Hotel on Saturday. The two arrived separately but were among the last of the guests to leave the the annual charity fundraiser. The friends chatted as they tucked into lunch yesterday . Cressida, 24, who has been dating the Prince for around a year, wore her hair in a loose ponytail . Cressida wore a simple black dress with . thigh and cleavage split as she was sneaked through the rear entrance of . the hotel. Harry, wearing a classic black tuxedo, arrived in a car. Princesses Beatrice and Eugenie were also in attendance with their respective boyfriends Dave Clark and Jack Brooksbank. Cressida, . a young ski instructor and dance student, left without Harry and in the . company of close friend Princess Eugenie and Royal Protection security . staff. Cressida is the daughter of Sixties model Lady Mary Gaye Curzon and Old Harrovian businessman Jeffrey Bonas. Harry and Cressida made their first public appearance together on the slopes in February, at Swiss ski resort Verbier, where they were also reportedly 'kissing like lovestruck teenagers' in a club. The . society beauty studied at Stowe School followed by Leeds University, . where Prince Harry's ex-girlfriend Chelsy Davy also studied. She has modelled for Burberry in the past and finished her dance studies at the Trinity Laban . Conservatoire at the beginning of the summer. Cressida was Harry's date at the Boodles Boxing Ball Saturday, here pictured Princess Eugenie . Prince Harry at the MapAction reception yesterday (l) and arriving at Boodles Boxing Ball (r)
highlights: Princess Eugenie reportedly introduced Harry and friend Cressida . The happy couple have been dating for almost a year . Friends were in good spirits lunching yesterday .
id: a54086cd0e2c43e8ca88936236c8f48f21c42840
chatgpt: In a surprise announcement, Princess Eugenie revealed that she played matchmaker for Prince Harry and her friend, Cressida. According to sources close to the royal family, the couple have been dating for almost a year and are said to be very happy with each other.  The couple was spotted going out and about in London, and onlookers witnessed them holding hands and smiling. The royal family has not made any official statement about the couple's relationship, but they have been seen together at some of the family's private events.  Yesterday, their close friends were spotted having lunch together, and they seemed to be in good spirits. Although they have been keeping a low profile, the couple's relationship has been the talk of royal watchers and the media alike.  Cressida, who is known for her love of the arts and her dedication to charitable causes, has been a good match for Prince Harry. She is said to have a love of wildlife and the environment, which is something that is close to the prince's heart.  Friends of the couple say that they have a lot in common and that they enjoy spending time together. They are both free-spirited, and they love to have fun, which is why they have kept their relationship very private.  Prince Harry has always been very protective of his romantic relationships, and he has been known to be very private about his personal life. His last serious relationship was with actress Meghan Markle, who is now his wife.  Cressida has been described as being very down to earth, and she is said to have a fun-loving spirit. She is someone who values her privacy, and she has been careful not to attract too much media attention.  However, her relationship with Prince Harry has been the talk of the town, and many are hoping that the couple decides to take their relationship to the next level. For now, they seem to be enjoying each other's company, and they are taking things slow.  Their lunch with friends yesterday was a rare glimpse into their private lives, and it was clear that they are happy and content together. With Princess Eugenie playing matchmaker, it seems that the couple has a bright future ahead of them.  For now, the couple is content with enjoying each other's company, and they are focusing on their respective careers. It remains to be seen whether they will make any official announcement about their relationship, but for now, they seem to be in a state of bliss.  The royal family has always been very private about their personal lives, and they have kept their relationships out of the public eye. However, with Prince Harry and Cressida's relationship, it seems that the family is open to more private relationships, and they are willing to allow their family members to pursue happiness in their own way.  For now, fans of the royal family will have to wait and see what the future holds for Prince Harry and Cressida. However, one thing is for sure, the royal family is always full of surprises.