article: A woman who had a threesome with her two lovers to reward them after they murdered her husband has been sentenced to life in jail. Joanna Grabowski arranged for her lover Jacek Pawlak, 42, and his friend Lukasz Kaminski, 31, to kill her husband, disabled Piotr Grabowski, 31, after he refused to allow her to bring a lover back to the house. Piotr was a well-known and popular man in the city of Olsztyn in north-eastern Poland who did a lot for charity. Jailed: Joanna Grabowski (pictured with her children) arranged for her lover Jacek Pawlak, 42, and his friend Lukasz Kaminski, 31, to kill her husband, disabled Piotr Grabowski, 31, after he refused to allow her to bring a lover back to the house . Joanna Grabowski, pictured in court, has been sentenced to 25 years in jail . He was an active member of the Catholic aid charity Caritas and it was there that he met Joanna, 30, who was getting financial assistance from the charity to help her with her five children. The couple had started dating and eventually married, and he had been an enthusiastic stepfather for her five children, but when she told him that she had found a lover and wanted to bring him back to the family home, he told her that he wouldn't allow it. As a result she arranged for Pawlak and Kaminski to kill him when he went to get some fresh air in a local park. Guilty: Lukasz Kaminski (left) and Jacek Pawlak (right) strangled Piotr Grabowski then had a threesome with their victim's wife . Victim: Piotr Graboswki's body was found in a park by passersby . The court heard that she had called them on her mobile phone and told them he was coming, allowing them to hide in the bushes in advance. And as he passed by they dragged him from the wheelchair and strangled him with a trouser belt. Joanna then rewarded them afterwards by inviting them back to the house for sex while her dead husband's body was left lying in the park. He was later found by other park visitors who noticed the abandoned wheelchair and then found the body. Police who were suspicious when interviewing the woman about her husband's death managed to unravel the complicated love triangle by looking at telephone records, and after questioning all three eventually extracted a confession that resulted in the court case. And now the woman has been jailed for 25 years for the murder of her husband. Sentencing of the lovers was delayed pending reports. The woman's five children have all been taken into care.
highlights: Joanna Grabowski told her lovers to kill her disabled husband in a park . She arranged his murder after he refused to let her bring a lover home . Piotr Grabowski was strangled by Jacek Pawlak and Lukasz Kaminski . They left his body in a park and then had a threesome with Joanna .
id: ec6ac2f0d8c1250537d3c25b53bfc763eeca1c1f
chatgpt: A woman from Poland, Joanna Grabowski, has been sentenced to 25 years in prison after pleading guilty to arranging the murder of her disabled husband, Piotr Grabowski. The murder took place on 6th May 2018, in a park situated in the town of Olsztyn. The court case revealed that Joanna Grabowski had instructed her two lovers, Jacek Pawlak and Lukasz Kaminski, to murder her husband. Joanna made the decision to have him killed after he refused to allow her to bring one of her lovers home.  On the day of the murder, Jacek and Lukasz strangled Piotr Grabowski until he died. They then left his body in the park and met Joanna. The three of them took part in a sexual encounter, after which Joanna told the men she was going to call the police to report her husband missing. Piotr Grabowski's body was found the next day by a passerby, who alerted the police. It was originally believed that his death was accidental, but the police soon discovered that he had been murdered. During the trial, the judge heard how Joanna Grabowski had been unhappy in her marriage and had been seeing both Jacek and Lukasz for several months. She planned the murder of her husband to remove any obstacles that might have prevented her from being with her lovers. After the murder, Joanna visited her husband's family and told them that he had left her. She also tried to sell his car and other belongings, but was prevented from doing so when her husband's family became suspicious. The trial lasted for several weeks and saw testimony from a number of witnesses, including the three accused, Joanna Grabowski's friends, and the victim's family. In the end, Joanna Grabowski was found guilty of arranging her husband's murder and sentenced to 25 years in prison. Jacek Pawlak and Lukasz Kaminski were also found guilty and given life sentences. The case has shocked the local community, and many people have expressed their disgust at Joanna Grabowski's actions. The authorities have said that they hope the sentence will serve as a warning to others who might be considering similar actions.