article: By . Ashley Collman . PUBLISHED: . 10:08 EST, 18 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 10:08 EST, 18 October 2013 . A stage four breast cancer patient had her radiation treatment cancelled yesterday because of a football game. The woman's friend Kathleen Keating, told the Charlotte Observer that her friend was informed on Wednesday that her treatment for Thursday was cancelled due to the University of North Carolina - Chapel Hill football game against the University of Miami. According to UNC Health Care spokesman Karen McCall, the clinic had planned months ahead for the Thursday game and avoided scheduling anyone past 3:30pm because of traffic. Ms McCall said that any last minute rescheduling probably resulted from factors not related to the game. Postponed: A stage four cancer patient's radiation treatment was cancelled on Thursday due to a University of North Carolina - Chapel Hill football game against the University of Miami . 'I think it's criminal,' Keating told the Observer. 'I like football but it's not even an equation you need to do in your head. Football versus cancer treatment? It's not just a question.' Ms Keating's friend was too sick to be interviewed and is in 'considerable pain'. 'The system should not be doing this to people with cancer,' Ms Keating said. 'It's just wrong.' The radiation oncology clinics addressed the issue of the Thursday scheduling by opening up Saturday treatments. Doctors determined who could wait 'without harming their care'. 'So it was a decision that was made by the providers,' said Dr Shelley Earp, director of the UNC Lineberger Comprehensive Cancer Center. 'Some of those people are going to have their therapy on Saturday. Some may not. It may not make a difference whether they have it every day...It was a considered decision.' A spokesman for UNC Health Care said that the clinic had planned for the Thursday game months ahead and purposefully didn't schedule anyone after 3:30pm because of traffic. Additional appointments were rescheduled for Saturday . But Dr Earp also pointed out the importance of the school's football culture in making university's health care center one of the best in the nation. 'We are who we are because of the university,' Dr Earp said. 'We are able to attract 300 world-class faculty who want to be in a university town. They could be anyplace in America, because they're that quality.' Mid-week games are also very rare. Yesterday's game was only the second Thursday football game in the school's history.
highlights: A stage four breast cancer patient was informed Wednesday that her radiation treatment for Thursday was cancelled because of a University of North Carolina - Chapel Hill football game . Cancer clinic officials said they avoided scheduling patients after 3:30pm on Thursday because of the traffic the game would cause . Those who had to miss their radiation treatments on Thursday had the option of coming in on Saturday . Midweek games are rare. Thursday's game was only the second in school history .
id: ab51bdd83b28b551751f32f655b0524a6bf32b03
chatgpt: A breast cancer patient in North Carolina was left feeling shocked and disappointed after learning that her scheduled radiation treatment was cancelled due to a football game. The University of North Carolina - Chapel Hill football team's game was the reason why the cancer clinic officials decided to avoid scheduling treatment after 3:30pm on Thursday, anticipating heavy traffic because of the game. The patient, whose identity has not been disclosed, was reportedly informed about the cancellation on Wednesday, just a day before her scheduled radiation therapy. She was given the option to come in on Saturday for her treatment, but the last-minute change still came as a shock to her. This incident has sparked a wider debate about scheduling priorities, with some criticizing the cancer clinic officials for prioritizing a sporting event over the health of cancer patients. However, others argue that the decision was made in the best interest of both patients and medical staff. The game, which was only the second midweek game in school history, took priority for officials because of the potential traffic snarl-ups that could have affected the timely arrival of patients and medical personnel to the facility. In order to avoid such potential delays, the decision was made to reschedule treatments for patients after the game. While a decision around scheduling priorities is always a challenging one, it's important to remember that cancer patients like the one impacted by this incident are already dealing with the stress and uncertainty of a difficult illness. Any disruption in their treatment can cause further stress and worry.  But medical facilities and providers are also under pressure to cope with rising demand, limited resources and patient expectations. Juggling the need for timely and effective cancer treatment with the logistical challenges of events like football games is not an easy task, and medical providers have to balance their patients' needs with all other factors that could impact their well-being. Patients receiving cancer treatments have a right to expect that scheduling conflicts are minimized, but they also need to understand the pressures placed on hospitals and clinics when it comes to managing their treatment needs.  The cancellation of radiation treatments for one patient may seem problematic, but medical providers also need to maintain reasonable expectations given the challenges they face every day. They must make difficult decisions that balance medical treatment needs, resourcing and larger events like sports games, and medical patients have to understand that in the interest of overall provision of care, there may be times when their treatments have to be rescheduled. While this incident has raised questions within the medical community about priorities and scheduling for cancer treatment, it also illustrates the complex nature of healthcare delivery, particularly when dealing with health and patient needs in a less fortunate and less controlled environment.