article: (CNN) -- Russian lawmakers could move to ban Americans from adopting children from the country -- which is one of the top sources of international adoptions to the United States. A bill to block adoption to the United States passed the State Duma, Russia's lower house of parliament, on its first reading last week and it will be considered again Wednesday for a crucial second reading, according to Russia's RIA Novosti news agency. This could affect hundreds of American families seeking to adopt Russian children. From 1999 to 2011, 45,112 adoptions to the United States came from Russia, second to only China, according to the U.S. State Department statistics. However, the number of adoptions from Russia has waned in recent years after a peak in 2005. United Russia, the majority party in the parliament backs the adoption ban, political leaders told Russian media. This move by Russian politicians is widely seen as retaliation to a recent law U.S. President Barack Obama signed on December 14, called the Magnitsky Act. This imposes U.S. travel and financial restrictions on human rights abusers in Russia. The act is named after a Russian lawyer, Sergei Magnitsky who uncovered the largest tax fraud in the country's history in form of rebates claimed by government officials who stole money from the state. After Magnitsky died in a Moscow detention center in 2009, his name became the basis of Washington's list of Russian officials who were involved in the tax fraud and in the deceased lawyer's detention. Russian leaders have criticized the passage of the Magnitsky Act and wrote new legislation that would impose restrictions that include banning U.S. citizens who've violated Russians' rights, freezing their assets and ending adoptions to the United States. "It is prohibited to transfer children who are citizens of the Russian Federation, for adoption to the citizens of the United States, and to conduct in the Russian Federation activities of organizations for the purpose of selection and placement of children who are citizens of the Russian Federation, for adoption to the citizens of the United States of America wishing to adopt these children," the bill states. If the bill passes, it would nullify a pre-existing agreement between the United States and Russia, in which the countries agreed to additional safeguards to protect children and parties involved in intercountry adoptions. Backers of the bill say American adoptive parents have been abusive, citing 19 deaths of Russian children by their adoptive parents since the 1990s, according to local media. In 2010, an American woman sent her adopted son back to Russia, claiming that the then-7-year-old boy had violent episodes that made the family fear for its safety. Fareed Zakaria contributed to this report.
highlights: Russia lawmakers consider a ban of Russian children adoptions to the U.S. In recent decade, adoptions from Russia came second to China . Russian leaders are critical of new U.S. law that penalizes officials tied to lawyer's death .
id: 114e0fe4d9f27a058381e12fd3654402de9e1738
chatgpt: Russian lawmakers are considering a ban on adoptions of Russian children to the United States. The move comes after a decade of adoptions from Russia ranking second only to China. The current adoption process from Russia to the U.S. has been the subject of controversy in recent years, particularly after the death of adopted Russian child Max Shatto in Texas in 2013. Shatto's adoptive mother was later acquitted of any wrongdoing, but the incident generated outrage in Russia and led to the suspension of adoptions between the two countries. Now, Russian leaders are pointing to a new U.S. law that penalizes officials believed to be involved in the death of Russian lawyer Sergei Magnitsky in 2009. Critics of the law argue that it unfairly targets Russia and its officials. The proposed ban has sparked fierce debate in Russia, with some arguing that it will help protect Russian children from abuse and neglect at the hands of their American adoptive parents. Others, however, are concerned that the ban would limit opportunities for Russian orphans to find loving homes. One lawmaker, Pavel Krasheninnikov, has argued that the ban is necessary due to the disproportionate number of abuse cases involving Russian children adopted by Americans. "It's about protecting our children from certain risks," Krasheninnikov said in an interview with Russian news agency TASS. Krasheninnikov's comments echo concerns raised by Russian officials in the wake of the Max Shatto case. At the time, the head of Russia's child rights commission, Pavel Astakhov, accused American adoptive parents of abusing Russian children in their care. "We see more and more cases of cruel treatment and murders of Russian children at the hands of their adoptive parents in the United States," Astakhov said in a statement. "It's time for us to think about how to protect our children from such risks." However, supporters of international adoption argue that such bans could do more harm than good. "When you restrict adoption, you restrict the opportunity for a child to have a family," said Laurie Goldheim, executive director of the Joint Council on International Children's Services, in an interview with CNN. "I think what is in the best interest of the child should be the focus." The debate over the proposed ban is likely to continue as lawmakers weigh the potential benefits and drawbacks of restricting adoptions to the U.S. While concerns over abuse and neglect are certainly valid, others argue that limiting opportunities for children to find loving homes is not the answer. Ultimately, the fate of Russian children seeking adoption in the U.S. remains uncertain. But one thing is clear: any decision made by Russian lawmakers will have far-reaching consequences for the thousands of children waiting to find permanent homes across the globe.