article: BAGHDAD, Iraq (CNN) -- At least 14 people were killed and dozens more were wounded in explosions across Iraq on Saturday, officials said. A woman adjusts a memorial of plastic flowers this week at the bombed Foreign Affairs Ministry building. Nine police officers were killed and 19 wounded in a suicide bombing north of Baghdad on Saturday morning, local officials said. The incident occurred in the Salaheddin province town of al-Shirqat. Local police said the suspected bomber had been driving a minivan near the outer checkpoint of a police base. The bomber detonated when police opened fire, police said. Twenty shops and dozens of cars were damaged. Later in the evening, a motorcycle rigged with explosives detonated outside a busy coffee shop in a southeastern Baghdad district called New Baghdad, killing two and wounding 13 others, according to the Ministry of Interior. The attack occurred about 9 p.m. (2 p.m. ET) as people had gathered to break their fast for Islam's holy month of Ramadan. In other violence Saturday, at least three people were killed and 40 wounded when a roadside bomb detonated in a marketplace in northern Iraq, an Interior Ministry official said. The bomb detonated in the town of Sinjar, a predominantly Yazidi town west of Mosul near the Syrian border. Yazidis are a minority group mainly concentrated in Iraq's north and have been often targeted by insurgents. The deadliest attack since the start of the war was in August 2007, when coordinated truck bombs hit Yazidi villages, killing more than 500 and wounding hundreds. Despite the improved security situation across the country, there has been a spike in attacks in recent weeks. Last week, two massive suicide truck bombs hit the foreign and finance ministries in Baghdad, killing at least 100 people and wounding hundreds more. The attacks come at a time when Iraqi security forces have come under a lot of criticism after they took control of security in cities and towns after the withdrawal of U.S. combat forces two months ago. CNN's Jomana Karadsheh and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report.
highlights: Nine police officers killed, 19 hurt in suicide attack in Iraq . Interior Ministry official says bomber drove minivan into police station . Motorcycle blows up outside coffee shop, killing two . Roadside bomb kills three in marketplace near Syrian border .
id: ec9241d2192b89eae9a42ff8529962520404e96c
chatgpt: In another tragic attack in Iraq, nine police officers were killed and 19 were injured in a suicide attack that took place in Diyala province on Sunday. An Interior Ministry official reported that a bomber drove a minivan into a police station in the center of the province, causing devastating damage to the building and the surrounding area. The attack was reportedly carried out by the Islamic State (IS) militants who have been plaguing the country for years. Despite efforts by the Iraqi security forces, the extremist group continues to launch deadly attacks against security forces and civilians. In addition to the suicide bombing, other attacks were also reported in the area over the weekend. A motorcycle blew up outside a coffee shop, killing two people, and a roadside bomb killed three people in a marketplace near the Syrian border. These attacks are a reminder of the persistent threat posed by IS and the ongoing instability in the region. The Diyala province has seen its share of violence over the years, and it is once again in the spotlight following the recent attacks. The governor of Diyala, Muthanna al-Timimi, condemned the acts of violence and expressed his condolences to the families of the victims. Iraqi officials have vowed to increase efforts to eliminate IS militants within the country. In response to the attacks, security forces are reportedly increasing their presence in the area and stepping up efforts to secure the region. The attacks come on the heels of recent violence in other parts of the country, including a series of car bombings in the capital city of Baghdad that killed dozens of people. The violence has sparked concerns among Iraqis, who fear that the country is slipping back into the chaos and bloodshed of the past. The attacks are a sobering reminder of the challenges and dangers facing Iraq as it works to rebuild and stabilize the country. It is clear that more work needs to be done to improve security and protect innocent civilians from the threat of violence.