article: London, England (CNN) -- Within seconds of the Clarence House announcement, social media was abuzz with news of the royal engagement. "Prince William" and "Kate Middleton" quickly shot to the top of Twitter's trending topics, where comments on the social network were mainly congratulatory. Some tweeters were already agog with excitement about the wedding day. Amy Patel (therealamypatel) tweeted, "Does Kate Middleton have to pick a traditional wedding dress? - can't wait to follow the royal wedding planning!" and Adam Huckle Films (adamhucklefilms) posted, "Better buy a fancy hat." Angeldirecto was already keen for memorabilia: "Somebody send me a tea towel or a plate w/ their faces!" The shadow of Diana, Princess of Wales could be perceived in some comments. Evangeline Holland (evangelineh) posted, "I hope Prince William and Kate Middleton will have a (relatively) normal marriage." Prince William engaged to Kate Middleton . Others expressed their hopes that the wedding would be a modest affair. Didi Vonmonied (MissDeeN) said, "So will Kate and Wills have a budget wedding? In these times of austerity, we need to watch the pennies," while Matt Davies (matt_davies) said, "Given that 'we're all in this together' and most of us will be homeless by next summer, the royal wedding will be a toned down affair, yes?" Some of Prince William's fans, such as Ewa Pandjaitan (EP2410), expressed distress at the news. "Oohhh, heart broken," she said. "My my my." User omg_ilubit expressed wry disbelief: "What? Prince William is engaged? I don't remember him proposing to me." The announcement also saddened some of Kate Middleton's male fans. Tweeter Tommy Rose (tomdotcom1) posted, "Sad times. The prospect that one day I would be able to marry Kate Middleton was the only thing keeping me going. :-(" Who is Kate Middleton? Other supporters took a more positive view. Nick M (niknakm) posted, "Kate Middleton is going to be the hottest queen ever!" Some British-based tweeters hoped for an extra day off to celebrate the couple's marriage: Tweeter James Farrier (jamesfarrier) said, "I know what we're all thinking - congrats William and Kate Middleton...but more importantly... #extrabankholidaynextyear?" The announcement was followed by a swift flurry of updates on Wikipedia to reflect the engagement. Facebook groups, including "Congratulations Prince William & Kate Middleton" and "Wedding Of The Century! Kate & William," also quickly sprang up to congratulate the couple. Prince William: A life in the spotlight . But some remained untouched by the announcement. Tweeter Nicola (refusion) tweeted, "Dear twitter, I don't care about the fact that Prince William and Kate Middleton are getting married. Please stop talking about it." With the world's eyes on the happy couple and the media storm only likely to intensify, she's unlikely to get her wish until well after the wedding.
highlights: Moments after Clarence house announcement, web was abuzz with congratulations for couple . Wikipedia updates, new Facebook groups, Twitter comments all reflected the news . "Better buy a fancy hat" tweeted adamhucklefilms . Refusion tweeted: "I don't care ... William and Kate Middleton are getting married"
id: 487b8b9d5385338642f5777471f44e4eda8ad72b
chatgpt: In an exciting development, Clarence House has announced that Prince William and Kate Middleton are engaged to be married. The news was greeted with congratulations from all corners of the web, with Wikipedia updates, new Facebook groups, and Twitter comments all reflecting the happy news. "The royal family is delighted to announce the engagement of Prince William to Miss Catherine Middleton," the announcement stated. "Prince William proposed to Miss Middleton in October during a private holiday in Kenya. The wedding will take place in the spring or summer of 2011 in London." Almost immediately, comments and reactions began flooding in across the internet. Twitter was abuzz with congratulations and well-wishes for the couple, with many expressing their excitement at the upcoming event. "Better buy a fancy hat," tweeted adamhucklefilms, while Refusion tweeted, "I don't care...William and Kate Middleton are getting married." The news also spurred the creation of new Facebook groups and updated Wikipedia pages about the couple. Prince William has been dating Kate Middleton since they met at the University of St. Andrews in Scotland in 2001. Middleton has been praised for her poise and grace in the years since her relationship with Prince William became public, and is considered a fashion icon by many. Her engagement ring, which once belonged to William's mother, the late Princess Diana, has also garnered significant attention. The wedding is sure to be a major event, drawing the attention of the world's media and millions of eager royal-watchers. It will take place at Westminster Abbey, the historic church where William's grandmother, Queen Elizabeth II, was crowned in 1953. The engagement has also sparked a renewed interest in the royal family, particularly in the United Kingdom where the monarchy remains a popular and important institution. Many hope that William's upcoming nuptials will help cement the future of the royal family for generations to come. Despite the excitement and anticipation surrounding the wedding, there are also some who are more skeptical about the royal family and their role in modern society. Some feel that the lavish ceremony and extravagant celebrations are outdated and out of touch with the struggles of the average person. Nevertheless, the engagement of Prince William and Kate Middleton is a welcome bit of good news in an otherwise difficult time. With the world still reeling from economic turmoil and political upheaval, the spectacle of a royal wedding may prove to be a much-needed distraction and source of joy for millions of people around the globe. As the preparations begin and the world waits for the big day, there is no doubt that Prince William and Kate Middleton will continue to capture the public's imagination and inspire people with their love story.