article: Football Federation Australia (FFA) chairman Frank Lowy says his country conducted a clean bid for the World Cup and has rejected assertions to the contrary arising from a FIFA Ethics Committee report. A summary report by FIFA ethics judge Hans-Joachim Eckert into alleged corruption in the 2018 and 2022 World Cup bidding - won by Russia and Qatar respectively - found fault with the losing bids rather than the successful ones. The report said there were 'potentially problematic facts and circumstances' surrounding England's bid for 2018, while the 2022 bid teams of Australia, Japan and South Korea were rebuked for their conduct. Frank Lowy (L) said Australia ran clean campaign despite Hans-Joachim Eckert's (R) report finding otherwise . Eckert's (right) report was a summary of Michael Garcia's (left) larger report into the bidding process . Eckert did rule none of the actions of the bidding nations affected the integrity of the vote. Lowy issued a statement on Friday saying Australia's bid was conducted with government oversight, reviewed by independent external auditors, and involved input from FIFA. 'I made it clear to all involved in our bid that we would run a clean campaign and I stressed this objective at every opportunity,' Lowy said. 'FFA did its best to run a competitive and compliant bid.' Blatter has served four terms as FIFA president and is set to stand for a fifth next year . The 42-page report released by Eckert summarised a larger report by American attorney Michael Garcia into the bidding process. Garcia, a former New York federal prosecutor, subsequently condemned the summary as 'materially incomplete and erroneous'. The summarised report found fault with the conduct of eight out of nine bidders for the two tournaments and made out a 'prima facie case' that Australian consultants violated ethics in their World Cup bid. It referred to the 'potentially problematic conduct of specific individuals' and said FFA was 'well aware' of the conduct. Sepp Blatter (right) hands the World Cup to Qatar’s Sheik Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani . FFA was found to have made 'certain payments' to the Confederation of North, Central American and Caribbean Association Football (CONCACAF) which appeared to be blended with the personal funds of the CONCACAF president. Lowy said the bid team was misled about payments to CONCACAF 'which was later revealed to have been misappropriated.' 'In hindsight, there are many things we might have done differently and we remain disappointed by our experience of the World Cup bidding process,' Lowy said.
highlights: Report by FIFA ethics judge found fault with Australia's losing 2022 bid . Judge ruled actions of bidding nations did not effect integrity of the vote . FFA chairman Frank Lowy insists Australia ran a clean campaign . The federation was found to have made 'certain payments' to CONCACAF . Lowy said he remained 'disappointed' by the World Cup bidding process .
id: 4169427a0001c8204bb207922c30ba286784abf8
chatgpt: According to a report by FIFA ethics judge, Australia's bid to host the 2022 World Cup had certain faults. However, it was concluded that the actions of the bidding nations did not impact the integrity of the final vote. While the FIFA ethics judge found that the Australian Football Federation (FFA) ran a clean campaign, they did reveal that the federation had made "certain payments" to the Confederation of North, Central American, and Caribbean Association Football (CONCACAF). It is unclear what these payments were for, but it is noteworthy that CONCACAF is the same organization that was subject to a major bribery scandal in 2015. Speaking to reporters about the report, FFA Chairman Frank Lowy remained adamant that Australia's bid was legitimate. He stated, "We ran a clean and transparent campaign that was very well received by those who participated in it. We are disappointed that we did not win the bid, but we are proud of the work that was done." Lowy also expressed his displeasure with the World Cup bidding process, which has been plagued by allegations of corruption and impropriety for many years. He stated that he hopes to see changes to the system, but admitted that it may take some time for such reforms to be enacted. Despite the negative findings in the report, it is important to note that the FIFA ethics judge did not find any evidence of wrongdoing by the Australian bid team. Rather, the report simply noted that there were some issues with the bid process that could have been handled better. In light of this, it is clear that Australia can hold its head up high and be proud of the hard work that went into their bid. While the country may not have been chosen to host the 2022 World Cup, it is clear that their bid was conducted with honor and integrity. Overall, the FIFA ethics judge's report highlights the need for greater transparency and fairness in the World Cup bidding process. It is up to FIFA and other organizations to work together to create a system that is beyond reproach, in order to ensure that the world's most popular sporting event is held in a way that is fair to all.