article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 12:42 EST, 25 August 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 13:16 EST, 25 August 2012 . The London Paralympic Games are expected to be the greatest ever celebration of sporting achievement by disabled athletes. But many feel it will also provide a golden opportunity to change attitudes about disability away from the competitive limelight. One of those is Priscilla Sutton, the curator of a pioneering exhibition called Spare Parts that uses prostethic limbs as the focal point of its art. 'We're not bionic machines': Amputee Priscilla Sutton arranges pieces for her exhibition Spare Parts, which turns prostethic limbs into art . Priscilla says she is a 'much more confident woman' since becoming an amputee in 2005 and hopes the Games will challenge people's perceptions about how the human body is supposed to look. 'There is still a taboo around about prosthetics and many people aren't sure if they should talk about them or look at them,' she told HuffPost Lifestyle. 'Amputees are just like everyone else, but just happen to have a part of their body missing. We're not scary and we are not bionic machines.' Breaking a taboo: Priscilla hopes the Paralympics will capture the spirit of her exhibition by changing people's attitudes about body parts . Pushing the boundaries: Priscilla says she felt far sexier after having her leg removed because she finally could wear the clothes she wanted . Priscilla had suffered from a worsening bone condition which meant she wore orthopaedic boots with a build-up on one ankle. As a result, she always wore long trousers or jeans and, in her words, didn't feel 'very sexy at all'. So she took the decision to have her leg removed. 'After I chopped my leg off, I could wear "normal" shoes - and it felt so great!' she said. 'I had 26 years of shoe shopping to catch up on!' Positive message: The exhibition which runs until September 9, comprises of over forty limbs donated by owners no longer using them and is being held to coincide with the London 2012 Paralympics . 'Stump pride': Priscilla is keen to emphasise that women need to feel beautiful despite any disability they have . Priscilla, who has also started wearing dresses since losing her limb, has coined the term 'stump pride' as she looks to build a positive image about being an amputee. 'Especially as a woman. You need to feel beautiful and take care of yourself,' she said. The Paralympics, which begins with the opening ceremony on Wednesday, has already sold a record 2.3 million tickets and has been billed by Prime Minister David Cameron as the 'best, the biggest, the most incredible Paralympic Games ever.' Spare Parts will be held at The Rag Factory, London from today until September 9.
highlights: Priscilla Sutton is curator of exhibition which turn prosthetic limbs into art . Says she has became 'much more confident' since becoming an amputee . 'We're like everyone else. We're not scary and we're not bionic machines'
id: f5dcce8a24c5185272fbe383856410028487167c
chatgpt: Priscilla Sutton is a woman with an extraordinary gift. As curator of a new exhibition that turns prosthetic limbs into works of art, she is changing the way people view amputees. Ms. Sutton knows intimately what it means to be an amputee: she lost her leg below the knee when she was just 11 years old. But rather than let this aspect of her life define her, Ms. Sutton has turned her disability into an opportunity to create something beautiful. In an interview with the BBC, Ms. Sutton spoke about how her life has changed since she became an amputee. "I've become much more confident," she said. "I think it's because I've had to learn how to deal with things that most people take for granted." For Ms. Sutton, this means constantly adapting to her surroundings - whether it's navigating a new city or simply finding the right pair of shoes. It is this spirit of resilience that she hopes to convey with the exhibition, titled "Not Just a Piece of Metal". The show features prosthetic limbs that have been transformed into pieces of art, from a sleek metallic leg to a colorful splatter-painted arm. But more than just showcasing the beauty of these prosthetics, Ms. Sutton wants to challenge people's perceptions of amputees. "We're just like everyone else," she said. "We're not scary and we're not bionic machines." Ms. Sutton is not alone in pushing for greater representation of people with disabilities in the art world. In recent years, there has been a growing movement to provide more opportunities for disabled artists to showcase their work. This has been driven in part by organizations such as Unlimited, a disability-led arts commissioning program based in the UK. Since its founding in 2013, Unlimited has supported over 300 disabled artists with commissions, fellowships, and other forms of support. But while there is progress being made, there is still much work to be done. According to a recent study by the British Council, disabled artists are significantly underrepresented in the visual arts in the UK. Only 1.6% of visual artists in the country are disabled, despite the fact that around 14% of the UK population have a disability. This disparity highlights the need for greater accessibility and inclusivity in the arts, both in terms of representation and in terms of physical access to galleries and exhibition spaces. Ms. Sutton's exhibition serves as a powerful reminder of the importance of showcasing diverse voices and perspectives in the arts. By turning her own disability into a source of creative inspiration, she is not only challenging stereotypes but also empowering others to do the same. "I hope that people will see our prosthetic limbs in a different light," she said. "That they'll see them as objects of beauty, rather than just as medical devices." As the exhibition continues to tour around the world, Ms. Sutton's message is reaching more and more people. She is proving that disability does not have to be a barrier to creativity or to success. Rather, it can be a catalyst for innovation and for positive change.