article: (CNN) -- Connie Lester was concerned when she heard that a deadly meningitis outbreak had been linked to spinal steroid injections. Anxiously watching the news for reports of cases in her home state of Kentucky, she debated whether to call her doctor. "I thought, 'Let's just wait and see,' " she said. "Not anything you can do about it after it's already done." Lester has been receiving steroid injections in her lower back for several months because of a herniated disk. The disk is pushing one of her nerves against a bone; friction between the two causes pain when she walks or stands for even short periods of time and can lead to numbness in her leg. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says that as many as 14,000 patients may have received injections of a contaminated preservative-free steroid called methylprednisolone acetate. Steroids are commonly injected in patients with back pain, according to Dr. Irene Wu with the UCLA Pain Management Center. They're also used to help with joint pain, arthritis or other inflammatory diseases. Inflammation occurs when the body is trying to heal itself, like when your muscle tissue tears or something is irritating your cells. Unfortunately, inflammation can be self-perpetuating, leading to more inflammation and pain. Steroids help combat that effect, Wu says. Injections are usually a last resort after patients have tried anti-inflammatory medications and physical therapy. The steroids are usually injected into the same location as epidurals. Most patients receive two or three shots over the course of a month. "It depends on how bad the pain is," Wu said. "Eighty percent of people need more than one to feel better." The contaminated steroids in the meningitis outbreak are linked to the Massachusetts-based New England Compounding Center. The CDC says 184 people in 12 states have been sickened with non-contagious meningitis as of Friday; 14 have died. What is a compounding pharmacy? Infections with steroid spinal injections are rare, says Dr. Nick Shamie, an associate professor of orthopedic surgery and neurosurgery at UCLA.In his 12 years in practice, he says, he's had only two patients develop bacterial infections. These typically happen in people with a compromised immune system. Woman sues over meningitis outbreak . Shamie says spinal steroid injections are only a temporary plan for patients. "Unfortunately, most of these patients will continue suffering from their pain," he said. "The only thing that has helped is surgery." Lester's spinal fusion surgery is set for November 7. She's scheduled to receive another spinal injection next week but may cancel because of the outbreak. She isn't sure if the type of steroid she receives is the same one she's seen in the news. "I'm debating whether it's worth taking that risk," she said. "Not sure I need that additional worry right now." CDC: Tests may not detect meningitis fungus . Are you worried about an upcoming procedure? Have you had one of these spinal injections? Share your story on our Facebook page. CNN's Elizabeth Landau contributed to this story.
highlights: CDC: 14,000 patients may have received contaminated spinal steroid injections . Steroids are commonly injected in patients with back pain, doctor says . Injections are last resort after anti-inflammatory medications and physical therapy .
id: 2ea906ef51ef57d0d1534eab41f4b6cc360e017b
chatgpt: The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) is warning that roughly 14,000 patients may have received spinal steroid injections that were contaminated with an infectious fungus. These steroid injections are commonly used for patients with back pain, but experts say they should only be used as a last resort. The contaminated injections came from a compounding pharmacy in Tennessee, which distributed the steroids to clinics across the country between July and September of 2012. The fungus, which is known as Exserohilum rostratum, can cause a dangerous infection called meningitis if it enters the bloodstream. According to the CDC, there have been 185 cases of meningitis linked to the contaminated steroids, and 14 people have died. Symptoms of meningitis include fever, headache, and a stiff neck, and it can be fatal if not treated promptly. Dr. Ronald Young, a pain management specialist in West Virginia, says that steroid injections are a common treatment for patients with back pain. He typically recommends anti-inflammatory medications and physical therapy first, but says injections can be a last resort for patients who can't find relief through other treatments. "It's important to recognize that these injections are not a magic bullet," Dr. Young says. "They can be effective in some patients, but they come with risks. Patients need to be aware of those risks and make an informed decision about whether or not to proceed with the injections." Dr. Young says that patients who received the contaminated steroids should be vigilant for any symptoms of meningitis, such as fever or a stiff neck. If they suspect they may have been infected, they should seek medical attention immediately. The CDC is working to identify all of the patients who received the contaminated steroids, but it's a difficult task. Many of the clinics that received the steroids have since closed or merged with other clinics, and patients may have moved or changed their contact information. Dr. Oscar Alleyne, chief of programs and services for the National Association of County and City Health Officials, says that patients who received these steroids should contact their healthcare provider even if they haven't experienced any symptoms. "It's not always clear how long it takes for symptoms to manifest," Dr. Alleyne says. "We're urging patients to be proactive and get checked out as soon as possible." Compounding pharmacies have come under increased scrutiny in recent years, as concerns about their safety and efficacy have grown. These pharmacies prepare medications for individual patients, often using bulk ingredients that may not have been approved by the FDA. The CDC is urging patients to be cautious when considering any type of injection or other medical procedure. They say it's important to ask questions about the risks and benefits of the treatment, and to make sure that the provider is licensed and reputable. Dr. Young says that patients should also be aware that there are alternatives to steroid injections for back pain, such as nerve blocks or physical therapy. "Patients need to be informed consumers," Dr. Young says. "They should ask their provider about all of the options that are available to them, and make sure they understand the risks involved with any treatment."