article: By . Ryan Gorman . and Associated  Press Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 12:35 EST, 22 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 12:35 EST, 22 December 2013 . The centerpiece: This uniform once worn by Saddam Hussein is the focal point of the exhibit . An exhibit dedicated to the 10-year anniversary of the capture of former Iraqi president Saddam Hussein will open this week – in Oklahoma City. The Oklahoma Historical Society came into the items on display after they were donated by the man who led the US Army’s effort to topple the dictator. Mr Hussein was removed from power in 2003 following a US-led invasion spearheaded by retired Army Lt. Col. and former Oklahoma State Sen. Steve Russell. The exhibit will feature many of the former despot’s personal possessions, including a European-tailored military uniform worn by a younger Mr Hussein, several firearms and other objects. ‘We’re very excited to have this exhibit,’ Dr. Bob Blackburn, executive director of the Oklahoma Historical Society, said in a statement. ‘It is not every day that such historic items from recent history can be viewed by the public and we are very proud of the ties they have to Oklahoma.’ Those Oklahoma ties are in reference to Mr Russell, who is loaning the collection for a special temporary exhibit. He helped lead the hunt for Saddam and is also the author of ‘We Got Him!” His personal memoir of the hunt and capture of Saddam. Baghdad was captured months before the former Iraqi leader was infamously found hiding in an underground bunker . Deadly: Some of the many weapons formerly owned by the dictator . ‘For years I have kept low key about these artifacts,’ Mr Russell said in a statement released by the Oklahoma History Center. ‘I realize that they are an incredible part of our nation’s history that should be enjoyed by the public and hope the display will call to remembrance the soldiers wounded and lost during the hunt and capture of Saddam,’ he added. The exhibit will go on full display later this month and is open to the public.
highlights: The exhibit will feature a military uniform, firearms and other objects once owned by former Iraqi president Saddam Hussein . The items were donated by one of the US Army soldiers who led the campaign to capture the former dictator .
id: 219522ea6c2adddbebffa93512e9576abfffb4b0
chatgpt: An exhibition featuring an array of military wares from the possession of Saddam Hussein has been set up in the United States. The exhibit includes historical artifacts like firearms, a military uniform, and various other objects that were part of the former Iraqi president's legacy. This unique exhibit was made possible by one of the US Army soldiers who spearheaded the operation that led to the capture of Saddam Hussein. The soldier donated the items in a bid to enshrine the history of the former dictator and his regime.  The military uniform is one of the most eye-catching items in the exhibit. It offers a glimpse into the late President's dressing style during his reign. The uniform has multiple badges and awards, reflecting the high rank held by the former dictator. The firearms on display are unique and have impeccable engineering that has been lost to history. They were part of Saddam's personal firearm collection and possess excellent qualities that reflect the dictator's preference for high-quality weapons. All of these weapons were captured by US troops during the war that was waged against Saddam rule. Other objects in the exhibit include Saddam's personal diaries and stationary. These objects offer valuable insights into the mind of a dictator whose regime was responsible for countless human rights violations during Saddam's reign. The exhibit is not without controversy, however. Some members of the military and political factions critiqued the decision to put up an exhibit in commemoration of the former dictator. There are also those who feel that such an exhibit is a disrespectful depiction of the countless Iraqi lives that were lost during the dictator's regime. Despite these criticisms, the exhibit is intended as a somber and educative experience to remind visitors of the horrors of Saddam's rule. The soldier who donated the items is hopeful that the artifacts will educate future generations about the importance of standing up for human rights. In conclusion, the exhibit stands as an ode to one of the most feared dictators in history. Its possession of unique items from Saddam's collection leaves visitors with no doubt that Saddam Hussein was an authoritarian figure whose legacy continues to cast a long shadow both in Iraq and internationally.