article: By . Nick Purewal, Press Association Sport . Graziano Pelle and Dusan Tadic must be more aggressive to thrive in the Premier League, according to Southampton boss Ronald Koeman. Saints manager Koeman admitted his attacking summer signings from Holland need time to adapt to England's physicality. Southampton laboured to a goalless home draw with West Brom in league action on Saturday, prompting Koeman to admit he is still chasing further transfer window recruits. VIDEO Scroll down to see Graziano Pelle show aggression as he storms down the tunnel . Out-muscled: Graziano Pelle has been told by Southampton manager Ronald Koeman to be aggressive . Tough: Dusan Tadic must show aggression at Southampton in order to survive the harsh Premier League . The St Mary's outfit are understood to be pursuing both Spurs wing Andros Townsend and unsettled Atletico Madrid defender Toby Alderweireld. Saints take on Championship club Millwall in the Capital One Cup on Tuesday night, with Koeman keen to see his side fire back to finishing form. 'I think sometimes he can be a little bit more aggressive maybe, to expect in which position the ball falls down,' Koeman told the Southern Daily Echo of Pelle, Saints' Italian summer recruit from Feyenoord. 'But he needs players from the midfield and with movements around him. If there comes a long ball, you have to expect something. If you wait and you go then, sometimes you are too late.' Tadic joined Saints from FC Twente in the summer, recruited to replace Liverpool-bound Adam Lallana. Same goes for you, Dusan! Tadic loses out to West Brom's Sebastien Pocognoli during Saturday's match . Strive: Players new to the Premier League often struggle to adapt but Koeman has hope for Saints' Pelle . Koeman believes both Pelle and Tadic can thrive in the Premier League, but admitted they will take time to acclimatise after stints in the Dutch top-flight. The former Holland defender could well pitch both men into League Cup action on Tuesday, to accelerate their English immersion. 'For Pelle and Tadic it's a higher level and they need to be stronger to be competitive in the Premier League,' he said. 'They need time for that, because it's a big change. 'The defenders are stronger and it's more physical than in Holland. The qualities they have, but they need time to adapt.' Southampton are thought to have submitted an increased offer to Tottenham in their battle to prise England flyer Townsend away from White Hart Lane. Koeman is also understood to have made enquiries to Atletico on the availability of Belgium defender Alderweireld, who has attracted attention from Liverpool, Arsenal and Napoli. Saints boss Koeman: 'For Pelle and Tadic it's a higher level and they need to be stronger to be competitive' I want more! Koeman expects his attacking duo to thrive in England but knows they need time to adjust .
highlights: Southampton manager Ronald Koeman recognises Graziano Pelle and Dusan Tadic are among those needing time to adapt to Premier League . Koeman believes attacking pair Pelle and Tadic can thrive in the England . 'For Pelle and Tadic it's a higher level and they need to be stronger to be competitive in the Premier League,' said Koeman .
id: 12ffbfef5d361abd39f7106bf0171c851842daf9
chatgpt: Southampton manager Ronald Koeman has spoken about the need for his two attacking players to adapt and grow stronger if they are to thrive in the competitive and fast-paced environment of the Premier League. Graziano Pelle and Dusan Tadic, both new signings for the team, have had a mixed start to their careers in England, with moments of brilliance tempered by challenges adapting to the rigors of the game. However, Koeman believes in the potential of both players, and has vowed to support them through the transition period. "For Pelle and Tadic, it's a higher level and they need to be stronger to be competitive in the Premier League," he said. "It's a different game here, with different expectations and challenges, but I have faith in their ability to adapt and develop." With Southampton's previous season characterised by a series of high-profile departures, many have looked to Pelle and Tadic as the team's new stars, capable of carrying the team and bringing fresh energy to the pitch. Both have shown glimpses of their potential already; Tadic scored a stunning goal against Sunderland in August, while Pelle has already matched his goalscoring tally from last season, with three goals in his first five games for the club. The Southhampton manager believes that one way for the players to adapt is to be challenged during training, saying "We train hard and we train well, so that when we go out on the pitch, the players are ready to give their best." However, he also acknowledged that it is a process that takes time, and that it's not always easy to transition to the conditions of the Premier League. "It's a challenging league, and both Pelle and Tadic will need to put in extra effort and dedication to succeed here. But I have confidence that they can grow into the role, and become key players for Southampton," he said. "They are talented individuals with a strong work ethic, and I believe they can thrive here." Koeman's confidence in his players comes at a time when the club as a whole has been questioned about its ability to maintain its competitiveness in the Premier League. However, with a positive attitude and a drive to succeed, Koeman is hopeful that Southampton can continue to build on their strong start to the season, with Pelle and Tadic at the forefront of their success. While the transition to any new team can be challenging, the response from Pelle and Tadic suggests that they are ready and willing to meet those challenges head-on. As they continue to adapt and grow, Southampton fans will be eagerly watching to see what the new pair can do on the pitch, in what looks to be a bright future for the club.