article: By . Jill Reilly . PUBLISHED: . 10:28 EST, 13 March 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 14:35 EST, 13 March 2014 . A defiant grandmother is refusing to sell her home to make way for a massive Tesco car park despite every other house on the street being sold for demolition. Enid Jones, 58, is the last remaining resident on a street which the supermarket chain wants to bulldoze to make way for a new superstore. She made her 'Enid v Goliath' lone stand against the multinational giant - and refused to move as all 11 of her neighbours agreed to sell up and go. Enid Jones is refusing to sell her home to make way for a massive Tesco car park despite every other house on street being sold for demolition . The council approved plans for the giant supermarket and issued a compulsory purchase order which will see her lose her home in the seaside resort of Aberystwyth, West Wales. But she took her fight to the Welsh Government who are holding an planning inquiry on whether she can be kicked out. She told the hearing in Aberystwyth: 'Leave me in peace, leave my house alone.' Enid Jones, 58, is the last remaining resident on a street which the food chain wants to bulldoze to make way for a new superstore . She told the hearing in Aberystwyth: 'Leave me in peace, leave my house alone' She took her fight to the Welsh Government who are holding an planning inquiry on whether she can be kicked out . The council have already approved plans to flatten Mrs Jones' road to make way for a shopping park with Tesco and Marks and Spencer stores. The local council claim the shops will employ 295 full-time workers, generating around £2.95m in wages for the local economy. The two superstores could open by December 2016 and could boost town centre trade by between £1.6m and £3.5m a year. Mrs Jones' lawyer Glyn Pritchard-Jones said: 'She is still opposed to her house being demolished.' 'Mrs Jones thinks the Tesco development can be delivered without the need to demolish properties.' The Welsh Government are expected to issue a report before making their final decision in three months time . A spokesman for Marks & Spencer said: 'We have plans to open a new store in Aberystwyth at the Mill Street development, subject to the public consultation between the site developer and local council.' MailOnline has approached Tesco for comment. The council have already approved plans to flatten her road to make way for a shopping park with Tesco and Marks and Spencer stores . Mrs Jones' lawyer Glyn Pritchard-Jones said: 'Mrs Jones thinks the Tesco development can be delivered without the need to demolish properties'
highlights: Enid Jones, 58, is the last remaining resident on street in Aberystwyth . Refusing to move although all 11 of her neighbours agreed to sell up . The council approved plans and issued a compulsory purchase order . She told a hearing: 'Leave me in peace, leave my house alone'
id: ba34ef35da0e4124bbd9735217a39be315025e7e
chatgpt: Enid Jones, 58, has become the last remaining resident on her street in Aberystwyth as her neighbours have all agreed to sell up and move out. Despite knowing that the council has approved plans and issued a compulsory purchase order to clear the street, Jones is refusing to leave her home. The street that Jones calls home used to be a thriving community with 11 residents, however, over time, they have moved away leaving Jones the only remaining resident. She stood strong, and declared that she will not be forced out or coerced into moving out of her cherished home. The council's plans include redeveloping the abandoned street with the construction of modern houses in the area. Jones stands in the way of the council’s plans, as her little cottage still stands strong among the dilapidated, and now empty, homes that surround it. She spoke out recently at a council hearing, passionately stating her position. "Leave me in peace, leave my house alone," she implored. The order for the compulsory purchase of her property was issued some time ago, and she has been granted several extensions to remain in her home. However, the current extension is coming to an end, and Jones may be forced to leave her home unless she can find a new solution or convince the council to change its plans. Jones has expressed that she feels a connection to her little cottage and the street, seeing it as much more than just bricks and mortar. There are countless memories held within the walls of her home, memories and stories that cannot be replaced. Her supporters have argued that the compulsory purchase order is an unfair way for the council to acquire her home. Moreover, they feel that it is unjust to force her to leave a home she loves so dearly, and where she has spent most of her life. Despite their pleas, it is looking more and more likely that Jones will have to vacate her beloved home, as the council is pushing ahead with the redevelopment plans. It is a sad end to a once thriving street, now home only to one stalwart resident. In conclusion, Enid Jones, 58, remains the only resident on her street in Aberystwyth, standing firm in the face of the council's plans to redevelop the area. Despite knowing that she faces the prospect of being forcibly removed from her home, she has made her position clear. Her supporters are calling for a change to the council's plans, but with the project moving ahead, it seems likely that Jones will be forced to vacate soon. She is determined to enjoy her home until the very last moment and cherish the memories and stories held within it.