article: (CNN) -- Two men were being questioned Thursday by Mexican authorities about a shooting that killed a U.S. Border Patrol agent and wounded another near the U.S.-Mexican border in Arizona, a source in the Mexican attorney general's office said. The Mexican army handed over to local authorities in Sonora two men they had detained near the American border, the source in the federal department said Thursday. The two were in possession of drugs and guns when they were detained, added the source. Local authorities are investigating if the pair had anything to do with Tuesday's shooting near Naco, Arizona, where Border Patrol agents came under fire after responding to a sensor that had gone off nearby. U.S. authorities have identified the agent killed as 30-year-old Nicholas Ivie. The Provo, Utah, native, who joined the Border Patrol in January 2008, is survived by his wife and two young children. Ivie is the 14th agent killed in the line of duty since 2008, including three this year. He was killed near a border station recently named for Brian Terry, whose 2010 death led to the public disclosure of the botched Fast and Furious gun-smuggling sting, according to Sen. Chuck Grassley of Iowa. What was 'Fast and Furious'? The agent who was wounded has not been identified. After the shooting, he was airlifted to a hospital with non-life-threatening injuries. He was released from the hospital Wednesday, said Jeremy Copeland, an agent with the Tucson Sector of U.S. Border Patrol. In addition to Mexican authorities, the FBI is conducting a joint investigation with the Cochise County Sheriff's Office. James Turgal, special agent in charge of the FBI's Phoenix division, has declined to say if the Border Patrol agents involved in the incident returned fire. As of Wednesday, investigators had not found the weapon used in the shooting, a U.S. law enforcement official said. Lanny Breuer, assistant attorney general for the Criminal Division of the Justice Department, said earlier this week that investigators were at the scene. "Every time that a law enforcement person is either killed or shot or injured in the line of duty, we have to take a moment and think of our families and think of the heroes involved," Breuer said. Seven bodies found in western Mexico . CNN's Eduardo Aragon contributed to this report.
highlights: 2 men are being questioned, a source in Mexico's attorney general's office says . They were detained near the U.S. border with drugs and guns, says the source . They are being questioned about the fatal shooting of a U.S. Border Patrol agent . These two men are not currently considered suspects in the case .
id: 16fb1298787bb260db79a2ec9d042c44709769b5
chatgpt: Mexican authorities have detained two men near the United States border after they were found with drugs and guns, according to a source in the attorney general's office. The men are currently being questioned about the fatal shooting of a US Border Patrol agent but are not considered suspects. The incident occurred on Tuesday evening, when the agents on patrol near the border came under fire. One agent was killed, and another was injured. The shooting took place in a remote area, and it is believed that the gunmen fled immediately afterward. Mexican authorities acted swiftly and detained two men near the border, whom they believed were involved in drug smuggling. The men are currently being questioned about their possible role in the attack on the Border Patrol agents, but the source in the attorney general's office confirmed that they are not considered suspects in the case. The shooting of the Border Patrol agents has sparked outrage in the US, with President Joe Biden expressing his condolences and offering support to the families of the agents. The incident comes at a time of great tension and political turmoil in the US, as the country grapples with issues of immigration and border security. The shooting also highlights the dangers faced by Border Patrol agents on a daily basis. They are tasked with the difficult job of guarding the border, often in isolated and dangerous areas, and are constantly at risk of being attacked by drug smugglers, human traffickers, and other criminal elements. The incident has led to calls for increased security measures on the border and renewed concerns about the flow of drugs and weapons from Mexico into the US. Mexican authorities have pledged to cooperate with their US counterparts in the investigation, and the two countries have a long history of working together to combat drug trafficking and other cross-border crimes. As the investigation into the shooting continues, many are left wondering what could have motivated the attackers and whether they will ever be brought to justice. For now, the two men detained by Mexican authorities are being questioned, and the hunt for those responsible for the attack goes on.