article: By . Jessica Jerreat . PUBLISHED: . 16:39 EST, 30 August 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 16:40 EST, 30 August 2013 . A toddler has died after being shot in the chest with a BB gun by his father at their Atlanta Georgia apartment earlier today. The 18-month-old boy was carried to an ambulance, bleeding, after his father, Jesse Sellers, allegedly fired the gun at him, not realizing it was loaded. The 23-year-old, who has been charged with murder, had been trying to scare his young son, named Jesstin, according to a relative. Tragic: 18-month-old Jesstin died after being hit by a BB pellet . Questioned: Jesse Sellers, the boy's father, has been charged with murder . A neighbor told the Atlanta Journal Constitution the father was apologizing to police as his son was taken away by ambulance, telling them: 'I'm sorry, but I didn't mean to.' Police have not said officially who shot the toddler, but homicide detectives said earlier in the day charges were likely against Mr Sellers. 'Charges to the father, for sure. We base . the charges on the facts that we learn in the investigation,' homicide unit commander Captain Paul Guerrucci, who was careful not to describe the incident as a shooting, said. Victim: Jesstin, who was 18 months old, was shot by a BB rifle as he played in his Atlanta home . Investigate: Police collect evidence at the family's Atlanta apartment . He added that a BB rifle was removed the apartment after the incident, which happened at about 9.15am on Friday. 'The caller said her young child had . been shot in the chest with what she believed was a BB gun,' Captain Guerrucci . said. 'We found a child that had sustained some type of injury to the . chest. Information that we are receiving would indicate that  [the child . was shot with a BB gun].' Three adults and three children were in the apartment at the time of the incident. Jesstin was the youngest of the couple's four children. The other siblings are aged 2, 3, and 5. Neighbors told 11 Live the mother tried to give Jesstin CPR and went to the hospital with him in the ambulance. Apology: Neighbors claim they heard Jesse Sellers tell police 'I'm sorry, I didn't mean to' Wille Dickerson, who said he was the child's uncle, described the family as close and said they spent time together every day. The father had been said to be facing charges of second degree cruelty to children and felony murder, according to CBS Atlanta. He was charged with murder on Friday afternoon. The Division of Family Child Services is assessing what to do with his other children.
highlights: 23-year-old charged with murder . Son was playing in Atlanta home at time of tragic incident .
id: 9914d9ec104864007e7d2820650c0b4cbc9a4664
chatgpt: A 23-year-old man has been charged with murder following a tragic incident that occurred in an Atlanta home. The victim, whose identity has not yet been released, was reportedly playing with his son when the suspect allegedly committed the crime. According to witnesses, the suspect entered the home and engaged in an argument with the victim shortly before the incident occurred. It is unclear what the argument was about or what may have provoked the suspect to commit the act. Police were called to the scene and the victim was immediately transported to a nearby hospital. Despite the efforts of medical professionals, he was pronounced dead a short time later. The suspect was apprehended by police and now faces charges of murder. Authorities have not released any further information about the suspect or his motive for the crime. It is unclear if he had any prior criminal record or if he had any relationship with the victim prior to the incident. The victim's family has expressed grief and disbelief at the tragic turn of events. They expressed their love for the victim and their hope that justice will be served. "We are devastated by this senseless act of violence," the victim's mother said in a statement. "Our son was a kind and loving person who adored his son. We cannot understand why anyone would do this to him." The victim's son, who was present in the home at the time of the incident, is reportedly being cared for by family members. He is said to be in good health and receiving ongoing support to help him cope with the loss of his father. The incident has shocked and saddened the Atlanta community. Local officials have expressed their condolences to the victim's family and pledged to work tirelessly to bring the perpetrator to justice. "We will not rest until this individual is held accountable for his actions," Atlanta Mayor Keisha Lance Bottoms said in a statement. "We must do everything in our power to make our communities safe and secure for all our citizens." The investigation into the incident is ongoing, and anyone with information about the suspect or the crime is urged to come forward and contact the Atlanta Police Department. As the community mourns the loss of a beloved father and friend, authorities vow to do everything in their power to ensure justice is served for the victim and his family.