article: (CNN) -- Gov. David Paterson pledged to keep fighting for same-sex marriage in New York after the state Senate on Wednesday killed a bill that would have legalized the practice. The bill had Paterson's support and had passed the state Assembly. Supporters predicted a close vote going into Wednesday's Senate debate. But eight of Paterson's fellow Democrats, including two members of the Senate leadership, joined a unanimous Republican caucus on the 38-24 vote. In a statement issued Wednesday afternoon, Paterson said, "It is always darkest before the dawn. "As disappointed as we are today, let's get up tomorrow and redouble our efforts," he said. "We are going to lay the foundation to make people feel comfortable to vote their conscience and not fear political backlash."   iReport: Protesters flock to Times Square . Supporters promised to bring back the bill for "as many do-overs as is necessary to get us home," as Majority Leader Pedro Espada put it before the vote. "There's never a good time for civil rights. There's never, ever, ever, ever a good time for civil rights. I know. I get that," said Sen. Tom Duane, a Manhattan Democrat who was the chamber's first openly gay member. "But the paradox is, it's always the time to be on the right side of history." Only one senator spoke against the bill during Wednesday's debate. Sen. Ruben Diaz argued that the issue should be put to a statewide referendum and pointed out that 31 states have banned same-sex marriages in statewide votes. Diaz, a Democrat and a Pentecostal minister from the Bronx, said many New York religious leaders opposed the bill and called on Republicans to join him in defending "traditional values." "If we take it to the people, the people oppose it," he said. But a Marist College poll released Wednesday found that 51 percent of New Yorkers questioned favored legalizing same-sex marriage, with 42 percent opposed. A June poll by Qunnipiac University poll reported a similar spread of 51 percent to 41 percent.   iReport: Signs read 'I un-heart NY' And Sen. Eric Adams, a Brooklyn Democrat, said that most of the 31 states Diaz cited as voting against same-sex marriage "at one time or another sold blacks into slavery." "Because the majority is in one place does not mean they're in the right place," he said. "We're in the position right now where we have to lead the country to the right place." Passage would have made New York the sixth U.S. state to legalize same-sex marriage and only the second, along with New Hampshire, to do so without a court's prodding. Connecticut, Vermont, Massachusetts and Iowa also have legalized marriages between gay couples, but federal law bars recognition of those unions across state lines. CNN's Evan Buxbaum contributed to this story.
highlights: "Let's get up tomorrow and redouble our efforts," governor says . Supporters vow to bring back measure legalizing same-sex marriage . "The people oppose it," Democrat says in arguing against bill . Recent polls found narrow margin of New Yorkers support same-sex marriage .
id: 7628089b21ea3ecd3fb9b8b78acb2177344433f8
chatgpt: New York Governor, Andrew Cuomo, spoke to supporters of same-sex marriage, encouraging them to continue the fight for legalizing the union between same-sex couples. He urged them to "redouble their efforts" in their fight for marriage equality, citing the importance of the issue and the benefits that would come with same-sex marriages.  Despite the governor's words, there are still opponents in the Democratic Party who argue against the legalization of same-sex marriage. One such opponent, Assemblyman Ruben Diaz Jr., spoke out against the measure, stating that "the people oppose it." He argued that the bill would do more harm than good, and would violate the beliefs of many New Yorkers who do not support same-sex marriage. However, recent polls have shown that there is a narrow margin of New Yorkers who do support same-sex marriage. In fact, a majority of people in New York City-- one of the country's largest metropolitan areas-- approve of the measure. Supporters argue that allowing same-sex couples to marry would not only grant them equal rights, but would also provide economic benefits to the state. Supporters of the measure vow to continue their efforts in bringing back the bill, and are pushing for a statewide referendum. They believe that the majority of New Yorkers will vote in favor of same-sex marriage if given the chance.  This is not the first time that the issue of same-sex marriage has been brought up in New York. In 2011, Cuomo signed the Marriage Equality Act into law, which allowed same-sex couples to legally marry in the state. However, the law has faced opposition from some, including those in the religious community. As the fight for same-sex marriage continues in New York and across the country, supporters believe that progress will be made. They see the legalization of same-sex marriage as a civil rights issue, in which every individual should have the right to marry who they love. And as Cuomo put it, "Let's get up tomorrow and redouble our efforts." The fight for marriage equality continues.