article: A drug addicted mother gave her baby a heroin substitute to 'knock him out' so she could take crack cocaine 'in peace', a court has heard. Kelly Emery, 34, of Frankley, Worcestershire, was charged with manslaughter after her son Fenton Hogan died of a methadone overdose on July 1, 2013. Emery denies giving the two-year-old the heroin substitute to make him sleep and is currently on trial at Nottingham Crown Court. Kelly Emery (pictured left) has been charged with manslaughter after her baby Fenton Hogan (right) died of a methadone overdose in 2013. The prosecution claim she gave him the drug so she could take crack in 'peace' On the second day of her trial jurors heard the baby was 'energetic and happy' right up until his death. But his grandmother Angela Emery, Kelly Emery's mother, told the court her daughter 'cared more about drugs than her children'. When she was asked how her daughter funded her habit in the months before Fenton's death, Mrs Emery said: 'Selling herself, basically. 'She would phone [me] regularly for money - she would claim it was for gas, electricity or food.' Mrs Emery said her daughter had been addicted to drugs since the age of 17. She said it was clear from her daughter's home and her appearance that she was an addict. Mrs Emery told the court the house was mess and her daughter was 'not bothered' about housework or ensuring the children had clean clothes. She added Emery began developing scabs on her face and arms . In the months before his death the court heard Emery had been referred to Birmingham Social Services. Nottingham Crown Court (pictured) heard Emery cared 'more about drugs than she did about her children' However, Mrs Emery said she did not share her concerns with social workers because past referrals had led nowhere. Following his death Mrs Emery told police Fenton and his older sister, then 12, were an 'inconvenience' to Emery. But she added she did not think her daughter had wanted Fenton to die. Fenton's paternal grandmother Lynn Wheeldon also gave evidence. She took care of the baby the day before his death. She said he was happy when she returned him home on Sunday, June 30, 2013. She said the previous week he had spent time with his older cousins. She told the court: 'He enjoyed his day with us. He was happy, bubbly, it was a lovely warm day.' A post-mortem examination revealed Fenton had ingested methadone at least twice before his death . Emery has pleaded guilty to causing Fenton's death by gross negligence but denies charges of manslaughter and cruelty. Christopher Hotten QC, prosecuting, alleged Emery deliberately gave the toddler methadone in order to 'knock him out' so she could take crack cocaine in peace. The trial continues. Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
highlights: Kelly Emery, 34, is accused of giving  baby methadone to make him sleep . Fenton Hogan died in July 2013 after overdosing on the heroin substitute . Prosecution claim she gave him drug so she could take crack 'in peace' Emery has pleaded guilty to  gross negligence but denies manslaughter . Court heard Fenton and his older sister were an 'inconvenience' to Emery . Her mother told court Emery 'cared more about drugs than her children'
id: 751291ba5284cfd57833206b5a9826b27757af6b
chatgpt: Kelly Emery, a 34-year-old mother-of-two, has appeared in court charged with giving her six-month-old son methadone to help him sleep. Unfortunately, Fenton Hogan suffered an overdose and died in July 2013. The prosecution alleges that Emery had given him the drug so that she could take crack cocaine in peace.  Whilst Emery has pleaded guilty to gross negligence, manslaughter charges have been denied. However, it has been revealed during her trial that Emery saw her children, Fenton and his older sister, as an "inconvenience".  Emery's mother told the court that her daughter "cared more about drugs than her children", highlighting the extent of her addiction. She revealed that Emery had been addicted to crack cocaine for several years prior to Fenton's birth, and that her addiction had escalated further after his birth. According to the prosecution, Emery had been using methadone to manage her own addiction in the weeks prior to Fenton's death. However, when she ran out of the drug, she decided to give some to her son to help him sleep. Prosecutors claim that Emery had no knowledge of the dosage or the potential dangers of the methadone for a baby. The court heard that on the night of Fenton's death, Emery had smoked crack cocaine whilst Fenton slept beside her. When she awoke the next morning, she found him unresponsive and rushed him to the hospital. However, it was too late, and Fenton was pronounced dead on arrival. The defense presented by Emery's lawyer acknowledged that Emery was guilty of neglect, but argued that she had no intention of harming her son. Instead, they stated that she was "a loving mother who unfortunately made a very bad mistake". The case has raised concerns about the dangers of drug addiction and the impact it can have on children. The court heard harrowing evidence of how Emery had neglected her children, and her drug addiction had affected her decision-making and ability to provide adequate care for her children. The trial has brought Emery's actions to the forefront of the national conscience and sparked a debate about drug addiction, child protection and the legal responsibilities of parents. Her sentencing has yet to be determined, but it is hoped that this case serves as a warning to others about the serious consequences of drug abuse and child neglect.