article: Heavyweight boxer Deontay Wilder taught an internet troll a lesson in respect after meeting him for a fight in a Los Angeles gym. Charlie Zelenoff, who subjected Wilder to years of abuse on social media and harassed him with phone calls, challenged the 28-year-old to a bout to settle their differences. The 2008 Olympic bronze medallist accepted Zelenoff's offer and met him at the Hollywood Boxing Gym on Wednesday evening. VIDEO: Watch Deontay Wilder beat up Charlie Zelenoff below . Revenge: Deontay Wilder was able to teach internet troll Charlie Zelenoff a lesson after receiving abuse . Wilder was keen to get revenge on the wannabe fighter after claiming that Zelenoff racially abused him and made comments about his daughter, who suffers from spina bifida. Their bout began on the gym floor when Zelenoff threw a wild right hand before appearing to run for the door. Wilder soon caught up with his opponent and knocked him to the floor twice in quick succession. Despite . his arrogance prior to the fight, Zelenoff then backed off as members of . Wilder's entourage attempted to calm him down and stop him from . delivering a knockout blow. The . undefeated heavyweight can be heard shouting: 'Don’t you ever call me a . n***** again. Don’t you ever say you’re going to tape my daughter.' Powerful: Wilder knocks out British boxer Audley Harrison at the Motorpoint Arena in Sheffield last year . Not impressed: Boxer Curtis Woodhouse drove to the street of a Twitter user who abused him in March, 2013 . The . video concludes with Wilder chasing Zelenoff out of the building, . although the troll insists on claiming: 'I’m the best. I’m still the . best.' Wilder took his fight against online abuse one step further than British boxer Curtis Woodhouse, who drove to confront Twitter user @Jimmyob88 in March, 2013. The former footballer tracked down the road on which his abuser lived, before 'Jimmy' tweeted a grovelling apology and Woodhouse backed off.
highlights: Boxer Deontay Wilder met internet troll Charlie Zelenoff for a fight . Zelenoff had abused Wilder over the phone and on social media . The pair met at a gym in Los Angeles on Wednesday night . The heavyweight got his revenge by knocking his opponent down twice .
id: 68500238ff155ad98208c802523c7de377fce448
chatgpt: Boxer Deontay Wilder got his chance to settle a score with his longtime internet troll, Charlie Zelenoff. The pair met at a gym in Los Angeles last Wednesday for a highly-anticipated fight. Zelenoff had been harassing Wilder on social media and over the phone for years, but Wilder finally got the chance to confront him in person. The fight was quick and brutal. Zelenoff had talked a big game online, but he was no match for the heavyweight champion. Wilder knocked Zelenoff down twice before the fight was stopped. While Zelenoff had challenged Wilder to a 10-round brawl, it was clear that Wilder didn't need that much time to assert his dominance. Wilder was fueled by revenge and adrenaline. He had stewed over Zelenoff's insults for years, and the fight was a chance to finally silence his troll. In the lead-up to the fight, Wilder had promised to "shut him up for good." And he delivered on that promise. After the fight, Wilder took to social media to gloat about his victory. He posted a video of him knocking down Zelenoff with a left hook, along with the caption: "I told y'all I was gonna beat his ass!" He also used the moment to call out other fighters who might want to step up to the challenge. While Zelenoff had talked a big game before the fight, he seemed humbled in defeat. In an interview with TMZ Sports, he said that he deserved to get knocked out and that Wilder had proven himself as a true champion. He also apologized for his past behavior, saying that he was "just trying to get attention." But for Wilder, the fight was more than just a chance to get revenge on his troll. It was also a chance to prove himself as a champion. He showed off his strength, speed, and skill, and proved that he was willing to back up his words with actions. As for Zelenoff, he may have learned his lesson. He had pestered Wilder for years, but in the end, he was no match for the heavyweight champion. And while he may have garnered some attention with his trolling, it was ultimately his downfall.