article: (CNN) -- Add this to our list of fun ways to celebrate Shakespeare's 450th birthday this week. Passengers on board an easyJet flight from Gatwick, England, to Verona, Italy, on April 23 became the surprise audience for an inflight performance of Shakespeare's plays. Verona is a principal setting for Shakespeare's "Romeo and Juliet." The hour-long performance -- hosted by the airline as part of a campaign to have April 23 officially recognized as National Shakespeare Day -- was put on by actors from the Reduced Shakespeare Company. (Shakespeare fans argue over April 23 or April 26 as his exact birthday.) See a short video of the performance here. The plane had also been emblazoned with a portrait of the playwright. Armed with props and costumes, three actors paraded the aisle while running through abridged versions of every comedy and tragedy penned by the Bard. "We hope to set a new Guinness World Record ... for the highest ever theatrical performance," said easyJet communications director Paul Moore in a statement. As a testament to the troupe's entertaining performance, no crotchety complaints seem to have appeared (yet) on social media about lost sleep. "Certainly, this was the most entertaining flight I have ever taken. It was a fabulous performance and great for the children," passenger Simon Cureton told Portsmouth News. While the airline has taken its Shakespeare Day campaign seriously, throwing free performances at airports, emblazoning the playwright on plane livery and promoting the best Shakespearean destinations in its inflight magazine, the campaign has a long way to go. The petition had 729 signatures at the time of writing. If it hits 100,000, it will be considered by the House of Commons Backbench Business Committee.
highlights: A comedy troupe performed Shakespeare on an easyJet flight to Verona . The performance was in honor of Shakespeare's 450th birthday this week . The UK airline is hosting a campaign for Shakespeare's birthday to be recognized as National Shakespeare Day .
id: 3941643ce0f2416076155d06e79c4febd8cd22e7
chatgpt: On Friday, a comedy troupe gave an unexpected in-flight performance of Shakespeare's most famous works while onboard an easyJet flight to Verona. The performance was in honor of the Bard's 450th birthday this week, and it left passengers pleasantly surprised. The UK airline is hosting a campaign to have Shakespeare's birthday recognized as National Shakespeare Day. According to easyJet, Shakespeare's influence on the English language is significant - from popularizing certain expressions to shaping the meaning of words. The performance was put on by the Reduced Shakespeare Company, a well-known troupe famous for condensing Shakespeare's plays into hilarious and easy-to-digest performances. The company put together a special set for the in-flight audience, which included performances of "Romeo and Juliet" and "Hamlet." In between acts, the troupe engaged with the captivated audience, answering questions and making jokes. One passenger on the flight, who wished to remain anonymous, was thrilled about the surprise performance. "I was just trying to get to Verona for a business trip, and then all of a sudden, the Reduced Shakespeare Company was performing in front of me. The whole thing was surreal!" she exclaimed. The performance was part of easyJet's larger campaign to increase awareness of Shakespeare's impact on the English language and culture. The airline hopes that recognizing Shakespeare's birthday as a national holiday will help increase Shakespeare's legacy and educate people around the world about his immense influence. As the plane landed in Verona, the Reduced Shakespeare Company received a round of applause from passengers. With their excellent performance and catchy jokes, they had certainly made an impression on the in-flight audience.