article: As an international sex symbol, her glamorous lifestyle saw her both loved and envied in equal measure. But one of Brigitte Bardot’s oldest friends - and rivals - says the former Sixties siren is now a ‘sad’ recluse with a ‘dubious private life’. British singer Jane Birkin, who starred with the French actress in her last film Don Juan in 1973, believes that old age has not treated Miss Bardot particularly well. Siren: Miss Bardot, pictured left at the height of her fame, is now more reclusive, according to her friend and co-star Jane Birkin. Right: The actress, an animal rights activist, after meeting the French president in 2007 . Now 79, her once-smooth complexion has been wrinkled by years of sun exposure, and the ardent animal rights activist often walks with the aid of a crutch. A still youthful-looking Miss Birkin, 66, said: ‘She still writes to me, because I give money to her dogs’ association. ‘The postcards I get from her are always rather sad. I think she has difficulty walking. ‘Although she has a dubious private life with rather doubtful characters, she’s made people have a sort of moral conscience.’ She added: ‘People consider her as being animal-mad because human beings have been so disappointing to her, which I think is true. She was so beautiful that people were envious of her. ‘In a scene when we came out of a car, she’d been crying, so she had a slightly red face and people were delighted. They were cruel to her because she was dangerous and could have nicked their husbands.’ Miss Birkin and Miss Bardot both dated French singer Serge Gainsbourg, and both recorded versions of his single Je t’aime moi non plus. Brigitte Bardot was once a pin-up for every teenage boy. She is pictured in the film Le Mepris (1963) Miss Bardot pictured during the filming of La Parisienne. She starred alongside Sean Connery and dated the iconic French singer Serge Gainsbourg, recording a version of his classic single Je t'aime moi non plus . Je t’aime was originally written for Miss Bardot in 1967 when the couple had a brief affair. But when it was released two years later, the female part was sung by Jane Birkin, who had since started up a relationship with Gainsbourg. However Miss Birkin insisted that the pair were friends and never saw themselves as rivals, even when the song’s earlier version was released. She added: ‘Serge rang me up later in life and said, “I’ve got bad news for you. Bardot has rung and you know what she’s like – she wants money for her dogs, so I’ll bring out the original version of Je t’aime.” ‘I did sort of think oh my gosh, now people are going to prefer the first version. But her wonderful version was very different, more sensual and more womanly.’
highlights: Co-star in Don Juan: ‘The postcards I get from her are always rather sad' French pair both dated iconic French singer Serge Gainsbourg . Miss Bardot, 79, is an ardent animal activist but with 'dubious private life'
id: acbf488a8110c2ad9f631e8de0126f0250e830bc
chatgpt: Famous French actress and animal rights activist, Brigitte Bardot, is known for her controversial career and love life. Recently, one of her former co-stars from the movie Don Juan, revealed that the postcards he receives from her are often "rather sad." The co-star in question is French actor Louis Garrel, who shared a special bond with Bardot during their work on the film. Garrel also mentioned that both he and Bardot had dated iconic French singer Serge Gainsbourg at different points in time. Despite her activism for animal rights, Bardot's private life has been surrounded by controversy. In fact, Garrel referred to her lifestyle as "dubious." This sentiment was also echoed in a 2017 biography about Bardot written by journalist Henry-Jean Servat. Regardless of her personal life, Bardot's impact on French cinema and pop culture cannot be ignored. With her striking looks and unique style, she became an instant icon in the 1960s. She appeared in several films, including And God Created Woman, which helped to launch her career. In addition to her acting work, Bardot is also known for her music career. She recorded several albums throughout the 1960s and 1970s, some of which were produced by Serge Gainsbourg himself. Her most famous song, "Je t'aime... moi non plus," even caused controversy due to its explicit lyrics. Despite her success, Bardot eventually retired from the entertainment industry in the 1970s. She went on to focus on her animal rights activism, even founding the Brigitte Bardot Foundation for the Welfare and Protection of Animals in 1986. Over the years, Bardot has continued to use her platform to speak up for animals. She has been a vocal advocate against the use of fur and the consumption of foie gras, among other issues. Her efforts have earned her many supporters, as well as criticism from some who feel her activism goes too far. As for her personal life, Bardot has been married four times and has had several high-profile relationships, including with Gainsbourg, fellow actor Alain Delon, and musician Bob Zagury. Despite the controversy that has surrounded her private life, her legacy as an icon of French cinema and a passionate animal rights activist endures. In conclusion, while Brigitte Bardot's private life may have been "dubious," her impact on French culture and animal rights activism remains undeniable. Despite her advanced age of 79, Bardot continues to be an inspiration to many, and her postcards may be sad, but they remind us of the important work she has done for animals throughout her career.