article: This was just the second time in three years England manager Roy Hodgson has dared to venture to the Stadium of Light but on the evidence of this sour stalemate he will not be back. It was not just the Three Lions contenders — Saido Berahino and Jermain Defoe — who failed to impress; every player on the pitch was as desperate as the next. Referee Mike Jones and his assistants were equally inept, failing to send off West Brom’s Joleon Lescott early in the game and later denying Sunderland a legitimate goal. Jermain Defoe  is tackled by Chris Brunt during the League match between Sunderland and West Brom . Sunderland manager Gus Poyet on the side line during the Premier League game at Stadium of Light . The draw — Sunderland’s 13th of the Premier League season — has done little to ease the pressure on Black Cats boss Gus Poyet, who this week wrote to the fans asking for their support. But the Uruguayan did have reason to moan about some first-half refereeing. The game was just five minutes old when Lee Cattermole sprung Danny Graham clear on the shoulder of Lescott and, under minimal contact from the recovering defender, the striker flopped to the turf. Man of the moment Brown Ideye fails to continue his fine goal scoring run against West Brom . Referee Jones waved play on, only for assistant Constantine Hatzidakis to flag for an infringement. Lescott, then, would surely have to go. Jones, though, opted to show a yellow. The officials were again the centre of attention when they disallowed Adam Johnson’s goal on the stroke of half-time. Ricky Alvarez crossed to the far post where the winger — played marginally onside by Craig Dawson — poked in. Poyet said: ‘It’s onside. I understand why he gave offside, but it was a mistake. Ben Foster makes a save during the Premier League match between Sunderland and West Bromwich Albion . Poyet lets his feelings be heard during the goalless draw against West Brom at the Stadium of Light . ‘I was more disappointed with the Lescott one. If you make the decision it’s a foul then it should be a red card.’ But Baggies boss Tony Pulis said: ‘I’ve seen old women in the high street take more of a knock and stay on their feet.’ West Brom, though, barely mustered a shot on goal with Berahino failing to impress in front of Hodgson. Pulis added: ‘Saido has been fantastic for us but he took a knock early in the game and struggled. He’s had better days.’ As has everyone who had the misfortune to be at the Stadium of Light. Saido Berahino and Anthony Reveillere of Sunderland compete for the ball in front of the fans .
highlights: Sunderland had a legitimate goal disallowed at the Stadium of Light . Referee Mike Jones should also have sent Joleon Lescott off . Roy Hodgson watched as Jermain Defoe and Saido Berahino stuttered . The game was Sunderland's 13th draw of the Premier League season .
id: 127ad367cb801ab7e0823584620465e303c83bf1
chatgpt: Sunderland's Premier League match at the Stadium of Light against West Bromwich Albion ended in a frustrating 0-0 draw for the home side, despite their best efforts in front of a passionate home crowd. The match was characterized by controversial refereeing decisions that ultimately left the Black Cats ruing missed opportunities to secure all three points. In the second half, Sunderland thought they had taken the lead thanks to a legitimate goal from midfielder Craig Gardner, but their celebrations were cut short when referee Mike Jones disallowed the goal for an alleged foul. Replays showed that there was no contact made by any Sunderland player on West Brom's Jonas Olsson, and the decision rightly angered the home crowd. As if that wasn't enough, Jones had earlier missed a clear red card offence committed by West Brom's Joleon Lescott, who had pulled back Sunderland's Connor Wickham as he looked to race through on goal. The decision not to send Lescott off left the Sunderland players and fans feeling aggrieved. The missed opportunities came thick and fast for Sunderland as they dominated possession and created a number of chances, but were unable to make the breakthrough. Striker Jermain Defoe struggled to find the target and was replaced by Steven Fletcher towards the end of the game, while Saido Berahino looked far from his best for the visitors. Sunderland's manager, Roy Hodgson, was understandably frustrated with the result. "We did everything we could to win the game, but in the end it's down to the decisions of the referee," he said. "It's incredibly frustrating for us and the fans, but we have to move on and focus on the next game. We showed today that we have the quality to win matches, but we need to be more clinical." The draw was Sunderland's 13th of the season, leaving them perilously close to the relegation zone. However, with their next match against bottom-placed Aston Villa, Hodgson's men will be looking to take all three points and give themselves some much-needed breathing space. Despite the frustrating result, the Sunderland faithful left the Stadium of Light feeling proud of their team's efforts, knowing that they had been robbed of a well-deserved victory. With the support of their passionate fans, Sunderland will surely find the strength to continue fighting until the end of the season.