article: Cyberbullying at schools is rife with more than two-thirds of teachers saying they've seen pupils trolling and bullying each other online. And almost half of teachers admit they feel unprepared to tackle the problem. A YouGov poll of 701 teachers also revealed that a shocking 73 per cent fear sexting, grooming and cyberbullying is on the rise at schools. A survey of 701 teachers showed that 73 per cent fear sexting, grooming and cyberbullying are on the rise . Meanwhile almost half of teachers (42 per cent) admitted they have never taught e-safety, while almost a third (30 per cent) say they would feel out of their depth tackling it in class. As well as bullying and trolling, 42 per cent of secondary school teachers said they had seen students sexting. Online child safety expert Professor Andy Phippen . Teachers also admitted being in the dark about what pupils use their smartphones for, with 43 per cent saying they don't understand the apps their pupils use at school. Online child safety expert Professor Andy Phippen said: 'This research suggests that schools may not be doing enough to protect pupils from the dangers of the digital world. 'Further training, technology and resources are needed to support teachers as more and more students carry powerful tablets and smartphones into school. 'Equally, it is important that we teach pupils about the safe use of the internet, rather than simply banning technology in schools, which, while perhaps seeming like an easy option, is actually preventing the fantastic opportunities mobile tech provides for both formal and informal learning.' The research comes as Point2Protect launches a new e-safety service for schools with support from the UK Safer Internet Centre, to help schools manage these online threats. The service is more advanced than typical 'stop and block' e-safety tools. For the first time schools can understand how pupils are using the internet on all the devices they carry. Ian Skeels, Director of Point2Protect, a company that designs internet safety systems and commissioned the research, said: 'For too long there's been confusion between government, schools, and parents over whose responsibility it is to protect young people from harmful online content, both within the classroom and beyond. 'Our service provides the transparent oversight schools need to identify potential issues and start a positive, open dialogue between teachers and pupils about appropriate online behaviour.'
highlights: Nearly three quarters of 701 teachers polled by YouGov fear sexting, grooming and cyberbullying are on the rise . Almost half admitted that they had never taught internet safety . Nearly a third added that they would feel out of their depth teaching it .
id: 9a92a67c4985f2ebf8d8ba05ae080560dff4ed6e
chatgpt: According to a recent survey conducted by YouGov, nearly 75% of teachers who participated expressed concern over the increasing prevalence of sexting, grooming, and cyberbullying among students. The study involved 701 teachers from different parts of the United Kingdom. These statistics represent an alarming trend that has been observed among school-going children all over the world. The digital age has brought with it risks that were unimaginable a few decades ago. With mobile phones, tablets, and laptops being an integral part of our lives, children are more exposed to the dangers of the internet than ever before. Interestingly, the same survey revealed that almost half of the teachers admitted that they had never taught internet safety to their students. This figure is alarming and shows that schools need to do more to educate children about the dangers of the internet. Parents, too, need to take a more active role in helping their children navigate the online world. Furthermore, the survey found that nearly a third of the teachers felt out of their depth when it came to teaching internet safety. This highlights a need for more training for teachers in this area so that they can pass on valuable knowledge to their students. Given the rapid pace at which technology is changing, teachers need to be equipped with the tools and knowledge to ensure that they can help their students stay safe online. Commenting on the survey, a spokesperson for YouGov said, "The results of this survey are a wake-up call to schools and parents. We need to do more to educate our children about the dangers of sexting, grooming, and cyberbullying. It's not enough to assume that children know how to stay safe online - we need to actively teach them." The survey underscores the importance of internet safety education in schools. As children continue to spend more time online, it is up to parents and educators to ensure that they can do so safely. By teaching children about the risks of the internet and how to navigate it responsibly, we can help create a safer and more secure digital world for future generations.