article: Brendan Rodgers insisted that Dejan Lovren was happy to take a penalty before his miss ended Liverpool's Europa League hopes in Istanbul on Thursday. Liverpool, who famously won the Champions League in a shootout at the Ataturk Stadium in 2005, suffered their first ever European defeat on penalties at the fourth attempt. Lovren, who has struggled to live up to his £20million transfer fee from Southampton last summer, took his spot-kick ahead of more attacking players like Raheem Sterling with the teams tied at 4-4 in the shootout, and fired over the bar. Dejan Lovren fires his penalty over the bar to send Besiktas through and knock Liverpool out of the cup . The summer signing was clearly distraught after his miss sent Brendan Rodgers side crashing out . 'Yes he was happy to take one,' said Rodgers. 'You saw the penalty takers that opted to take one were all confident. The four before Dejan were very good penalty-takers. We've had experience already in a cup competition this year so we were happy with the takers and Dejan was confident. 'We're obviously disappointed for him because he played very well. Someone has to miss and unfortunately it was him. But they were all happy to take one. 'We're disappointed of course to go out in the manner we did. We didn't come to lose, we came to win and to qualify. Rodgers (left) confirmed that Lovren 'was happy' to step up and take a spot kick against Besiktas . 'Over course of the game we defended very well and limited them to very few chances, but the mistake we made we got punished for where we were just too deep. 'Obviously I'm proud of the team and the young players who gained experience in a fantastic atmosphere. 'We now just have to concentrate on a league campaign that's starting to go well for us. The object of our season is to win a cup but we've got an excellent opportunity in other competitions.' Liverpool players console each other after being knocked out of the last 32 of the Europa League .
highlights: Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers says Dejan Lovren wanted to take a penalty during their Europa League clash away to Besiktas . The Turkish side won 5-4 on penalties at the Ataturk Stadium in Istanbul . Lovren missed his spot kick and Liverpool went out of the Europa League . Click here for all the latest Liverpool news .
id: 8eaf5f582119488d3f1ac089e465aad76712c0a3
chatgpt: Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers has revealed that Dejan Lovren volunteered to take a penalty during their Europa League match against Besiktas at the Ataturk Stadium in Istanbul. Unfortunately, the Croatian defender missed his spot-kick, as the Turkish giants won 5-4 on penalties, sending the Reds crashing out of the competition. Speaking to reporters after the match, Rodgers said Lovren had asked to take a penalty, adding that he was "disappointed" the defender missed the crucial spot-kick. "He showed great bravery to take it," the Liverpool boss said. "But unfortunately, he missed it." The match had been closely contested throughout, with neither side able to find the back of the net in regulation time. With the score tied 1-1 on aggregate after extra time, the match went to penalties. Liverpool held the advantage early on as Besiktas missed their second penalty, but Lovren's miss proved to be decisive. The Reds had another chance to stay in the game, but their last shot was saved by Besiktas goalkeeper Cenk Gonen. The defeat will come as a huge disappointment to Liverpool, who had high hopes of reaching the quarter-finals of the Europa League this season. The Reds had been in sparkling form in the competition before the Besiktas defeat, having won five of their six previous matches. Despite the disappointment, Rodgers was keen to praise his players for their efforts. "I think the players gave everything they had out there," he said. "It's always difficult to lose on penalties, but I think we can hold our heads up high." Liverpool will now turn their attention back to the Premier League, as they bid to secure a top-four finish and qualification for next season's Champions League. The Reds are currently sixth in the table, three points behind fourth-placed Chelsea. Fans can keep up to date with all the latest Liverpool news and updates by visiting the club's official website.