article: Washington (CNN) -- President Obama's punch lines targeted a diverse group Saturday -- from teen sensations the Jonas Brothers to comedian Jay Leno, whom he described as the only person with worse ratings than his. "Jonas Brothers are here tonight," the president said at the annual White House Correspondents' dinner. Daughters "Sasha and Malia are huge fans. But boys, don't get any ideas. Two words: predator drones." Obama said he was happy to address the crowd before Leno, who headlined the annual event. "Glad to see the only person whose ratings fell more than mine last year. ... I'm also glad that I'm speaking first," he said. "We've seen what happens when someone takes the time slot after Leno," the president added, referring to comedian Conan O'Brien leaving NBC after an unsuccessful stint hosting "The Tonight Show." Members of the Obama administration, including Vice President Joe Biden and chief of staff Rahm Emanuel, were not safe from the zingers either. Former rivals and volatile current issues were also part of the stand-up. The president noted that Arizona Sen. John McCain did not identify himself as a maverick this year -- a title he frequently touted when he was running for presidency against Obama. "And we all know what happens in Arizona when you don't have an ID. ... Adios amigos," Obama said. The president's quip referred to a new immigration law requiring officers in the state to question people about their immigration status if they think they're in the country illegally. Arizona is McCain's home state. Leno also took a dig at the Arizona law. "I got stuck behind the Arizona congressional delegation -- luckily all their papers were in order so I didn't have any trouble getting in," the comedian said while describing the event's tight security. On the president, Leno said he's not as antisocial as some critics accuse him of being. "He loves to socialize ... health care, car companies, things of that nature," Leno said. The first White House Correspondents' Association dinner was held in 1920 to boost communication between the press and the president, according to the association's website. It was open only to men until 1962, when President John F. Kennedy said he would not attend unless women were invited. Saturday's glitzy event featured various big names, including lawmakers, celebrities and journalists.
highlights: Celebrities from journalism, politics and showbiz gather at annual dinner . Obama kids Jay Leno about their shared problem -- sinking ratings . Both gets in digs at new Arizona immigration law .
id: c89b66b2d7fc30f3ad7ff6150aa67527d4f96184
chatgpt: The annual White House Correspondents’ Association dinner saw the glitterati of the US media, politics and showbiz worlds coming together for a night of entertainment and laughs. This year’s festivities, held on Saturday 29th April, were no different with a line-up of sharp-witted comedians delivering punchy and sometimes controversial remarks about current issues. President Obama’s daughters, Sasha and Malia, were in attendance, as was the President himself, who delivered a comic monologue poking fun at himself as well as Republican leaders. But it was the President’s exchange with talk show host, Jay Leno, that really grabbed people’s attention. The two men traded quips about their shared predicament of low ratings, with the President jokingly suggesting they could do a joint show entitled “The Jay-Z and Kanye of Politics and Entertainment.” The men also took time to address the hot-button issue of immigration, with Leno referring to the new Arizona immigration law as the “Juan Jose Jimenez Law.” The controversial law has been met with widespread protests and has even prompted calls for boycotts of Arizona products. But President Obama was quick to remind everyone that the law has been criticized by civil rights groups and that the White House was monitoring the situation closely. He went on to say that his administration was committed to finding solutions that were both fair and effective. Other notable guests at the event included Hollywood A-listers like Demi Moore, Ashton Kutcher and Scarlett Johansson. The event is known for its celebrity sightings and star-studded after-parties, but it also serves as a moment for the political and media elites to come together in a casual environment. Amidst all the glitz and glamour, however, the event’s underlying mission is to promote and recognize excellence in journalism. The dinner traditionally awards scholarships to high school and college students, encouraging the next generation of reporters and editors. As the night wore on, the party-goers were treated to performances by musical artists like Sheryl Crow and the Foo Fighters. But it was President Obama’s closing toast that brought the proceedings to a close, as he raised a glass and said, “Let’s never forget that even in the toughest of times, we are all in this together.”