article: By . Tom Roddy for MailOnline . Iker Casillas celebrated 15 years since making his debut for Real Madrid  and could be in line to face rivals Atletico. It was under John Toshack in a 2-2 draw with Athletic Bilbao in September 1999 that the highly decorated Spanish keeper made his first-team bow. Casillas, now 33, enjoyed a decade of success for both club and country, captaining Spain to successive European titles in 2008 and 2012, and lifting the World Cup in South Africa four years ago. Anniversary: Today marked 15 years since Iker Casillas made his debut for Real Madrid . In the famous white of Real, Casillas has won three Champions League medals, five La Liga titles and two King's Cups. It was under the management of Jose Mourinho, however, that Casillas lost his place as Madrid's first choice keeper. Having usually found regularity in the first team, Casillas soon became a rarity. When Carlo Ancelotti took Mourinho's seat as manager in 2013, the Italian continued to pick Diego Lopez as his goalkeeper in La Liga but used Casillas in Europe. Golden generation: Casillas was part of Spain's formidable side in 2010 . Iker Casillas lifted the European trophy (left) in 2008 as Spain beat Germany 1-0, and two years later he raised the World Cup in South Africa (right) Despite Lopez's departure to AC Milan this summer, competition for the number one jersey remains high as Ancelotti brought in Keylor Navas, who impressed for Costa Rica in Brazil this summer. But Ancelotti has reinstated Casillas as his number one and the 55-year-old manager has signalled that he will remain there. 'He (Casillas) has never lost our confidence,' Ancelotti explained in a news conference. 'We congratulated him today for his anniversary with Real Madrid and we wish him the best for the future. We have the same confidence in him as always.' Jose Mourinho (left) famously dropped Iker Casillas but he has been reinstated by new manager Carlo Ancelotti (right) Iker Casillas (left) now has competition from the talented Costa Rican keeper, Keylor Navas (right) That confidence may have wavered, however, had it not been for Sergio Ramos' late goal against Atletico in the Champions League final in May. Real went on to win their tenth European title but were been minutes away from letting it slip away to their local rivals after Casillas' early mistake allowed Diego Godin to put Atletico in front. Had Diego Simeone's side had a player guarding the back post, Casillas could have found himself in a very different position. They didn't, and Ramos' equaliser may have saved more than Casillas' blushes. Should the Spaniard feature, it will be his 684th appearance for Real, who is third on the all-time list behind Raul (741) and Manolo Sanchis (710).
highlights: Iker Casillas, 33, made his debut for Real in September 1999 . With 683 appearances, he is third on Real's all-time list . The Spaniard lost his place to Diego Lopez  under Jose Mourinho's management . He was reinstated by Carlo Ancelotti in his second season as manager at the Bernabeu .
id: a86db4061175e5397b4d4228420cd43a5c37888f
chatgpt: Iker Casillas, one of the greatest goalkeepers in football history, made his debut for Real Madrid in September 1999 at just 18 years old. Since then, he has become a club icon with 683 appearances, putting him third on Real's all-time list of most capped players. Casillas has been a key figure in the club's successes, including three UEFA Champions League titles and five La Liga trophies. However, in 2013, Casillas lost his place as the club's first choice goalkeeper to Diego Lopez under the management of then-head coach Jose Mourinho. Despite being a fan favorite, Casillas' form had dipped, and Mourinho preferred to use Lopez in the starting lineup. This decision was a controversial one, with many fans calling for Casillas to be reinstated as the club's first choice goalkeeper. After Mourinho left the club in 2013, Carlo Ancelotti took over as the manager in the following season. In his second season as the club's head coach, Ancelotti reinstated Casillas as the club's first choice goalkeeper, a decision that was welcomed by the club's loyal fan base. Casillas' reinstatement proved to be a wise one, as he led Real Madrid to success in the UEFA Champions League in the 2013-14 season. His performances were key to the club's success, with Casillas making crucial saves in the final against Atletico Madrid to help seal a historic 10th European Cup for the club. Despite being sidelined during Mourinho's tenure, Casillas remained a loyal servant to the club he had grown up supporting. He has always been a role model on and off the field, and his commitment to the club has never been in question. Casillas finally left Real Madrid in 2015 for Portuguese giants Porto, where he enjoyed a successful three-year spell before announcing his retirement in August 2020. Many Real Madrid supporters still hold Casillas in high regard, not just for his performances on the field, but also for his character and leadership off the field. Casillas will always be remembered as one of the greatest goalkeepers to ever play for Real Madrid, and his contribution to the club's success will not be forgotten.