article: (CNN)Some recent visitors to Disneyland left the fabled theme park with a souvenir they won't soon forget: measles. Public health officials in California and Utah confirmed nine cases Wednesday, all of them visitors of either Disneyland or Disney California Adventure Park in Anaheim between December 15 and December 20. The California Department of Public Health said it suspects an additional three cases but had not yet confirmed those diagnoses. According to the CDC, measles is respiratory disease caused by a virus and spread through the air.  It was considered eradicated in the United States in 2000, though 2014 saw a record-breaking number of confirmed cases: 610 according to the Centers for Disease Control, "the highest number of cases since measles elimination was documented in the U.S. in 2000," the CDC says on its website. Nevertheless, California health officials speculate that since Disneyland attracts visitors from around the world -- including places where the highly contagious disease is prevalent -- that was likely the case here. "Travelers to areas where measles is endemic can bring measles back to the U.S., resulting in limited domestic transmission of measles," read a statement from California Department of Public Health. "Disney and other theme parks in California are international attractions and visitors come from many parts of the world, including those where measles is endemic." Dr. Pamela Hymel, Disney's chief medical officer, issued a brief statement: "We are working with the health department to provide any information and assistance we can." As for symptoms, "measles starts with a fever, runny nose, cough, red eyes and sore throat," according to the CDC. Those showing such symptoms shouldn't be bashful about seeing their doctor, because a full body rash is likely to break out next.  "If you have symptoms, and believe you may have been exposed, please contact your health care provider," said Dr. Ron Chapman, California's state health office. Chapman says prevention is the key: "The best way to prevent measles and its spread is to get vaccinated." 5 things to know about measles .
highlights: Nine visitors to Disneyland or Disney California Adventure Park have been infected with measles . The people with measles hail from California and Utah . They visited the theme park between December 15 and December 20 .
id: 940954a2d9ecc10c29192041694abb00d5c2e233
chatgpt: Nine visitors to Disneyland or Disney California Adventure Park have been infected with measles, according to the California Department of Public Health. The people with measles hail from California and Utah. They visited the theme park between December 15 and December 20. The outbreak is worrying, especially given the highly infectious nature of the disease. Measles is a viral infection that spreads easily through coughing and sneezing. Symptoms include fever, cough, runny nose, inflamed eyes, and a red, blotchy rash. The disease is most dangerous for very young children, pregnant women, and people with compromised immune systems. The cases are concerning because measles is a highly contagious virus that can spread easily in crowded places like theme parks. It is not yet clear how the people with measles contracted the virus. However, health officials warn that people who are not vaccinated are at higher risk of contracting the disease. The California Department of Public Health is urging anyone who visited Disneyland or Disney California Adventure Park between December 15 and December 20 to monitor themselves for symptoms of measles, including fever, cough, runny nose, inflamed eyes, and a red, blotchy rash. If you have been to Disneyland or Disney California Adventure Park during this time and have not been vaccinated or are unsure of your vaccination status, health officials are recommending that you contact your healthcare provider immediately. They urge people to get vaccinated as soon as possible to protect themselves from this highly infectious disease. Disneyland has responded to the outbreak by issuing a statement saying they will cooperate with health officials to ensure the safety and well-being of their guests and employees. Disneyland has also announced that they will be providing vaccination clinics for their employees. In conclusion, the recent outbreak of measles at Disneyland and Disney California Adventure Park is a reminder of the importance of vaccination. It is imperative that people take the necessary steps to protect themselves from this highly contagious virus. Anyone who visited these parks between December 15 and December 20 are strongly urged to monitor themselves for symptoms and to contact their healthcare provider if they develop any of the signs of measles.