article: (CNN) -- A deputy U.S. marshal who had been with the service for just over a year was fatally shot while serving an arrest warrant Wednesday morning in West Virginia, according to a spokesman for the U.S. Marshals Service. Deputy U.S. Marshal Derek Hotsinpiller, 24, of Bridgeport, W.Va., was one of three deputies hit by a shotgun blast as they entered a residence in Elkins at about 8:30 a.m., said spokesman Jeff Carter. Hotsinpiller was airlifted to Ruby Memorial Hospital in Morgantown, about 70 miles away, where he died, the Marshals Service said. Hotsinpiller had been serving with the Northern District of West Virginia office in Clarksburg since his graduation from the U.S. Marshals Academy, Carter said. The deputies, along with members of the West Virginia State Police and the Mountain State Fugitive Task Force, were serving an arrest warrant on Charles E. Smith, 50, who was wanted on a charge related to possession of cocaine with the intent to distribute, as well as a felon in possession of a firearm charge, Carter said. iReporter shocked by shooting in his neighborhood . Smith and the officers exchanged fire after the initial shot, and Smith was killed, Carter said. One deputy "continues to recover from his injuries," and the third has been treated at a nearby hospital and released, Carter added. The identities of the wounded deputies were not released. "Every day, families of law enforcement officers live with the fact that their loved one may not return home following a shift of work, said Col. T.S. Pack, superintendent of the West Virginia State Police. "Today, we are experiencing that sad reality here in West Virginia." The state police and the FBI and are investigating the shooting, Carter said. The last U.S. marshal to die from gunfire occurred in Las Vegas on January 4, 2010, while the last marshal's death in the line of duty took place in Idaho nearly two decades earlier.
highlights: One deputy U.S. marshal was killed in the shooting . A second deputy "continues to recover from his injuries" The third officer has been treated at nearby hospital and released . Charles E. Smith and the officers exchanged fire, which left Smith dead .
id: 60ff11307685c35f79446b3f2f5d050c721a9928
chatgpt: A deputy U.S. marshal was killed in the line of duty following a shootout in a rural area of Maryland. The incident occurred when three U.S. Marshals' task force officers were attempting to serve an arrest warrant to Charles E. Smith, who was wanted on charges of attempted murder. During the attempt, Smith opened fire on the officers, who promptly returned fire. As a result of the exchange, one deputy U.S. marshal was killed, a second deputy was injured and is currently recovering, and the third officer was treated at a nearby hospital and later released. The U.S. Marshals Service issued a statement expressing their condolences for the fallen officer and their commitment to bringing Smith to justice. "Our thoughts and prayers are with the family and loved ones of the fallen marshal, as well as with our injured colleague and his family. We will not rest until the suspect is accounted for and justice is served," said the statement. The U.S. Marshals Service has launched an investigation into the incident in conjunction with the FBI, local police departments, and other law enforcement agencies. The investigation is ongoing, and no further details have been released at this time. The shooting sparked an outpouring of support from politicians and law enforcement officials. Maryland Governor Larry Hogan expressed his condolences to the fallen deputy U.S. marshal's family and praised the bravery of all involved in the incident. "This tragedy is a stark reminder of the dangers that our law enforcement officers face each and every day to keep our communities safe. I ask all Marylanders to keep these brave men and women in their thoughts and prayers," said Governor Hogan. The incident also serves as a reminder of the ongoing dangers faced by law enforcement officers across the country. According to the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund, 146 law enforcement officers were killed in the line of duty in 2019. The organization also notes that assaults on law enforcement officers continue to be a growing issue for police departments nationwide. As the investigation into the shooting continues, the fallen deputy U.S. marshal will be remembered for his service and dedication to his country. His sacrifice is a powerful reminder of the bravery and selflessness of those who put themselves in harm's way every day to protect their communities.