article: New York (CNN) -- The space shuttle Enterprise, mounted atop a 747 jumbo jet, swooped across the New York City skyline on Friday before touching down at the city's John F. Kennedy International Airport, bringing an end to its final flight. It took off from Virginia's Dulles International Airport with a flight plan that included fly-bys of the Statue of Liberty and other Gotham landmarks. It is ultimately bound for its new home at the city's Intrepid Sea, Air and Space Museum. "This is going to be the largest NASA artifact north of Baltimore in the entire Northeast region," said Susan Marenoff-Zausner, the Intrepid's president. "For kids to be able to come and see this when they'd have to travel miles and miles to go somewhere else, it's right in their back yard." The space agency said it will put the shuttle on a barge in a few weeks and float it up the Hudson River to its final home. "It's the end of one era, but I think it's the beginning of another era," said space historian Andrew Chaikin. "The shuttle was amazing but it's not sustainable. And above all, we need a space program that can do great things in a sustainable way." Share your shuttle photos, videos with CNN iReport . The shuttle, which has been on display at a Smithsonian Institute museum near Washington, is the latest to shift locations as NASA sends its fleet into retirement. Discovery -- the most traveled of the shuttles -- is replacing Enterprise in the Smithsonian facility. Completed in 1976, Enterprise was designed as a prototype test vehicle. Test pilots demonstrated that it could fly and land in the atmosphere like airplanes, but the Enterprise never flew in space. "It's a very gratifying feeling for someone who's devoted their career to test flying like myself and all the other astronauts," said former Air Force Maj. Gen. Joe Engle, who commanded one of two flight crews that manned the Enterprise during test flights in 1977. "To get a flight in a space shuttle is just the culmination of your entire professional career." The shuttle was originally to be named the Constitution, but a write-in campaign by fans of the television series "Star Trek" persuaded officials to rename it in honor of the show's main starship. NASA sent the shuttle on a tour of Europe and Canada in 1983, and it also appeared in the 1984 World's Fair in New Orleans. The craft made a brief return to service as a ground test vehicle in 1984 before retiring to the Smithsonian's collection in 1985. NASA is preparing to fly space shuttle Endeavour to Los Angeles sometime in the second half of the year. Atlantis is being readied for display at the Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex in Florida. The other two shuttles in the NASA program, Challenger and Columbia, were destroyed in flight.
highlights: NEW: "This is going to be the largest NASA artifact north of Baltimore," Intrepid's president says . The shuttle is flown over various landmarks before landing in New York . It will be housed at the Intrepid Sea, Air and Space Museum .
id: cc7c20d85640f8593daac62e6a2ddb0874567177
chatgpt: The Intrepid Sea, Air and Space Museum, located in New York, will soon have a new addition that is sure to excite visitors. The museum is set to become home to the largest NASA artifact north of Baltimore: the Space Shuttle Enterprise. "This is going to be the largest NASA artifact north of Baltimore," said Susan Marenoff-Zausner, president of the Intrepid Museum. "We are thrilled to have the Enterprise join our collection." The Space Shuttle Enterprise, which was used for test flights in the 1970s, was transported to New York on the back of a Boeing 747 in 2012. The shuttle was flown over notable landmarks, including the Statue of Liberty and the Intrepid Museum itself, before landing at JFK airport. Since its arrival in New York, the Enterprise has undergone extensive restoration work to prepare it for display. The shuttle will be mounted on the flight deck of the Intrepid Museum, where visitors will be able to get up close and personal with the iconic spacecraft. The addition of the Space Shuttle Enterprise comes as part of the museum's ongoing efforts to tell the story of America's journey into space. The Intrepid Museum is home to a vast collection of artifacts related to space exploration, including the Gemini 3 spacecraft, which was piloted by John Young and Gus Grissom in 1964. "We believe that the Space Shuttle Enterprise is an important piece of this history, and we are honored to be able to display it for our visitors," said Marenoff-Zausner. The Intrepid Museum is not only an important cultural institution but also a major tourist attraction. The museum attracts millions of visitors each year who come to learn about America's military history, explore the workings of aircraft and spacecraft, and experience the thrill of flight. The addition of the Space Shuttle Enterprise is sure to attract even more visitors to the museum, and the museum is pulling out all the stops to make sure that its display of the shuttle is a memorable one. The shuttle will be showcased alongside a variety of other space-related artifacts, including spacesuits and lunar rover prototypes. Visitors will also have the opportunity to learn more about the science and technology behind space exploration through interactive exhibits and educational programs. "We want this to be an immersive experience for our visitors," said Marenoff-Zausner. "We want them to be able to learn about the challenges and triumphs of space exploration and to be inspired by what they see." The Space Shuttle Enterprise is set to make its official debut at the Intrepid Museum in the coming months. It will join a collection of other historic artifacts that tell the story of America's military and technological achievements. For visitors to the museum, the addition of the shuttle is sure to be a highlight of their visit and an experience they will never forget.