article: The pregnant wife of Olympic ski champion Bode Miller has shared a new photo of her growing baby bump. Morgan Beck, who is now six months along with her first child posted a side-on selfie on Instagram with the words: '6 months, 28 lbs and an amazing appetite. This isn't so bad.' The professional volleyball player and model, 27, added in the comments that she was 'impressed' by her weight gain. Scroll down for video . Three months to go! Bode Miller's wife Morgan Beck has shared a selfie of her growing baby bump . She also shared that she and her husband have decided not to find out the sex of the baby before it is born. 'It's going to be a surprise!' she wrote. 'It's so hard for me not knowing though.' The couple, who married in 2012, confirmed in December that they were expecting a baby. It will be a first child for Beck and a third for Miller, 37, who has a six-year-old daughter with Chanel Johnson, and a son, two, with ex-partner Sarah McKenna. The announcement came just weeks after Beck suggested that McKenna became pregnant with Miller's son by 'taking a condom out of the trash'. Mom to be: Beck shared another baby bump snap in December, just days after she and her husband announced they were expecting . Showing: In a photo of the couple posted over Thanksgiving (above), Beck's little bump can be seen . In an anonymous November post on TheBump.com, she wrote: 'Girls do crazy things for money... including taking condoms out of trash cans and locking themselves in a bathroom.' But when readers became aware of her identity, the image and posts were promptly removed. McKenna and Miller were involved in litigation over custody of their young son since his birth, with the case only being settled at the end of last year, though details have not been made public. Even more strange is the fact that the boy's legal name is Samuel Bode Miller-McKenna, though Miller calls him Nathaniel to honor his brother who died of a seizure at the age of 29 in 2013. Drama: In November, Beck accused Miller's ex Sara McKenna (left) of getting pregnant with their son (pictured with Miller, right) by taking a condom out of the trash . Champion: Miller is the most successful male American alpine ski racer of all time . McKenna dismissed Beck's claims about how she got pregnant, saying: 'Sam was conceived the old fashioned while we were on vacation in Florida. 'This Morgan thing has been getting a little out of control and downright scary and I would like it to stop.' Miller and Beck met in 2012 just months after he began dating McKenna, and were married in October 2012. Early in 2013, Beck suffered a miscarriage, just one month before McKenna gave birth.
highlights: Olympic ski champion Bode Miller, 37, and his wife Morgan Beck, 27, announced in December that they were expecting their first child together . Beck famously implied that Miller's ex, Sara McKenna, became pregnant with his son by 'taking a condom out of the trash' The professional volleyball player and model suffered a miscarriage in early 2013, just one month before McKenna gave birth .
id: 9ca000193bc38ebaee08ce1840ffe202abcdd590
chatgpt: Olympic ski champion Bode Miller and his wife Morgan Beck have announced that they are expecting their first child together. The couple made the announcement in December, and it was met with joy and excitement from fans around the world. However, the path to parenthood has not been easy for the couple. Morgan, who is also a professional volleyball player and model, suffered a heartbreaking miscarriage in early 2013, just one month before Miller's ex-girlfriend, Sara McKenna, gave birth to their son. The loss was devastating for the couple, and they have spoken about it openly in interviews. In fact, Morgan famously implied that McKenna became pregnant with Miller's son by "taking a condom out of the trash." Her comments caused controversy at the time, and some criticized her for speaking out against Miller's ex-girlfriend. However, Morgan and Bode have always been honest and open about their experiences, and they have said that they hope to help others who are going through similar struggles. Despite the difficulties they have faced, the couple is overjoyed to be expecting a child together. Miller, who is now 37 years old, has five children from previous relationships, but this will be the first child for him and Morgan. The couple has not yet revealed the gender of their baby or when it is due, but fans are eagerly awaiting news. Miller and Beck are active on social media, and they have shared updates with their followers throughout Morgan's pregnancy. Many fans have praised the couple for their resilience and strength in the face of adversity. Miller is known for his incredible skiing skills and Olympic victories, but he has also been open about his struggles with depression and substance abuse. Morgan has also faced challenges in her career as a professional athlete and model. Despite it all, the couple has remained strong and supportive of each other. They have said that they are excited to welcome their child into the world and to start a new chapter in their lives together. As the due date approaches, fans around the world are sending their love and best wishes to Miller and Beck. The couple has been through a lot, but they have shown time and again that they are a team, and they are ready to take on whatever challenges come their way.