article: A brave German Shepherd puppy was badly injured after he pushed a boy out of the path of a runaway lorry and took the impact himself. Eight-month-old Geo has been hailed a hero by his adoring family after he averted tragedy on a family walk in Clacton-on-Sea, Essex. Carly Riley and her three sons Charlie,10, Josh, seven, and Ben, four, were walking along Burrs Road in the town when the accident happened. Boy's best friend: Geo the German Shepherd suffered serious injuries when he heroically saved the life of 10-year-old Charlie, pictured here with him . As they waited at a street corner to cross the road, an out-of-control truck careered onto the pavement, heading straight for Charlie. Geo jumped forwards, pushing the boy out of the way, and was hit off the pavement and onto the road.  He was then hit by the vehicle again before the driver drove off. Mrs Riley and her factory worker husband Ian, 34, reported the hit-and-run to the police. Mrs Riley, who has set up a Facebook page called Geo The Hero in honour of her eight-month-old puppy, said: 'We were waiting to cross the road at the lights when I just heard a car going really fast.  Then a pick-up truck mounted the curb. 'Geo must have sensed it as he leapt on Charlie and took him out of the way. 'It could have wiped us all out.  If it wasn't for Geo I am 100 per cent sure it would've been Charlie.' Recovering at home: Geo has more than earned his keep by saving the life of his family's young son . Before the accident: Geo the puppy with a stick before he was hit by the truck in Clacton.  His family say he is now recovering . Geo, a German Shepherd-collie mix, suffered a broken leg, fractured spine and severe bruising in the accident, which happened earlier this month.  He endured five hours of surgery during which two metal plates were inserted in his leg. The Rileys, who hope he will make a good recovery, are now facing vets' bills of around £8,000 and have set up a PayPal account into which well-wishers may donate to help pay for the dog's treatment. Mrs Riley, 28, said: 'It wasn't a question of getting him put down: we want him fixed no matter what it costs.  He's family.'
highlights: Boy's mother Carly Riley says pet 'must have sensed' the child's danger . Family set up Facebook page and PayPal account after £8k vet bill .
id: 8872993c11057dfb7f0cffb558a442cf816d863d
chatgpt: A brave family's pet dog, a Staffordshire bull terrier named Max, is being hailed as a hero after he saved his young owner from a vicious dog attack. The incident occurred in a park in West London, where 10-year-old Harry Riley was playing with Max. Suddenly, another dog appeared and started attacking Harry, biting his arm and pulling him to the ground. Max immediately sprang into action, protecting Harry from the attacking dog and fighting it off. The other dog eventually fled the scene, thanks in no small part to Max's bravery. Harry's mother, Carly Riley, said that Max "must have sensed" the danger her son was in and acted to protect him. "Max is the gentlest dog you could ever meet," said Carly. "He's never shown any aggression before. But when he saw Harry being attacked, he became a different dog. He saved his life." The incident left Harry with serious injuries, including a broken arm and multiple puncture wounds. Harry was rushed to the hospital, where he received treatment for his injuries, including stitches and antibiotics. The family was faced with an £8,000 vet bill following Max's injuries sustained during the attack. In response, the Rileys set up a Facebook page and PayPal account to raise funds for Max's treatment. Thanks to the generosity of strangers, the family has exceeded their goal and will be able to cover the costs of Max's recovery. The Rileys are grateful to everyone who has helped them during this difficult time. "We've been overwhelmed by the kindness of strangers," said Carly. "People have been so generous, and we're so grateful. Max is recovering well, and we're all so relieved." The incident has sparked renewed calls for tighter regulations on dangerous dogs, particularly in public spaces like parks. The Rileys hope that their story will raise awareness of the importance of responsible pet ownership and encourage people to be more vigilant when dog owners are not controlling their pets. In the meantime, Max has been hailed as a hero by the community, with people sending messages of support and praise for his bravery. The Rileys are grateful to have him as a pet and promise to continue giving him the love and care he deserves.