article: It may come as no surprise to many men, but proposing to your partner really is a stressful business, it has been revealed. One bridegroom to be has revealed he wore a heart rate monitor throughout his proposal day. He posted the resulting chart to Reddit - revealing a huge spike as he popped the question. Redditor Sesipikai wore a hear rate monitor throughout the day as the couple walked around Rome before he proposed in the Forum . The user, called Sesipikai, wore a heart rate monitor throughout his day in Rome. He also carried a GPS unit to track his location as the couple explored. By linking the two, he was able to create the graph above in Microsoft Excel, and add in exactly what the couple did on their big day. The user, called Sesipikai, took his girlfriend to Rome for the proposal. The chart reveals their entire day, from walking through the Colosseum to buying ice cream. The user also had GPs co-ordinates for their day, allowing him to map exactly how the heart rate tallies to their location. The proposal was planned to happen in the Roman Forum - and the heart rate begins to rise as the couple turn and start walking towards it. Unsurprisingly, when he begins speaking, his heart rate rockets - peaking at130bpm. He then relaxes - only to see another rise as she says yes. In fact, the rate only then begins to drop as the couple find a nearby bench to sit on. The user posted the image with a simple caption saying 'Wore a heart rate belt during my trip to Rome. 'Export data to xml file. 'Created a graph using MS Excel.' The chart reveals their entire day, from walking through the Colosseum (left) to arriving the the Forum (right) to propose . He also revealed his biggest fear while walking - losing the ring. 'I was so afraid of losing the ring, ' he admitted. 'Had my hand inside the pocket most of the day. That ring burns your pocket like there's no tomorrow. 'I have a new found respect for mister frodo after that day.' He also revealed he fluffed his lines during the proposal. 'I didn't start with the question, had a little speech planned, might have forgotten a couple of lines though' The chart stuck a chord with other users of the site, who added their own feelings. 'My heart beat like crazy for a solid ten minutes waiting on a private moment and knowing it could come any second,' one said. however, others were less kind, with one joking: 'I hear she's really good between the spreadsheets.'
highlights: Bridegroom to be wore heart rate monitor for entire day to see how proposal affected him . As couple approached the Forum in Rome, where proposal took place, his heart rate rocketed . After second increase as she says yes, it only begins to subside when the pair find a bench to sit on .
id: 14015f972184df5a586663fdbb19afa96b27f699
chatgpt: A bridegroom-to-be decided to wear a heart rate monitor on his big day to see how his proposal affected him. As the couple approached the iconic Forum in Rome, where the proposal took place, his heart rate began to skyrocket. The groom-to-be was thrilled and excited as they made their way to the Forum, but his heart rate began to increase as they approached the spot where he had proposed to his beloved. The monitor showed that his heart rate had increased significantly since the beginning of the day. As he got down on one knee and proposed, his heart rate soared to a whole new level. It was only after she said yes that his heart rate began to subside, and it wasn't until the couple found a bench to sit on that it returned to a healthy level. The groom-to-be was amazed by the results of the monitor and how his proposal had affected his body. "I knew I was excited, but to see it in numbers was truly eye-opening," he said. The couple had been dating for four years, and the groom-to-be had been planning the proposal for months. He wanted to make sure it was a day he would never forget, and the heart rate monitor was just one way he could make it extra special. The Forum in Rome is a popular destination for tourists, and the groom-to-be wanted to make sure he proposed in a spot that was not only beautiful but meaningful as well. The couple had visited the Forum on a previous trip to Rome, and it had left a lasting impression on them. As they sat on the bench and took in the view of the Forum, the groom-to-be realized how lucky he was to have found such an incredible partner. "I can't believe I get to marry the love of my life," he said, wiping away tears of joy. The couple's proposal is a reminder that sometimes the most meaningful moments are the ones that can't be measured by numbers or statistics. Their love for each other is something that can't be quantified, but it is something that they can feel in their hearts. As the couple left the Forum hand in hand, the groom-to-be's heart rate returned to normal, but it was clear that his heart was still racing from the excitement of the day. They had just created a memory that would last a lifetime.