article: By . Kerry Mcdermott . PUBLISHED: . 07:36 EST, 14 August 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 09:38 EST, 14 August 2013 . 'Digsusted': The teenagers found live maggots wriggling around inside the box at the Tesco branch in Sunderland . Teenagers buying sweets in Tesco were horrified to discover live maggots crawling around inside a box of chocolates. The two boys told how shoppers abandoned their trolleys and walked out in disgust after they found the creatures wriggling around inside a box of Cadbury's Caramel Nibbles at the store in Sunderland. 'Disgusted' Josh Downs, 18, said what he initially thought was caramel leaking from the bag turned out to be maggots dropping off the packet and onto his hands. Mr Downs, who was buying treats with his friend Braden Little ahead of a trip to the cinema, said: 'I didn't realise what it was at first - I thought it was caramel leaking out of the packet. 'I felt something move and saw the maggots on my hand and my clothes. It was disgusting. 'It absolutely stank of fungus,' Mr Downs added. 'A lady shopping in the same aisle told me to go and wash my hands straight away.' His friend Mr Little, also 18, said other shoppers at the store in Roker Avenue were 'horrified' by the grisly sight on the supermarket shelf. 'Some people just abandoned their shopping and left the store - they were as disgusted as we were,' said the teenager, from Fulwell. 'The maggots were small and slimy and were crawling around the box. 'They were absolutely horrible and they smelled really bad. 'You just don't expect it in Tesco - I definitely won't be shopping there again,' he said. Tesco has said it is investigating the incident. 'Brushed off': Braden Little, 18, was reaching for a packet of chocolate sweets at the supermarket when he realised the box was crawling with maggots . The teenagers, who will both take up places at Sunderland University in September, immediately complained to the store manager about what they had seen. But the friends say they felt the incident was not taken seriously. 'We went to the customer service desk, but they just seemed to brush us off,' Mr Little said. 'They have told us they are doing an internal investigation, but we haven't heard anything since." Mr Downs mother Lisa Downs later called Tesco to complain and said she was offered vouchers by the retailer. A Tesco spokeswoman said: 'We'd like to thank our two customers for bringing this to our attention and we are sorry if they feel we didn't take this matter seriously. 'We would like to reassure them that we are concerned and are investigating how this happened.'
highlights: Josh Downs and Braden Little, both 18, buying sweets at Sunderland branch . Reached for pack of chocolates to find box crawling with live maggots . Told how 'disgusted' shoppers abandoned their trolleys and left store . Retailer has said it is investigating the incident at Tesco in Roker Avenue .
id: b10cb394f185c131ca6ba9555028e6a56e00fd4c
chatgpt: Two teenagers were left feeling disgusted after finding live maggots crawling in a pack of chocolates they reached for at a Tesco store in Sunderland. Josh Downs and Braden Little, both 18, had gone to the Tesco branch on Roker Avenue to buy some sweets when they spotted the infested pack. According to Josh and Braden, shoppers around them recoiled in horror as they realized what they had found, abandoning their trolleys and leaving the store. Speaking to the press, Josh said, "it was the most disgusting thing I have ever seen. I couldn't believe that someone hadn't spotted it sooner." Since the incident, Tesco has stated that it is investigating the issue and has apologized to the affected customers. According to a spokesperson for the retailer, "We take the quality and safety of our products extremely seriously and are investigating this incident with our supplier." While it is unclear how the maggots got into the chocolates in the first place, the incident has only added to the growing criticism of Tesco following other recent scandals, including the horsemeat scandal and the overcharging of customers. Critics say that the supermarket giant is not doing enough to ensure the safety and quality of its products. In response to the criticisms, Tesco has promised to improve its food safety procedures and to make sure that products are properly inspected before being sold to customers. The company has also pledged to improve its customer service, in an effort to regain the trust of its customers. Despite the company's promises, however, many customers remain skeptical, with some already vowing to boycott the retailer altogether. Some have even taken to social media to express their outrage over the incident, with some calling for a boycott of all Tesco stores until the company can demonstrate that it is taking proper measures to ensure the safety and quality of its products. This latest incident reinforces the need for retailers and food manufacturers to prioritize food safety and quality, and to implement measures to ensure that such incidents do not happen in the first place. Shoppers are increasingly concerned about the quality and origin of their food, and companies that fail to meet their expectations are likely to be subject to public criticism and financial penalties.