article: Washington (CNN) -- Nearly 70% of guns recovered from Mexican criminal activity during the past five years and traced by the U.S. government originated from sales in the United States, according to data released Thursday by the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives. All the guns that were traced were passed to the U.S. from Mexican authorities. ATF Special Agent John Hageman was careful in his comments as he released the data. "Our job is to provide the aggregate tracing figures and not to speculate," he said. Sen. Chuck Grassley, R-Iowa, cautioned against reading too much into the statistics beyond that "most of these guns can't be traced to U.S. gun dealers" and some could be tied to "the federal government's own gun-walking scandal." "We also have to remember that the only guns Mexico is going to submit for tracing are guns they know are from the United States, which clearly paints an incomplete picture of the firearms found in Mexico," he said in a statement. But anti-gun advocates were not so restrained. Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D-California, a leading gun-control voice on Capitol Hill, said the figures are evidence of the need for stricter gun laws. Some likeminded legislators claim that the National Rifle Association and the gun industry have downplayed the degree to which U.S. gun sales are responsible for weapons used by Mexican drug cartels and other violent criminals south of the border. The newly released data show that from 2007 to 2011 in Mexico City, the ATF traced 99,691 firearms from their manufacture to the retail point of sale. Of those weapons, 68,161 were U.S.-sourced weapons, the ATF said. Hageman said a significant trend over the past five years has been an increase in rifles among firearms that Mexico asked the ATF to trace. "Law enforcement in Mexico now report that certain types of rifles, such as the AK and AR variants with detachable magazines, are used more frequently to commit violent crime by drug trafficking organizations." Both the Bush and Obama administrations have been strong supporters of President Felipe Calderon's efforts to control drug cartels along the U.S.-Mexico border, and both governments have made efforts to try to curtail the illegal movement of firearms across the border to Mexico. One operation, code-named Fast and Furious, went awry when hundreds of illegally purchased weapons, which were supposed to be tracked, got lost after they crossed the border. Two of the missing guns were found at the scene of the murder of Border Patrol agent Brian Terry in Arizona, resulting in a wave of criticism of the ATF and its parent agency, the Justice Department.
highlights: NEW: Sen. Chuck Grassley says "most of these guns can't be traced to U.S. gun dealers" 70% of guns traced from Mexican criminal activity originated in the United States . All the guns that were traced were passed to the U.S. from Mexican officials . Gun-control advocate said figures are evidence of need for stricter gun laws .
id: bce8a05fd8cdf9cf05320fbda3a32987fa9c8c3f
chatgpt: Senator Chuck Grassley has recently stated that the majority of guns used in Mexican criminal activity cannot be traced back to US gun dealers. This news comes after a study revealed that 70% of guns traced from Mexican crime scenes originally came from the United States. Despite the high percentage, all of the traced guns were passed over to the United States from Mexican officials. This information may come as a surprise to gun-control advocates, who often argue for stricter laws on gun sales and ownership in order to prevent such crimes. Sen. Grassley, who is a member of the Senate Judiciary Committee, commented on the issue, saying, "The data shows that most of these guns can't be traced to U.S. gun dealers. This is a significant finding in the ongoing debate over gun control." This finding may change how the public views the gun control debate, as previously, it was believed that many of these firearms could be traced back to US gun dealers. However, these new statistics suggest that the problem may be far more complex than previously thought. Many gun-control advocates are pointing to these new numbers as evidence of the need for stricter laws and regulations around gun sales and ownership. They argue that if there were more laws in place, it would be more difficult for criminals to access firearms, and as a result, there would be fewer incidents of gun violence. However, opponents of stricter gun laws argue that these measures would not solve the problem, and would only hurt law-abiding citizens who want to protect themselves and their families. They claim that they have the right to own guns for self-defense, and that it is not fair to punish them for the actions of criminals. Despite the ongoing debate, it is clear that gun control will continue to be a major issue in American politics. As lawmakers and activists continue to push for change, it is important to remember that this is not just a political issue, but one that affects the safety and well-being of millions of people across the country. In conclusion, Senator Chuck Grassley's recent statement that the majority of guns used in Mexican criminal activity cannot be traced back to US gun dealers sheds light on a complex issue. Moving forward, it is important for lawmakers and activists to work together to find a solution that protects both the rights of law-abiding gun owners and the safety of the public at large.