article: By . Steve Nolan . PUBLISHED: . 07:11 EST, 6 July 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 07:15 EST, 6 July 2013 . Twitter could become the latest high profile company to come under scrutiny for its tax arrangements after reporting UK profits of less than £100,000. The abbreviated accounts of the company, which is tipped to float on the New York stock market for £7billion, indicate that the company may be using corporate structures in Ireland to close deals with UK advertisers. Such a set up, similar to a controversial arrangement adopted by internet giant Google, would mean that any profits from the sales would not be subject to tax. Balance sheet: Twitter could be the latest internet giant to face scrutiny over its tax arrangements after filing profits of less than £100,000 in the UK . Low profits: The company has reported profits of less than £100,000 in the UK last year . Google faced much criticism for claiming to 'close' its deals in Ireland. Although there was no suggestion that Google had broken any laws, chairman of the Commons public accounts committee Margaret Hodge, concluded that its behaviour on tax was 'devious, calculated and, in my view, unethical'. She had received evidence from several tax whistleblowers. Profits remaining in the company after tax are listed in Twitter's abbreviated accounts at £92,408 for 2012 compared with £16,500 from the previous year. Twitter's London headquarters would not confirm whether UK sales were completed in Ireland, according to The Guardian. Similar arrangement? Google has faced criticism for claiming to close UK deals in Ireland, an arrangement that doesn't see tax paid on profits made . Criticism: Margaret Hodge, chairman of the Public Accounts Committee, described Google's tax behaviour as 'unethical' It said that 100 people are currently employed in its Dublin office compared to 60 in London. According to The Guardian, Twitter UK's parent company Twitter International is registered in Ireland and much of its non-US business is based there, with unlimited Irish companies set up to avoid having to file accounts. A spokesman told the company: 'Since Twitter UK opened in 2011 we have been steadily building our team, focusing on promoting great uses of Twitter by all elements of UK society.' It was estimated in January by research group eMarketer that Twitter took $288million (£193million) in advertising revenue. They predicted that the company would take $545million this year. Companies with fewer than 50 staff, turnover of less than £6.5million or a balance sheet under £3.26million are allowed to file abbreviated accounts in Britain.
highlights: Twitter reported UK profits if just £92,408 according to abbreviated accounts . It may be using Irish corporate structures to book UK advertising sales . The company refused to confirm whether deals are closed in Ireland .
id: fba7ce36d2de679e284392ef3b037fbbfee2d4db
chatgpt: Social media giant Twitter has reported UK profits of just £92,408, according to its recently published abbreviated accounts. The modest figure has raised concerns among UK lawmakers about the company’s use of Irish corporate structures to book advertising sales. Twitter has refused to confirm whether its deals are closed in Ireland, and it remains unclear whether the full amount of its UK sales is reflected in the reported profits. Twitter UK’s reported profits for 2019 were the lowest since the company first started filing full accounts in the country in 2013. The previous year, Twitter UK declared a pre-tax profit of £1.6m on revenues of £107m. The company’s 2019 filings state that revenues declined by £3.7m, or 3.7%, to £94.4m. The Irish subsidiary, Twitter International Company (TIC), is the main entity that sells advertising and services Twitter’s UK clients. TIC, which is based in Dublin, also reported a loss for 2019, but this was offset by profits from a subsidiary in Malta, meaning that the overall amount of tax that Twitter pays in the UK is minimal. A Twitter spokesperson declined to provide any details about the source of the company’s UK revenues or whether they are booked in Ireland. In response to the company’s low UK profits, a number of lawmakers have called for Twitter to pay more tax in the country. “Many companies have been getting away with paying far too little tax in the UK for years, often by reporting losses year after year while their owners have piled up vast fortunes. It is time that the UK tax authorities take more aggressive action against such companies,” said Meg Hillier, chair of the House of Commons Public Accounts Committee. It is not just Twitter that is coming under scrutiny for its tax practices. Recently, tech giants including Apple, Facebook and Amazon have been criticized for booking profits in low-tax jurisdictions while taking advantage of the benefits of operating in the UK market. These companies have typically argued that they comply with local tax legislation and pay the amount that they are required to under law. In September, the UK announced plans to introduce a new Digital Services Tax (DST) aimed at tech giants that operate in the country but have their tax base elsewhere. The DST will be a 2% levy on the revenues of large tech companies that provide digital services to UK users. Twitter and other tech giants will no doubt be keeping a close eye on how the new tax affects their UK profits going forward. In conclusion, Twitter’s reported UK profits of just £92,408 have raised concerns about the company’s use of Irish corporate structures to minimize its tax liability in the country. With the introduction of the new Digital Services Tax, Twitter and other tech giants may need to adjust their tax practices to ensure compliance with UK laws.