article: By . Sean Poulter . PUBLISHED: . 18:32 EST, 25 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 18:33 EST, 25 October 2013 . It's the snack with a proud history stretching back over more than 75 years. But the Kit Kat is about to have its recipe changed – as part of the new phase of a public health drive. The Department of Health will today announce the details of a campaign called the ‘Responsibility Deal’ - a partnership with the food industry aimed at reducing the nation’s consumption of saturated fat. As part of the scheme, Nestle has signed up to change the oil used to make the wafer filling in its best-selling Kit Kat. The move will cut out 3,800 tonnes of saturated fat from more than a billion bars every year. Changes: The Kit Kat is getting a revamp, with a more healthy recipe . But despite the alteration, which will see saturated fat levels in a standard four-finger chocolate bar come down from 7.2g to 6.4g, manufacturers Nestle are insisting that the new recipe is not going to compromise the product’s taste. Managing director Ciaran Sullivan said: ‘Improving the nutritional profile of Kit Kat does not come at the expense of quality and taste - consumers will continue to enjoy the same Kit Kat as they have for over 75 years.’ He added: ‘This is the next step on the journey where we are improving the nutritional profile of our products. ‘Kit Kat is our biggest confectionery brand and therefore the obvious choice to identify a saturated fat reduction.’ The deal will also see Tesco, Sainsbury’s and Morrisons reduce fat in their products including some of their own-brand spreads, cheese and breadsticks. Mondelez International, which is part of Kraft and owns the Cadbury brand, will reformulate products such as Belvita breakfast biscuits and Oreo chocolate cookies. Subway will cut the amount of saturated fat in their ‘Kids Pak’ children’s meal by more than 70 per cent, and catering giant Compass – which serves more than a million meals a day across their 7,000 sites - will promote healthier menus as part of the pledge. Crisp and creamy: The Nestle snack will change the oil it uses to make the biscuit's wafer - but the manufacturers insist that taste will not be compromised . As well as this, Unilever and Aldi have promised to reformulate products and look at reducing portion sizes. And the nation’s 10,500 fish and chip shops are being encouraged to switch to healthier oils, such as Omega 9, which contain less of the fat. Public Health Minister Jane Ellison said: ‘One in six male deaths and one in nine female deaths are from coronary heart disease - this is why it is critical that we challenge the way we eat and that we all make changes where we can.’ She added: ‘It’s hugely encouraging that companies providing almost half the food available on the UK market have committed to this Responsibility Deal and are leading the way to give their customers healthier products and lower fat alternatives.’
highlights: The Nestle snack will now be made using different oil . This will reduce the saturated fat in each bar from 7.2g to 6.4g . But manufacturers insist that taste will not be compromised .
id: ed768cc167f801332fac2cc8be2250fd31234d2c
chatgpt: Nestle has announced a change in the recipe of its popular chocolate snack. From now on, the treat will be made using a different oil that will lead to a reduction in saturated fat from 7.2g to 6.4g per serving. The change has been made in response to concerns about the high levels of saturated fat in the snack, which have been linked to heart disease and other health problems. Nestle has been working on the new recipe for some time, with the aim of reducing the amount of saturated fat while maintaining the same great taste that consumers expect from the product. In a statement, the company said that the new recipe had been extensively tested and that taste had not been compromised. "We're delighted to announce that our chocolate snack will now have even lower levels of saturated fat, which is great news for our consumers," said a Nestle spokesperson. "We recognise the importance of offering healthier options to our customers, and we've worked hard to develop a recipe that reduces saturated fat without sacrificing the taste that people love." The move has been welcomed by health experts, who have long been calling for food manufacturers to reduce the levels of saturated fat in their products. Saturated fat is known to increase the levels of LDL cholesterol in the blood, which can lead to a range of health problems, including heart disease, stroke and type 2 diabetes. "Reducing the levels of saturated fat in foods is a crucial step in the fight against heart disease and other major health problems," said Dr Suzy Smith, a nutrition expert at the British Heart Foundation. "We welcome Nestle's decision to make this change, and we hope that other manufacturers will follow suit." In recent years, there has been a growing awareness of the health risks associated with high levels of saturated fat. As a result, many food manufacturers have been working to develop healthier options for their customers. This has led to the introduction of a range of reduced-fat products, from snacks and cereals to cooking oils and spreads. However, some critics have argued that these products often contain other ingredients that are not necessarily healthy, such as sugar, salt and artificial additives. They also point out that reducing one unhealthy ingredient in a food does not necessarily make it a healthy option overall. Despite these criticisms, the move by Nestle to reduce the saturated fat in its chocolate snack has been generally well-received by consumers. Many have praised the company for taking a step towards healthier options, while others have expressed relief that the taste of their favourite snack has not been affected. "I'm really pleased that Nestle is making this change," said Sarah Jones, a mother of two from Manchester. "I've been worried about the high levels of saturated fat in the snack for a while, but my kids love it so much that it's hard to say no. Now I can feel better about giving it to them." It remains to be seen whether other food manufacturers will follow Nestle's lead in reducing the saturated fat in their products. However, with growing concerns about the impact of high levels of saturated fat on public health, it seems likely that more companies will be looking to develop healthier options for their customers in the coming years.