article: The brutal video of the beheading of U.S. aid worker Peter Kassig and at least 18 Syrian servicemen is being examined after an Australian is suspected to be have been involved in the latest ISIS attack. Australian counter-terrorism officials are carefully looking over the video and images which for the first time identifies the Islamic State executioners carrying out the mass execution - as previous culprits have disguised their faces with hoods. Foreign fighters were reportedly involved in the brutal atrocity as French officials have confirmed one Frenchman's involvement and a possible second executioner is yet to be confirmed. Scroll down for video . The brutal video of the beheading of U.S. aid worker Peter Kassig and at least 18 Syrian servicemen (pictured) is being examined after an Australian is suspected to be have been involved in the latest ISIS attack . The decapitation and moments before Kassig's death was not captured on the video - unlike the footage of Western hostages who previously suffered the same horrendous fate by the hands of ISIS militants . The French executioner has been identified as Maxime Hauchard, 22, who left northern France to go to Syria in August last year. It is also believed that possibly an Australian, a Briton and also a Dane took part in the mass beheading, 7 News reported. Featuring in the video is an ISIS fighter speaking with a London accent who is believed to be Jihadi John - the man who is understood to be responsible for previous hostage killings. Welshman Nasser Muthana from Cardiff is also thought to be among the killing squad. The decapitation and moments before Kassig's death was not captured on the video - unlike the footage of Western hostages who previously suffered the same horrendous fate by the hands of ISIS militants. Another distinct difference to previous Westerns slayings was there were no direct threats made against other Western hostages. The high-definition video also showed the beheadings of about a dozen men identified as Syrian military officers and pilots, all dressed in blue jumpsuits. The confronting footage shows the prisoners marched out in a file line as the jiadists each take a military knife and make the prisoners kneel down before they are decapitated. Australian counter-terrorism officials are carefully looking over the video and images of Kassig's execution and those of Syrian soliders . The confronting footage shows the prisoners marched out in a file line as the jiadists each take a military knife and make the prisoners kneel down before they are decapitated .
highlights: Australian counter-terrorism officials are examining the latest ISIS video . Video and images are of U.S. aid worker Peter Kassig and at least 18 Syrian servicemen being executed in Dabiq in northern Syria . It is believed an Australian could have taken part in the mass beheading . For the first time - the ISIS militants are uncovered and can be identified .
id: 04a70c3cec955f329fd439e4729bb0a8423e838e
chatgpt: Australian counter-terrorism officials are reviewing the latest video released by ISIS which shows the execution of US aid worker Peter Kassig and at least 18 Syrian servicemen in northern Syria. There are concerns that an Australian could have been involved in the barbaric act of mass beheading. The video, which was released by the ISIS propaganda wing, shows the militants executing the hostages in the town of Dabiq. This is the latest in a series of videos released by the extremist group which are designed to spread terror and intimidate their enemies. What makes this video different is that, for the first time, the faces of the ISIS militants are visible and it is possible to identify them. This has led to a renewed effort by Australian authorities to track down any Australians who may have traveled to Syria to fight for ISIS. The Australian government has been stepping up its efforts to counter the threat of terrorism in the country. In recent years, several terrorist plots have been foiled by security agencies. However, the risk of an attack remains high. The involvement of an Australian in the latest ISIS video has raised concerns that more Australians may be drawn to the extremist group's cause. The government has been keen to stress that terrorism has no place in Australian society and has been urging the public to remain vigilant and report any extremist behavior. The video has also reignited the debate about the role of social media in spreading extremist content. ISIS has been using social media sites to spread its message of hate and to recruit new members. The Australian government has called on social media companies to do more to monitor and remove extremist content from their platforms. The execution of Peter Kassig and the Syrian servicemen is a chilling reminder of the brutality of ISIS and the danger the group poses to the world. The Australian government has vowed to continue to work with international partners to combat the threat of terrorism and to keep its citizens safe. In conclusion, the latest ISIS video, showing the execution of Peter Kassig and Syrian servicemen in northern Syria, has raised concerns that an Australian may have been involved in the mass beheading. The video, which shows the faces of the ISIS militants for the first time, has led to renewed efforts by Australian authorities to track down any Australians who may have traveled to Syria to fight for ISIS. The Australian government has urged the public to remain vigilant and has called on social media companies to do more to monitor and remove extremist content from their platforms.