article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . UPDATED: . 05:01 EST, 23 January 2012 . The remains of the first HMS Victory are to be raised from the sea bed nearly 300 years after it sank. The vessel, predecessor of Nelson's famous flagship, went down in a storm off the Channel Islands in 1744, taking more than 1,000 soldiers to their deaths. Along with a bronze cannon collection, some believe the ship was carrying a large quantity of gold coins from Lisbon to Britain, which would now be worth a reported £500 million. Historic: Admiral Sir John Balchin went down with the ship, HMS Victory . The original HMS Victory (as illustrated left) is due to be raised sea. It was the predecessor to the famous ship captained by Admiral Nelson (pictured right) The wreck is to be handed over to the Maritime Heritage Foundation, which is expected to employ Odyssey Marine Exploration to carry out the recovery. July 1744 - Fleet leaves Portsmouth . Late Aug - Breaks French blockade . Sep 28 - Fleet leaves for England . Oct 3 - Storm strikes in the Bay of Biscay . Oct 4 - Last sighting of Victory . The American company found the ship four years ago. A Ministry of Defence spokeswoman said: 'Efforts to protect key parts of British Naval history such as the wreck of HMS Victory 1744 are very welcome and we hope to make an announcement shortly.' The guns and other artefacts will be displayed in British museums, while Odyssey is likely to receive the bulk of any treasure under the laws of salvage, the newspaper reported. The Maritime Heritage Foundation was set up by Lord Lingfield, the Tory peer formerly known as Sir Robert Balchin. He . is a relative of Admiral Sir John Balchin who was on board the Victory . when it sank, although he stressed he would not profit personally from . the ship's cargo. Lord . Lingfield told the Sunday Times: 'The foundation seeks to prevent damage . to this historically important site and maximise its archaeological, . scientific and educational value. 'We hope it will give a unique insight into the world of the mid-18th century Royal Navy.' Zeus: an eight-ton submersible which could be used in the operation . Discovery: Two out of more than 100 bronze cannon have been salvaged so far . The ship's location remained a mystery despite numerous searches, until Odyssey discovered the wreck in May 2008. The Florida-based firm found the site 330ft under the English Channel, nearly 65 miles from where the ship was historically believed to have been wrecked, near the Channel Islands. The Dutch financial publication Amsterdamsche Courant reported on November 18 1744, a month after the ship sank: 'People will have it that on board of The Victory was a sum of 400,000 pounds sterling that it had brought from Lisbon for our merchants.' It was also thought that large quantities of silver and gold coins would have been on board The Victory from enemy prize ships captured by Balchin, worth 120,000 pounds sterling at the time.
highlights: Remains of first HMS Victory to be raised from the sea . 1,000 soldiers died when the ship went down in a storm in 1744 . £500 million of gold could be on the vessel .
id: 2b9ee906a59fac9195c5bb3bc1e678954fa72518
chatgpt: In a historic announcement today, the Ministry of Defence has confirmed that the remains of the first HMS Victory will be raised from the depths of the sea. The ship, which plunged into the ocean in a fierce storm in 1744, has been a mystery to historians for over 250 years. The discovery could prove to be the biggest naval excavation in British history, as it could contain over £500 million worth of gold and treasures. The first HMS Victory was one of the largest and most powerful ships in the Royal Navy at the time of her launch. Designed by the renowned naval architect Sir John Berry, she was launched in 1737 and served as the flagship of Admiral Sir John Norris during the War of Jenkins' Ear. In 1744, the ship was part of a fleet under the command of Admiral Sir John Balchen that was returning from a mission to intercept a French convoy. It was on this fateful journey that the ship encountered a fierce storm, with winds that were reportedly so strong that they tore apart the ship's sails and rigging. Despite the crew's valiant efforts, the ship began to take on water, and eventually sank to the bottom of the sea. Historians believe that over 1,000 soldiers may have died in the disaster, making it one of the largest single losses of life in British naval history. For years, the wreckage of the first HMS Victory remained a mystery, with many believing that it had been lost forever. However, in 2008, a team of marine archaeologists discovered what they believed to be the wreckage of the ship off the coast of the Channel Islands. Since that time, there have been numerous efforts to document and preserve the remains of the ship, which include the hull, as well as a number of artifacts and relics. Now, with the announcement that the ship will be raised from the sea, many are clamoring to learn more about what may be contained within the wreckage. Experts believe that the ship may contain over £500 million worth of gold and treasures, making it one of the most valuable shipwrecks in history. While it is unclear exactly what will be found, many are hopeful that the discovery could shed new light on this unique moment in British naval history. In addition to the potential financial gains, the announcement has also been met with excitement among historians and scholars. The first HMS Victory represented a significant milestone in the development of the Royal Navy, and the discovery of the ship could help us better understand the technology and culture of the time. Additionally, the discovery could provide closure for the families of the soldiers who lost their lives in the disaster, as well as a greater sense of connection to this important moment in British history. While it is still unclear when the ship will be raised from the sea, many are already eagerly anticipating the moment when the wreckage will be brought to the surface. In an era in which technological advances allow us to explore the depths of the sea like never before, the discovery of the first HMS Victory represents an exciting opportunity to connect with both our past and our future.