article: (CNN) -- Supporters of Ferguson, Missouri, Police Officer Darren Wilson say they have faced threats over their views, but vowed not to be silenced. Wilson on August 9 shot and killed unarmed black teen Michael Brown, an incident that stirred racial tensions and unrest. An unnamed spokeswoman for the Support Darren Wilson group, speaking at a rally Saturday, accused the media of having a bias against supporters of the officer. "We believe this has only intensified the destruction of the community of Ferguson and the surrounding St. Louis areas," said the spokeswoman. "We will not hide. We will no longer live in fear," she said. "We ask this question: Can justice ever be attained if one side's supporters are living in fear of speaking out?" The spokeswoman said that she and her group were not speaking on behalf of Wilson or his representatives, but were making a statement for his supporters. She said she had received online threats against her and her family. The pro-Wilson rally, attended by about 100 supporters, was held outside Barney's Sports Pub, a popular gathering spot for area police officers several miles south of Ferguson. Supporters, many of them armed, carried signs saying "Innocent until proven guilty" and "We love cops." An African-American woman at one point tried unsuccessfully to interrupt the rally, asking loudly why police had not broken up the gathering. A handful of counterprotesters later gathered peacefully across the street. There are competing versions from witnesses about what happened in Ferguson. There is agreement that there was a scuffle between Brown and Wilson, but some witnesses say the teen ran away, turned around and put his arms up as he was shot. The officer's version, as told to a radio station by a friend, is that Brown charged the officer before the shooting. Wilson's actions were warranted and justified, and he counts on the support of many, the spokeswoman said at the rally. "We believe that the evidence has and will continue to validate our position," she said. The media is yet to earn the trust of those supporting the officer, she said. But Wilson's supporters can take comfort that they have plenty of company from all around the country. The online fund-raising effort for Wilson surpassed $300,000 on Saturday, according to totals from two related pages on GoFundMe.com. In addition, supporters had raised about $10,000 in cash at the rally. A post on one of the pages notes that organizers "anticipate these funds will be used to cover potential legal fees, relocation and living expenses of both Officer Darren Wilson and his immediate family." "We truly appreciate your time, efforts, prayers, kind words and donations," that message added. "It means more than you could possibly know." More money raised for Ferguson officer than slain teen . Where is Officer Wilson? CNN's Greg Botelho contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: Online fund-raising campaign tops $300,000 . Supporters of Darren Wilson made a statement Saturday . They allege media bias that has made the unrest worse . The officer's actions were justified, they say .
id: f2307d5dbebce56b32c0f8824fa10bd15aa2e9e2
chatgpt: An online fundraising campaign in support of former police officer, Darren Wilson, has surpassed $300,000 in donations. The donations were made by supporters who believe that Wilson's actions in the shooting of Michael Brown, an unarmed black teenager, were justified. On Saturday, supporters of Wilson made a statement alleging media bias that has led to the escalation of unrest in Ferguson, Missouri. The death of Michael Brown in 2014 sparked nationwide protests and brought the issue of police brutality and excessive use of force against black people to the forefront of public consciousness. The supporters of Wilson believe that the media coverage of the incident was biased and one-sided, and they believe it contributed to the unrest and tension that followed. They argue that Wilson acted in self-defense when he shot Brown and that his actions were justified. "We are speaking out now because we believe that the media has unfairly portrayed Darren Wilson and the Ferguson Police Department as villains in this situation," the statement read. "We believe that the media has created an environment of hostility and division that has only served to worsen the situation." The statement went on to say that Wilson was simply doing his job as a police officer and that the media has unfairly demonized him for doing so. "We believe that Darren Wilson is a hero who deserves our support and gratitude for his service to our community," the statement read. The supporters of Wilson have been vocal since the incident occurred, and they have not wavered in their support of the former police officer. The online fundraising campaign was launched shortly after Wilson was cleared of any criminal charges in the shooting, and it has been steadily gathering support ever since. The statement released on Saturday is the latest effort by Wilson's supporters to defend his actions and clear his name. They hope that by speaking out and raising awareness of their cause, they can change the narrative surrounding the incident and shift public opinion in Wilson's favor. The issue of police brutality and excessive use of force against black people has been a contentious issue in the United States for many years, and the shooting of Michael Brown only amplified the conversation. While some argue that Wilson's actions were justified, others believe that he used excessive force when he shot Brown. The online fundraising campaign and the statement released by Wilson's supporters show that the issue is far from resolved, and that tensions between law enforcement and communities of color continue to simmer beneath the surface. Only time will tell whether this latest effort by Wilson's supporters will have any impact on public opinion, or whether the issue will continue to divide the country.