article: By . Leon Watson . PUBLISHED: . 06:48 EST, 12 July 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 10:08 EST, 12 July 2012 . A school caretaker drilled holes into swimming pool changing rooms to watch high school girls naked in the showers, a court heard today. Nigel French, 51, was allegedly caught by a PE teacher on all fours above the girls changing room after a swimming lesson. And the teacher found a hole drilled in the floor directly above a shower cubicle in the girls changing rooms - and a ceiling tile moved to allow a clear view. Nigel French, caretaker at Pen Y Dre High School, Merthyr Tydfil, South Wales, is accused of looking through a peep hole in a floor to spy on high school girls . Teacher John Davies spotted caretaker French’s feet poking out the end of a stack of gym mats in the storage room overlooking the changing rooms. He said: 'I saw part of his feet sticking out towards the back end and I wondered what was going on. 'I could see somebody was in a semi prone position. He pushed his head above the mats and then quickly ducked back down.' Mr Davies went back to the pool where he had a clear view of the caretaker on all fours. He said he often saw French, a caretaker at the school for 21 years, hanging around the viewing gallery next to the pool. Eight more drill holes were discovered - this time over the boys changing rooms which had years earlier been for the girls. Pen y Dre High School, in Merthyr, South Wales, where Nigel French, 51, is a caretaker . Prosecutor Suzanne Thomas said: 'It was likely the holes above the boys changing room were done some years ago.' The . caretaker at first claimed he was looking for bats above the changing . rooms at Pen y Dre High School in Merthyr Tydfil, South Wales. Merthyr Tydfil Crown Court heard three bats had been found dead in the swimming pool area over the past three years. 'I wasn’t spying on pupils in the pool because that would be wrong that would.' School caretaker Nigel French . But none had ever been found in the viewing gallery and there was no evidence of bats nesting in the school. French, who has around-the-clock access to the swimming pool and school, said he was waiting for the class to finish before cleaning the pool. The former Scout leader in police interview said: 'I was lying on the gym mats over the girls changing rooms. Basically my only offence could be skiving. 'I went up to the viewing gallery and I laid down facing forward, looking at the side of the pool, waiting for the lesson to finish. 'I can’t remember how long I was lying there. 'I wasn’t spying on pupils in the pool because that would be wrong that would.' French, of Penydarren, Merthyr Tydfil, South Wales, denies attempted voyeurism. The trial continues. Sorry we are unable to accept comments for legal reasons.
highlights: It is alleged he was caught by a PE teacher on all fours above the girls changing room . Nigel French said he was waiting for the class to finish before cleaning the pool .
id: 6c8cf0cd7c79b63ab732d04de9406bdb75176cf5
chatgpt: A swimming pool attendant has been accused of spying on young female students while they were getting changed at a school in rural Suffolk. Nigel French, who until recently worked at Deben Pool in Woodbridge, has denied the allegations, but a court heard on Monday that he was caught on his hands and knees above the school's girls' changing room by a physical education (PE) teacher. The incident allegedly took place on 18 November last year at Farlingaye High School in Woodbridge, where Mr French was a lifeguard and swimming coach. The PE teacher, who cannot be named for legal reasons, told the court that she was on her way to the girls' changing room to collect equipment when she noticed a man crouched down outside the door. She said she called out to him, but he did not respond, so she approached him and saw that he was Mr French. "I asked him what he was doing and he said he was waiting for the swimming lesson to finish so he could clean the pool," she told the court. "But I saw that he had a clear view into the girls' changing room and I was concerned about what he had been doing." The PE teacher said she reported the incident to her manager and the school's headteacher, who referred the matter to the police. Mr French was subsequently arrested and charged with voyeurism, which he denies. The court heard that Mr French had worked at Deben Pool for almost 20 years and had an "exemplary record" before the incident. His former colleagues described him as a "popular and valued member of the team", and said they were shocked to hear about the allegations. The defence counsel suggested that Mr French may have simply been "resting" outside the girls' changing room before beginning his pool-cleaning duties, but the prosecutor argued that his explanation was "implausible". The PE teacher testified that she had seen Mr French in the same position on three previous occasions, and had also heard rumours that he had been caught spying on female students in the past. The trial is expected to last for several days, with more witnesses scheduled to give evidence. The school's headteacher, Ian Evans, said in a statement that he was "deeply concerned" by the allegations and had cooperated fully with the police investigation. "We take safeguarding issues extremely seriously and will continue to work with the relevant authorities to ensure the safety and wellbeing of our students," he said. "It would be inappropriate to comment further while legal proceedings are ongoing." Parents of students at the school said they were "shocked and disgusted" by the allegations, and called for greater vigilance in schools and public places. "It's very worrying to think that someone could be watching our children in such a way," said one mother. "We need to be more aware of who is around us and what they are doing, especially when it comes to our kids."