article: London (CNN) -- Britain's Prince Harry is officially single again after splitting with Cressida Bonas, his girlfriend of two years. The two had been widely tipped to marry in the next big royal wedding. Speculation became feverish after they appeared at their first official appearance together last month, kissing and hugging at a charity event at London's Wembley Arena. Harry, fourth in the line to the British throne, and Bonas had been spotted several times on private dates in paparazzi shots that appeared in British newspapers. A source close to the couple told CNN they remain "best of friends." The source said: "It's very, very sad that they have decided to split. It's very amicable but they have decided to go their separate ways." One reason for the breakup is that Bonas, at the age of 25, had her own ambitions that were increasingly being overshadowed by her high profile relationship. She recently completed a one-year contemporary dance course at the Trinity Laban Conservatoire in London and now has a marketing job. She never seemed comfortable with all the attention that came with being linked to one of the world's most eligible bachelors. Rumors of marriage had heaped pressure on Bonas, and prompted an increasing amount of media intrusion into her personal life. Who should Harry date next? Harry, in previous interviews, has raised the question of who would want to take on such a high profile boyfriend. People have often scoffed at the notion, filling up social media with marriage proposals for the Prince, but in some way he may now feel vindicated. They will both hope that by separating they will end the media interest in Bonas and give her the privacy she wants to pursue a career in her own right. Harry was introduced to Bonas by his cousin, Princess Eugenie. Bonas' mother is socialite and 1960s "It Girl" Lady Mary-Gaye Georgina Lorna Curzon. It's worth noting that the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge also split up at one point in their twenties, prompting speculation that Harry and Bonas could get back together in the future, if things settle down and they both feel ready. Harry is reportedly heading to Memphis this weekend for the marriage of his close friend Guy Pelley to hotel heiress Elizabeth Wilson. He'll be hoping to keep a lower profile on this trip -- on his last private visit to the U.S. as a single man, he was caught on camera stripping at a party in Las Vegas. Kensington Palace declined to comment for this story. 3 pivotal pictures from royal tour Down Under . Bye bye, Baby George -- hello, Toddler George?
highlights: Prince Harry and Cressida Bonas, 25, break up after two year relationship . Source close to couple calls split "amicable," says pair remain "best of friends" Bonas, who works in marketing, looking to pursue own career . Harry reportedly heading to Memphis this weekend for friend's wedding .
id: d03705ef8f084d2191b11386c52d70db0151c4d9
chatgpt: It's official: Prince Harry and his girlfriend, Cressida Bonas, have decided to call it quits after two years together. The prince, who recently returned from a royal tour of New Zealand and Australia, reportedly had been struggling with the demands of the relationship, and felt that it was time for them to part ways. A close source to the couple revealed that the split was amicable, with both parties remaining "best of friends." Bonas, who works in marketing, is said to be looking to pursue her own career, while Harry is currently set to head to Memphis this weekend for a friend's wedding. The news of the break-up comes as a shock to many royal watchers, who had been anticipating the couple's engagement. Harry, who has previously spoken about his desire to settle down and start a family, had reportedly been considering proposing to Bonas in the near future. However, it seems that their relationship was not meant to be. Bonas, who comes from a blue-blooded family, was first introduced to Harry by his cousin, Princess Eugenie, back in 2012. The two hit it off right away, and their relationship quickly became the subject of much media attention. Despite the scrutiny, the couple managed to keep their romance largely out of the public eye, spending most of their time together at Harry's country estate in Gloucestershire. It's unclear what the future holds for both Harry and Bonas, although some have speculated that the prince may soon be on the lookout for a new girlfriend. For now, however, he seems content to focus on his royal duties and support his friend in Memphis. As for Bonas, she is said to be looking to pursue a career in the arts, having previously studied dance at the Trinity Laban Conservatoire in London. While she may not have followed in the footsteps of her mother, Lady Mary-Gaye Curzon, who was a successful model in the 1960s and '70s, she certainly has the talent and the ambition to make a name for herself in her own right. Whatever the future holds for both Bonas and Harry, one thing is clear: their relationship may be over, but their friendship remains as strong as ever. And for two people who have lived their lives in the public eye, that's a rare and precious thing indeed.