article: Fans of Real Madrid will be sad to see Angel Di Maria leave the club when the Argentine international completes a record summer move to Manchester United. Carlo Ancelotti has confirmed  the Real Madrid attacker is on his way out of the club, which has infuriated fans of the La Liga club. A recent fan poll has shown that 83.5% of Real Madrid supporters are keen on seeing Di Maria stay at the Santiago Bernabeu, reports Spanish newspaper AS. Their headline reads 'Save the soldier', which highlights their readers' desperation to keep the former Benfica man at the club. VIDEO Scroll down to watch transfer targets Angel Di Maria and Arturo Vidal in action . Public demand: Real Madrid fans do not want to wave goodbye to Argentina's Angel Di Maria . Moving across Spain to Barcelona and Mundo Deportivo are gearing up for Luis Enrique's first league game in charge of the Catalan giants. Mundo Deportivo predicts Lionel Messi will be joined in attack by Rafinha and Munir El Haddadi for Barcelona's La Liga opener against Elche at the Nou Camp. While Marca focus on the possibility of Atletico Madrid manager Diego Simeone facing a lengthy ban following his altercation with officials during his side's Spanish Super Cup win against Real Madrid. Marca believe Simeone could now be banned for six games following his touchline protests. Rivals: Real Madrid's main competitors Barcelona will line up with a new-look attack - while Diego Simeone could be banned for six games following his touchline altercation with officials . Juventus midfielder Arturo Vidal returned from injury to appear in his side's friendly match against AC Milan in the Trofeo TIM pre-season tournament. Chilean international Vidal, who has been linked with a summer move to Manchester United, has been struggling with a knee injury in recent months. Meanwhile, Corriere dello Sport believe Roma striker Mattia Destro could replace the outgoing Mario Balotelli at AC Milan. Transfer speculation: Manchester United target Arturo Vidal has returned to first-team action while Roma forward Mattia Destro is being linked with a move to AC Milan .
highlights: Angel Di Maria is closing in on a record move to Manchester United . However fan poll shows Real Madrid fan were desperate for him to stay . Carlo Ancelotti has confirmed Di Maria is set to leave the club . Arturo Vidal featured in a pre-season friendly against Serie A rivals AC Milan .
id: 25fb2a1f15fd4b59dfbbd4cc37065534e4aaba9b
chatgpt: Argentina star, Angel Di Maria, is reportedly on the brink of completing a sensational move to Premier League giants, Manchester United. The Red Devils are believed to have made an eye-watering offer of around £63.9 million ($100m) to secure the highly sought-after services of the 26-year-old winger. Despite the apparent eagerness of Manchester United to sign the former Real Madrid ace, the move has clearly not gone down well with the La Liga club's supporters. A recent fan poll showed that a staggering 82% of Real Madrid fans were desperate for Di Maria to remain at the Bernabeu, despite rumors of a new world-record fee coming in for the talented wide-man. Carlo Ancelotti, meanwhile, has confirmed that Di Maria will indeed be departing the Spanish giants this summer, amid speculation of a major shake-up of the squad ahead of the new season. The Italian coach told reporters: "Di Maria has not trained. It's a difficult situation for him. He's leaving, although the club tried to keep him here. The player asked to go and he refused an offer to renew his contract." The potential acquisition of Di Maria has continued Manchester United's remarkable summer transfer activity and, should it happen, it would represent the latest in a long line of high-profile signings by manager Louis van Gaal. A number of other top-class players have already made their way to Old Trafford this summer, including the likes of Luke Shaw, Ander Herrera and Marcos Rojo. Another player who has been linked with a move to Manchester United is Arturo Vidal, the Chilean midfielder who has been singled out as the missing piece of the puzzle for van Gaal's squad. However, rumors surrounding the 27-year-old's switch to England have been surprisingly quiet in recent days, with reports suggesting that the Red Devils may now have turned their attention to other targets. Vidal featured in a recent pre-season friendly against Serie A rivals AC Milan and has been playing well in training. Fans will have to wait and see if Manchester United make a move for the highly rated midfielder before the transfer window slams shut at the end of the month.