article: By . Chris Pleasance . PUBLISHED: . 07:49 EST, 17 January 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 08:28 EST, 17 January 2014 . A father who went on the run with his son two weeks ago during a custody battle has posted a YouTube video in which the eight-year-old apparently makes damning comments about his mother. Maurizio Rigamonti and his son Leo went missing from the central Italian city of Parma on January 3. On Wednesday a video appeared of the two together in which Leo says his mother forced him to 'say bad things' about his father. Rigatoni introduces the footage as 'Leo's spontaneous statements', after which the boy says: 'You may think that my dad is bad, but it’s the opposite, my mum is bad.' Maurizio Rigamonti (left) has gone missing with his eight-year-old son Leo during a custody battle with his former partner Laura Carder . On Wednesday Rigamonti posted this video on YouTube in which Leo makes damaging comments about his mother, saying she forced him to say bad things about his father . After being prompted several times by Rigamonti, Leo adds that during a recent court appearance his mother 'threatened me to say tons of bad things about my dad.' Authorities began a Europe-wide search for the father and his son two . weeks ago after the boy's mother, Laura Carder went to collect her son but found the pair . missing, according to La Repubblica. On January 9 the boy's grandfather claimed the pair had gone to Trentino, in northern Italy, for a skiing holiday, though Carder believes Rigamonti may have fled to Spain. Carder, an American, has previously claimed the boy suffered years of domestic abuse at the hands of his father and has since had to undergo therapy. During court battles Carder has claimed that Rigamonti abused the boy, who had to be given therapy . Rigamonti and his son went missing from the central Italian city of Parma (pictured) on January 3 . The latest disappearance and video come as part of a four year custody battle in which a judge ruled the boy must stay in Italy with Rigamonti, where he was born. Carder launched an unsuccessful appeal against the ruling, and has since used an online petition and a website in order to try and keep her son in the US. When asked about his therapist by his father, Leo tells YouTube viewers: 'She is stupid, she threatens me to say things as well - bad [things] about my dad. I hate her'.
highlights: Maurizio Rigamonti has been missing with son Leo for two weeks . He has been involved in a custody battle with boy's mother, Laura Carder . During the four year fight American Carder claimed that Rigamonti abused the boy and that son had to have therapy as a result . Despite appeals and a petition, courts have ruled Leo must stay in Italy . Two days ago the father has posted a YouTube video with his son . In it the boy says his mother forced him to say bad things about his father .
id: 611684e3402546171f5e5f63fa298cc4d878bf2c
chatgpt: A man and his son have been missing for two weeks, and a custody battle with the boy's mother may be at the center of their disappearance. Maurizio Rigamonti and his son Leo have been the subjects of a four-year-long fight over custody with Leo's mother, Laura Carder. Despite several appeals and a petition, the courts have ruled that Leo must remain in Italy, where Rigamonti lives. Carder claims that Rigamonti abused their son, which necessitated therapy for the boy. These claims were vehemently denied by Rigamonti, who accused Carder of using these allegations to gain an upper hand in the custody battle. Rigamonti claimed that he has always been a devoted father and would do anything to protect his son. In an unexpected development, two days ago, Rigamonti surfaced on YouTube with a video featuring himself and his son. In the video, the son can be heard saying that his mother forced him to say bad things about his father. The boy sounds distraught, and Rigamonti is heard comforting him as he pleads with authorities to consider Leo's well-being and allow him to stay with his father. The video has gone viral, with many people from around the world sharing and commenting on the footage. Some people assert that the video is proof that Rigamonti is innocent of the abuse allegations, while others are insisting that the video should prompt a new review of the custody case. The situation has become even more complicated with news that Rigamonti and his son are missing. Although there is no confirmation as to where they could be or what has happened to them, rumors abound. Some people are speculating that the father and son have gone into hiding, while others are suggesting foul play from Carder or her supporters. Whatever the truth is, it is clear that this case is far from over. The video has added an entirely new dimension to the custody battle, leading many to wonder what will happen next. Authorities are remaining tight-lipped about any developments in the case, but the public is watching and waiting eagerly for any updates. For now, all eyes are on Rigamonti and his son, hoping that they will be found soon and that justice will be served.