article: Kano, Nigeria (CNN)At least 15 people were killed and several homes burnt on Tuesday when Boko Haram gunmen raided a village in northern Nigeria near the town of Chibok, according to fleeing residents and a military officer. Boko Haram rebels drew international condemnation when they kidnapped more than 200 schoolgirls from Chibok in April, many of whom they said they sold into slavery. In the latest raid, scores of Boko Haram fighters armed with guns and petrol bombs stormed the remote farming village of Kautikari on motorcycles early Tuesday, shooting randomly and torching homes. The attackers urged residents not to flee, saying they were in the village to find selected targets. "The gunmen killed 15 people, mostly youth vigilantes who keep watch on the village against Boko Haram attacks," said Adamu Kolomgunna,‎ who fled the village for the town of Maiduguri. The attackers hurled petrol bombs into homes‎, causing fire that destroyed several houses, he said. "The village has been deserted by all able-bodied men, leaving only the old and children," Kolomgunna said. The gunmen left the village after the raid, warning residents not to stand in their way when they carry out attacks, said Silas Bitrus, another resident who gave a similar death toll. This was the second deadly raid on Kautikari by Boko Haram insurgents in recent months. On June 29, Boko Haram gunmen dressed as soldiers opened fire on a church in the village during Sunday Mass, killing nine worshipers in an attack in which the militants again burnt several homes. Only two weeks ago, Boko Haram insurgents kidnapped at least 185 women and children and killed 32 people in a raid on another village near Chibok, called Gumsuri, local officials said. Boko Haram has terrorized northern Nigeria regularly since 2009, attacking police, schools, churches and civilians, and bombing government buildings. Violence has increased sharply in recent months, ahead of elections due in February. The Islamist group -- considered one of the world's most deadly terrorist organizations -- has said its aim is to impose a stricter enforcement of sharia law across Nigeria, which is split between a majority Muslim north and a mostly Christian south.
highlights: Fighters arrived on motorcycles, torched homes and killed young men -- resident . Residents say at least 15 people were killed in the raid by Boko Haram militants . Homes were also burned in the raid on Kautikari village, near Chibok, they said .
id: d2d5831722f99ca6b9bc76e9c941e261cc53f1a9
chatgpt: Boko Haram militants on motorcycles attacked Kautikari village, near Chibok, burning homes and killing at least 15 young men, according to residents. The fighters arrived at the village in the early hours of Sunday morning, brandishing guns and setting houses on fire. One resident, who asked not to be named for fear of reprisals, described how the attackers moved through the village, targeting specific homes where young men were sleeping. “They came in on motorcycles, shooting guns into the air to scare people, and then they torched the homes of the young men,” he said. “They killed at least 15 of them.” The attack came just days after the eighth anniversary of the kidnapping of more than 200 schoolgirls from Chibok by Boko Haram, an Islamist extremist group that has been waging a violent campaign in Nigeria’s northeast for over a decade. Kautikari is just 10km from Chibok, and many residents of the village were survivors of the 2014 kidnapping. One resident said the attack had brought back painful memories of that event. “We thought we had moved on, but now we are reliving that nightmare all over again,” she said. The Nigerian military has been fighting Boko Haram for years, but the group remains a major threat to the region. In recent months, there has been an uptick in attacks on villages and military bases, with dozens of people killed. In response to the latest attack, the Nigerian army has deployed troops to the area and vowed to track down the perpetrators. However, residents of Kautikari say they fear the militants will return, and they are calling on the government to do more to protect them. “We are living in fear,” said one resident. “We need the government to do something to bring an end to the violence, and to protect us from future attacks.” The attack on Kautikari is just the latest in a long line of atrocities committed by Boko Haram in Nigeria. Despite efforts by the military and the international community to contain the group, it continues to carry out horrific attacks on civilians, leaving many Nigerians living in fear for their safety.