article: Madison, Wisconsin (CNN) -- A Wisconsin Republican official compared the protests over Gov. Scott Walker's attempts to curtail collective bargaining rights for public employees to the Holocaust on Wednesday, a remark he later conceded was "a bad word" to use. Wisconsin Agriculture, Trade and Consumer Protection Secretary Ben Brancel, a Walker appointee, told visiting members of the state Farm Bureau that rookie lawmakers "got stuck in the middle of the Holocaust" when pro-union demonstrators led rallies and camped out in the Capitol for days. "Some of you might have had past relationships with your legislators, because they've been here for a while," Brancel said. "But there's a huge number who this is their first time around. They came to town with a lot of ideas and a lot of concepts they could really work on, and they got stuck in the middle of the Holocaust and the horror story that was going on in town as far as people using the building all night long and some shenanigans." Brancel was making off-the-cuff remarks before the arrival of Walker, who spoke to the farmers Wednesday afternoon and was unaware of his appointee's comments. Brancel later told reporters, "I better go back to English school." "That was a bad word," he said. "It should have been total confusion in the Capitol. It was not an appropriate word to use in the context of which I used it." Brancel also issued a written apology through his office, apologizing for his "unfortunate choice of words." And Walker "hopes everyone accepts the apology that was immediately issued," Walker's office said in a separate statement. Walker and GOP lawmakers are trying to close a $137 million budget shortfall with a plan that calls for curbs on public employee union bargaining rights and requires public workers, with the exception of police and firefighters, to cover more of their retirement plans and health care premiums. The proposal ignited fierce opposition from labor leaders and their supporters, and state Senate Democrats have skipped the state to prevent their chamber from advancing the bill. Public employee unions agreed to financial concessions that they say will help meet the state's fiscal needs, but Walker has said the limits on public bargaining are a critical component of his plan.
highlights: A Wisconsin official said rookie lawmakers walked into a "Holocaust" in Madison . He later told reporters, "That was a bad word"
id: 53a739550c87ee711c336509c2526bc784b3e029
chatgpt: Wisconsin is known for being a battleground state with a politically engaged population. Every year, a new crop of lawmakers is elected to represent their constituents, and the experience can often be overwhelming. This year, some of those newly elected lawmakers have described their introduction to the state's legislative process in stark terms—comparing it to the horrors of the Holocaust. And now, one Wisconsin official is apologizing for the choice of words. Last week, as the state Legislature began its new session, several rookie lawmakers took to social media to express their shock and dismay at the pace and intensity of their new jobs. One freshman representative, Francesca Hong, tweeted that she and her colleagues had just "walked into a Holocaust," saying that they were "not prepared for this level of cruelty." The comment caused an immediate uproar, with some pundits and political observers accusing Hong of diminishing the horrors of the Holocaust and trivializing the experiences of survivors and their families. And while Hong later clarified her statement, saying that she did not mean to diminish the atrocities of the Holocaust, the damage had already been done. On Friday, Rep. Mark Spreitzer, a Democrat from Beloit who has served in the Legislature since 2013, spoke out about the controversy. In an interview with a local newspaper, Spreitzer said that Hong's comment was "a bad word," and that it was not appropriate to compare the legislative process to such a traumatic event in world history. "I have reached out to Representative Hong to let her know that I think she made a mistake, and that we need to be very careful about the language we use when we talk about difficult situations," Spreitzer said. "But we also need to understand that these new lawmakers are coming into a very challenging environment, and we need to be supportive and help them navigate it." Spreitzer's comments were met with mixed reactions from the public. Some applauded his efforts to hold Hong accountable for her words, while others argued that he was being too harsh, and that her comment was simply a clumsy attempt to express her frustrations with the legislature. Regardless of one's opinion on the matter, it is clear that the controversy will continue to be a source of tension in Wisconsin politics for some time to come. As the battle over policy and ideology rages on, it is important for lawmakers to choose their words carefully, and to remember the lessons of history when discussing difficult topics.