article: (CNN) -- Scientists in Colombia have unearthed the remains of a true prehistoric monster believed to be the biggest snake ever to have lived on Earth. An artist's impression of what Titanoboa cerrejonensis would have looked like. Named Titanoboa cerrejonensis, the snake would have weighed 1,140 kilograms (2,500 pounds) and measured 13 meters (42.7 feet) nose to tail tip -- dwarfing the largest modern pythons and anacondas which can grow to 6 meters (19.5 feet). Scientists believe it slithered around the planet between 58 and 60 million years ago. Geologist David Polly, who identified the position of the fossil vertebrae which made a size estimate possible, said in a statement Wednesday: "At its greatest width, the snake would have come up to about your hips. The size is pretty amazing. "But our team went a step further and asked, how warm would the Earth have to be to support a body of this size?" Titanoboa's fossilized remains were discovered at a coal mine in the tropical Cerrejon region of northern Colombia by an international team of scientists. "Truly enormous snakes really spark people's imagination, but reality has exceeded the fantasies of Hollywood," paleontologist Jonathan Bloch, who co-led the expedition, told reporters. "The snake that tried to eat Jennifer Lopez in the movie 'Anaconda' was not as big as the one we found." Based on the snake's size, the team was able to calculate that the mean annual temperature in equatorial South America 60 million years ago would have been about 91 degrees Fahrenheit, about 10 degrees warmer than today, Bloch said. "Tropical ecosystems of South America were surprisingly different 60 million years ago," said Bloch. "It was a rainforest, like today, but it was even hotter and the cold-blooded reptiles were all substantially larger. "The result was, among other things, the largest snakes the world has ever seen...and hopefully ever will." According to Nature.com, snakes are poikilotherms (cold-blooded) that, unlike humans, need heat from their environment to power their metabolism. Therefore research suggests that at the time the region would have had to be no less than 86 to 93 degrees Fahrenheit for the snake to have survived. Most large snakes today live in the tropical regions of South America and south-east Asia, where the high temperatures allow them to grow to impressive sizes. Meanwhile, Carlos Jaramillo -- who was also part of the expedition -- said the tropical rainforest at Cerrejon appeared to have thrived at these temperatures. "This data challenges the view that tropical vegetation lives near its climatic optimum, and it has profound implications in understanding the effect of current global warming on tropical plants," he said.
highlights: Snake weighed 1,140 kgs (2,500 pounds), measured 13 meters (42.7 feet) Scientists believe it lived between 58 and 60 million years ago . Size offers clues about world's temperature at this time . Discovered by scientists in tropical northern region of Colombia .
id: dbb7a3f7fa2f11f6d4c0c1d3e3b74a4387f36f8b
chatgpt: A team of researchers in Colombia have announced the astonishing discovery of a prehistoric snake that weighed a colossal 1,140 kilograms (2,500 pounds) and measured 13 meters (42.7 feet) in length. The serpent, believed to have lived between 58 and 60 million years ago, has stunned the scientific community and offered crucial insights into the world's climate during this period. Scientists believe that the snake, named Titanoboa, may have existed during the Paleocene epoch, following the extinction of the dinosaurs. The colossal creature would have been a top predator in its environment, feasting on smaller animals and dominating its ecosystem. Its gigantic size, however, also offers important clues about the climate and environment of its time. According to researchers, Titanoboa likely lived in a tropical region of northern Colombia that was home to a warm, swampy environment. Its sheer size suggests that temperatures were much warmer than they are today, with an average temperature of around 30-34°C (86-93°F). The discovery of Titanoboa has been hailed as a significant milestone in understanding the evolution of snakes and the world's climate during the Paleocene epoch. The snake's size provides vital information about the environment in which it lived, along with other creatures from the same period. Scientists have been studying the remains of Titanoboa for years, piecing together the puzzle of this giant serpent's life. One of the challenges of studying the prehistoric animal is that it's not like any snake alive today. The discovery of this colossal creature offers a fascinating insight into the world of prehistoric animals and the climate in which they lived. It is sobering to imagine that such an enormous predator once roamed the earth, but it also provides a valuable opportunity to learn more about the history of our planet. The Titanoboa snake has been an important discovery that will continue to fascinate researchers for many years. Its gigantic size and the climate in which it lived have provided a wealth of information about the world millions of years ago. It serves as a reminder of the incredible diversity of life on our planet and the fascinating journey that led us to where we are today.