article: Fernando Torres has a smile back on his face after silencing his critics by scoring two goals against Real Madrid to send Atletico Madrid through to the quarter-finals of the Copa del Rey. The Spaniard, who begun his career at the Vicente Calderon with Atletico, had also never scored at the Bernabeu against their fierce rivals Real before the cup tie on Thursday night. Torres struck twice in the first minutes of each half to put his boyhood club through to the last eight with a 4-2 aggregate win, and the victory certainly pleased the striker. Fernando Torres (left) celebrates with team-mates after scoring in the first minute against Real Madrid . The Spaniard embraces Atletico manager Diego Simeone (right) and coach German Burgos at the final whistle . Torres celebrates his first goal at the Bernabeu (right) and embraces Antoine Griezmann after his second (left) 'I was smiling when I came off because of the win and for scoring my first two goals (since I returned to Spain) and also for doing it in a stadium where I hadn't managed it before,' Torres, told Canal Plus. 'The fact that we scored so early meant we could play the game we wanted,' added the former Liverpool and Chelsea forward. 'We never felt the tie was in danger and we weren't under stress.' Both Sergio Ramos and Ballon d'Or winner Cristiano Ronaldo scored to cancel out Torres' goals, but the European champions were already heading out after their 2-0 defeat at the Vicente Calderon meant they needed three goals to go through. The win extended Atletico's record to five unbeaten against Real this season and sets Diego Simeone's team up with a quarter-final clash with Barcelona. The former Chelsea striker showed his willingness to attack and defend as he challenges Sergio Ramos (right) Torres' team-mates surround him to celebrate as Cristiano Ronaldo's Real head out of the Copa del Rey . Spanish newspapers AS and Marca said this was what Torres came back to his boyhood club for . Atletico's win set up a quarter-final against Barcelona and Mundo Deportivo said the tie was the new Clasico .
highlights: Fernando Torres scored his first goals since return to Atletico Madrid . The Spaniard struck twice to send Real Madrid out the Copa del Rey . It was the first time the former Chelsea striker had scored at the Bernabeu . Diego Simeone's side will now face Barcelona in the quarter-final .
id: 8a64a5389f1fa306cb733b046f9597791457a377
chatgpt: Atletico Madrid's Fernando Torres turned back the clock with a brace against fierce rivals Real Madrid in the Copa del Rey Round of 16 clash on Thursday night. It was the first time the striker had scored at the Bernabeu, haunting the home fans with his impressive display on the night. The goals were Torres' first since his return to Atletico in the January transfer window, following a period at Milan and Chelsea. The result was a perfect morale booster for Diego Simeone's side, who now face another difficult challenge in Barcelona in the quarterfinals. Torres, who has been a peripheral figure since rejoining his boyhood club, gave a timely reminder of what he is capable of with two well-taken goals. Simeone has struggled to find the right balance up front since the sale of Mario Mandzukic in the summer. Torres' resurgence couldn't have come at a better time for Atletico, who have lacked a cutting edge in the final third for much of the campaign. Real Madrid, who made a host of changes from their recent starting lineup, were undone by the brilliance Torres. Although Rafael Benitez's side enjoyed the lion share of possession in the game, they lacked the bite in attack and failed to create enough clear-cut chances to trouble Miguel Angel Moya. The home team looked lethargic and lacked aggression throughout the game, and Atletico were well worth their victory. A blistering start to the second half saw Torres break the deadlock in the 50th minute, tapping in from close range after goalkeeper Keylor Navas made a hash of a routine catch. The visitors doubled their lead in the 61st minute, and Torres was again the hero, finishing from close range after a cross from Juanfran. Real Madrid did pull a goal back through Javier Hernandez late in the game, but it was too little too late. Atletico Madrid will now be hoping to use this victory as a springboard for a season-defining run of results. They will travel to the Nou Camp to face Barcelona in the quarterfinals, hoping to upset the odds and progress to the next stage. With Torres' confidence back, Simeone will fancy his team's chances against anyone.