article: Washington (CNN) -- One hundred and fifty new full-body scanning machines are set to be placed in airports across the United States as federal authorities work to close security loopholes exposed by the attempted Christmas Day bombing of a U.S.-bound airliner. The Transportation Security Administration ordered the scanners before the bombing attempt for up to $170,000 apiece. Plans are also in place to purchase an additional 300 units by 2012, TSA officials said. Forty body scanners are currently in use at 19 U.S. airports. Use of the technology -- considered overly invasive by critics -- is optional, according to the TSA Web site. Passengers who opt out of the screening receive an alternate form of checking, which includes a pat-down procedure. There are two types of full-body scanners. One uses "backscatter" technology to produce an X-ray image of a person. The other uses millimeter-wave technology, which shows a detailed photo negative. TSA officials have attempted to address privacy concerns by promising to blur pictures of passengers' faces and delete all images produced. One former TSA official told CNN that a body scanner could have stopped Umar Farouq AbdulMutallab, the man accused of trying to blow up a December 25 Northwest Airlines flight from Amsterdam, Netherlands, to Detroit, Michigan. "I firmly believe in the whole body imaging system as a screening device," Charlotte Bryan said. "I believe that it would have detected that there was something there in that position on his body. It may not have detected it as an explosive, but it certainly would've raised some flags that would have required further detection and a review either by an officer or further scanning." Critics, however, warn that full-body scanners should not be the only answer to continued airport security problems. "Right now the system is not working as effectively as it needs to be," said Geoff Freeman, a representative of the U.S. Travel Association. "It's time to hit the pause button and do a wholesale review of what we have today and put in place the policies that will (give) America the most secure and efficient travel process." CNN's Mike Ahlers and Sandra Endo contributed to this report .
highlights: Forty body scanners are currently in use at 19 U.S. airports . The TSA has purchased an additional 150 machines . Currently use of the technology is optional, according to TSA's Web site .
id: 7c0b3c3f36318b19e5709e9546e4570d6e1403b4
chatgpt: The Transportation Security Administration (TSA) has announced the purchase of an additional 150 body scanners to be deployed at various airports in the country. Currently, 40 scanners are in use at 19 airports around the United States. The machines are expected to enhance security and add an additional layer of protection to passengers' safety. The scanners have the capability to detect explosives, weapons, and other dangerous items that may be concealed on an individual's person.  At present, the use of body scanners is optional for passengers, although TSA aims to make it mandatory in the near future. The agency contends that scanning every passenger is a necessary security measure to prevent terrorist attacks. The TSA assures that the body scanners comply with privacy laws and do not reveal intimate body features. The scanned image merely shows a generic outline which highlights any hidden object. The TSA also states that the machines do not use X-rays and are safe to use. Passengers who do not wish to be scanned using the machines have the option to opt-out and undergo a thorough pat-down by a TSA agent. However, this process is often time-consuming and can lead to delays, especially during peak hours. The purchase of the additional body scanners is part of the TSA's efforts to improve security measures in airports across the country. The agency has also recently introduced new checkpoint screening procedures, such as requiring travelers to remove all electronic devices larger than a cell phone from their carry-on bags and place them in a separate bin during the X-ray screening process. Some civil liberties groups have raised concerns over the use of body scanners, arguing that it is a violation of privacy rights. However, TSA maintains that the machines are necessary for public safety and security and that any concerns regarding privacy have been addressed. The TSA plans to roll out the additional body scanners at various airports in the coming months. Passengers are advised to arrive early for their flights to allow for additional screening time and avoid any delays.