article: An Ohio sheriff has released 72 inmates because of budget cuts which he says are restricting his ability to safely run the jail. The move by Summit County Sheriff Steve Barry in Akron on Sunday reduces the county jail's overall capacity by 149 beds, from 671 to 522. Convicts, mostly with non-violent charges, beamed as they filed out of the now defunct wing to meet relatives and agencies outside the gates. Released: 72 inmates were released from Summit County Jail, Ohio, on Sunday after an entire wing was shut . Decision: Summit County Sherrif Steve Barry said he had no choice but to close the 150-bed wing . The jail has been reporting issues since the state cut local government funding by $1 billion in 2012. The sheriff's spokesman Bill Holland told the Akron Beacon Journal lowing staffing meant inamtes were being kept in their cells longer, with less recreational time, leading to heightened tensions and fights. To combat the issue, he said, staff had been refused holiday. A table was set up outside the jail with hats, gloves and scarves for the inmates as temperatures dropped to 24 degrees. Some were unaware they were being released until hours before. 'I ain't happy because I've got to go back to court,' one inmate, who was not named, told ABC News. Another said: 'I'm happy! I'm out!' Mixed feelings: One man (left) was  delighted. Another (right) raged that he has to go back to court . 'Second chance': Antonio Spragling, jailed for drugs charges in November, said this is a second chance . Surprised: Many did not know they were going to be released until hours before the measure passed . Former inmate Antonio Spragling, 50, who was jailed for drug charges in November, told the Akron Beacon Journal: 'All I can do is thank God... I look at it as a second chance and I'm not going to let anyone down. No judge. The system. And more important, I'm not going to let myself down.' Most of the released men were taken home while some were transferred to alternative sentencing programs. The sheriff, who announced the planned measure last year, could not recall a similar release in the past. 'I don't want these people out,' Barry told the journal. 'I got no choice.' The next step: All inmates have been issued a court date to discuss the completion of their sentence . Barry, who began his sheriff's office career in 1979, said all the victims of the inmates have been contacted about the release. The jail received about 50 new inmates over the last two days, complicating Sunday's release. Cuts in state funding for local municipalities have squeezed the sheriff's budget, along with voters' November rejection of a county sales tax increase that would have generated about $20 million a year for 10 years.
highlights: Summit County Sheriff Steve Barry closed a 150-bed wing of the jail . He said the jail is not safe after the state cut local funding by $1bn in 2012 . Inmates, most with drugs charges, were met by family and agencies . They have all been issued with court dates, sheriff insists . Barry said: 'I don't want these people out. I got no choice'
id: c1ef4363f1fe711aeac0e364b9b5ccfa1772ccc7
chatgpt: Summit County Sheriff Steve Barry announced yesterday that he has been forced to close a 150-bed wing of the county jail due to safety concerns. Sheriff Barry says the closure was necessary because the jail is simply too dangerous to house inmates given the significant cut in state funding that occurred in 2012. According to Sheriff Barry, the closure will have a significant impact on both inmates and their families. Most of the 150 inmates housed in the wing were facing drug charges, and as a result, many of their families and community groups have expressed concerns about their well-being in the wake of the closure. Speaking to reporters, Sheriff Barry made it clear that despite the closure, all of the affected inmates have been given court dates that they will need to attend. He also noted that the jail staff will continue to work with the courts and other law enforcement agencies to ensure that those who have been arrested for drug-related offenses are held accountable for their actions. "I don't want these people out," Sheriff Barry said. "But unfortunately, given the current state of our jail, I have no choice. I can't continue to put inmates, staff, and others at risk." The announcement has sparked concerns among local residents and community groups who worry that the closure could lead to increased crime rates in the area. Many believe that the state should provide more funding to help keep the jail running safely. In response to the concerns, the Summit County Board of Commissioners issued a statement saying that they are aware of the situation and are working to identify potential solutions. "We understand the concerns of our citizens and want to assure them that we are doing everything in our power to provide a safe and secure environment for our residents," the statement read. The closure of the 150-bed wing is just the latest issue facing the Summit County Jail. The facility has been plagued by overcrowding, understaffing, and safety concerns in recent years. The state funding cut in 2012 only made the situation worse, forcing the Sheriff's Office to make difficult choices in order to maintain safety and security within the jail. For now, the affected inmates will be released with court dates to face their charges outside of the jail. Sheriff Barry says he hopes that the closure will serve as a wake-up call for state officials and prompt them to provide more funding for the county jails across Ohio. "We need to address this crisis head-on," Sheriff Barry said. "We can't continue to put our staff, our inmates, and our community at risk."