article: British spies were blamed for spreading ‘lurid sex scandal’ rumours about Cabinet minister Leon Brittan . British spies were blamed for spreading ‘lurid sex scandal’ rumours about Cabinet minister Leon Brittan. MI5 agents were said to have made the baseless claims against the then Home Secretary as he was angry they failed to prevent the disastrous Libyan embassy siege. Right-wing elements in the security services also allegedly disliked his Jewish background. The smears surrounding Lord Brittan became so well known, Downing Street had to issue a warning that they were untrue. In June 1984, Private Eye revealed that gossip revolved around the Home Secretary. It wrote: ‘The “Cabinet Minister Scandal” that surfaced after a lobby briefing by Mr Bernard Ingham, Mrs Thatcher’s press secretary, relates to Home Secretary Leon Brittan.’ The magazine said the story –‘already widely discounted as false’ – had been revived after WPC Yvonne Fletcher was shot dead outside the Libyan embassy in 1984. Private Eye claimed ‘MI5 failed to evaluate the situation’ and that Brittan considered ‘a big shake-up in MI5’. ‘The MI5 spooks and loonies who object to having a Jewish Home Secretary retaliated by resurrecting the Brittan smear... spreading it round the Street of Shame,’ claimed Private Eye. Last week the MoS reported Lord Brittan was questioned by police over allegations he raped a 19-year-old student in 1967. He denies it and has not been arrested or charged. Lord Brittan’s spokesman said: ‘He is unaware of any of the briefings to which you refer.’ MI5 agents were said to have made the baseless claims against the then Home Secretary as he was angry they failed to prevent the disastrous Libyan embassy siege (pictured above at the time) Right-wing elements in the security services also allegedly disliked Leon Brittan's Jewish background . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
highlights: Spies said to have made baseless claims against the then Home Secretary as he was angry they failed to prevent disastrous Libyan embassy siege . Right-wing elements in security services also allegedly disliked his Jewish background .
id: 5ec19cc037fb9dfcdf58273bcaa7be7efdb68bd4
chatgpt: Allegations have emerged that spies made baseless claims against the former Home Secretary because they were upset at their failure to prevent the disastrous siege at the Libyan embassy in London. The former minister, who is of Jewish background, was also reportedly targeted by right-wing elements within the security services. The claims were made by an anonymous source who told a national newspaper that the former Home Secretary was the victim of a vendetta by certain individuals within the intelligence community. The source suggested that the spies were angry at their failure to prevent the embassy siege and were looking for someone to blame. According to the source, the former Home Secretary was accused of being too soft on terrorism and of leaking sensitive information to the media. These claims were made despite there being no evidence to support them. The source also claimed that the former minister was targeted because of his Jewish background. Right-wing elements within the security services reportedly saw his Jewish heritage as a reason to distrust him, a claim that has been strongly denied by security officials. The allegations have been strongly denied by the former Home Secretary, who spoke to the newspaper about the claims. He said that he had always been committed to fighting terrorism and had never leaked sensitive information to the media. He also expressed his disappointment at the allegations of anti-Semitism within the security services, saying that such views had no place in a modern, diverse society. The allegations have sparked criticism from politicians and civil liberties groups, who have called for an independent inquiry into the claims. They have voiced concerns that the accusations may be part of a wider culture of discrimination within the intelligence community. The Home Office has refused to comment on the allegations, stating that the matter was an operational one for the intelligence agencies. This is a developing story and further updates are expected to emerge in the coming days.