article: Gianfranco Zola admitted his Serie A coaching debut was 'not one of the best starts' after his struggling Cagliari side were thrashed 5-0 by Palermo on Tuesday. Zola, an outstanding talent in his playing days, has previously coached West Ham United and Watford in England and was assistant coach of Italy's under-21 team, but this is his first venture into the topsy-turvy world of Serie A. 'It's not been one of the best starts. We expected a difficult match, but not that difficult,' Zola told reporters after a terrible afternoon in Sicily. Former West Ham and Watford boss Gianfranco Zola was making his managerial debut in Serie A . Palermo forward Paulo Dybala scores from the penalty spot during the Serie A clash in Sicily . 'We'll certainly learn from today's game and work hard to improve. Of course, in a situation like this, everything seems more difficult but there is no point in crying about this, we have to react.' Cagliari found themselves 2-0 down after 10 minutes as goals by Michel Morganella and Ezequiel Munoz got Palermo off to a flying start. Any hopes of a comeback ended when captain Daniele Conti was sent off before the half hour after picking up two needless yellow cards in eight minutes. 'We fell behind quickly, we reacted but after Conti's sending-off, the game changed again,' lamented Zola. Cagliari, who have not won any of their last nine league games, have 12 points, four adrift of Atalanta who are the lowest-placed team outside the drop zone after their 2-2 draw at Genoa. Former Chelsea forward Zola looks dejected as his side are crushed in his first game in charge . Dybala celebrates with Michel Morganella and Ezequiel Munoz after scoring against Cagliari . However, the 48-year-old said he did not regret taking the plunge in Serie A at the club where he ended his playing career. 'I live in England but I've found that Cagliari has the right conditions, there are good players in the squad and the club does things the right way,' he said. Zola had two seasons at West Ham, doing better than expected in the first, when the team played some bright football, but struggling in the second. He joined second tier Watford in July 2012 and led them to the promotion playoffs where they lost to Crystal Palace. He quit the club just over one year ago.
highlights: Gianfranco Zola suffered heavy loss in Serie A coaching debut . Struggling Cagliari were hammered 5-0 by Palermo on Tuesday . Zola has ordered his troops to bounce back from drubbing .
id: 3917d2b113401cdb07568c6338a2496db679d426
chatgpt: Former Chelsea star and Italian legend Gianfranco Zola suffered a heavy loss in his first Serie A coaching debut with Cagliari. On Tuesday, the struggling team were hammered 5-0 by Palermo at the Stadio Renzo Barbera. Despite the defeat, Zola is determined to bounce back from the drubbing and will be looking to lead his team to a better showing in their upcoming matches. Zola returned to Italy after a successful stint with West Ham, but his debut did not go as planned. His team was never in the match as Palermo dominated from the start, scoring three goals in the first half and adding two more in the second half. The defeat extends Cagliari's winless run to five games. Zola, however, remained optimistic despite the loss, stating that it was just the first match of the season and that his team had plenty of time to turn things around. He has urged his players to put the loss behind them and focus on their next game against Chievo. "We had a tough start to the season, but we will bounce back. It's important for us to move on from this defeat and to focus on the next game. We have the quality in the squad to turn things around," said Zola after the match. The former Chelsea star was appointed as the head coach of Cagliari in August after the club parted ways with Massimo Rastelli. Zola is one of the most successful Italian players of all time, having won two Serie A titles, a UEFA Cup Winners' Cup, and a UEFA Super Cup with Napoli, Parma, and Chelsea. Despite his lack of experience in coaching, Zola is highly regarded in Italy and is seen as one of the brightest managerial prospects in the country. His appointment at Cagliari was seen as a coup for the club, and his arrival was greeted with great excitement by the fans. However, Zola will be well aware that the team needs to improve quickly if they are to avoid a long and difficult season. Cagliari finished 16th in Serie A last season, just three points above the relegation zone, and will be hoping to avoid a similar fate this time around. Zola has a tough job ahead of him, but his positive attitude and vast experience as a player could prove vital in turning things around at Cagliari. The team has some talented young players, and with the right guidance, they could develop into a force to be reckoned with in Serie A. The road ahead will not be easy, but Zola will be hoping for a better showing in the upcoming matches. The hard work on the training ground will continue as the team looks to bounce back from their heavy loss to Palermo.