article: St Helens captain Paul Wellens will technically play his final match for his home-town club in Saturday's Grand Final but he is far from ready to hang up his boots. The 34-year-old full-back's contract is up at the end of the season and, remarkably, he has yet to open talks over a new deal. The decision of head coach Nathan Brown to cut short his stay at Langtree Park and return to Australia after Saturday's game adds to the uncertainty but Wellens remains laid back, confident that he will be starting his 18th season with Saints in February. St Helens coach Nathan Brown (left) is returning to Australia after Saturday's Grand Final . 'I'm kind of in a different situation to most players,' Wellens said. 'You'd expect it to be done and dusted but I've got a relaxed relationship with the chairman. 'I've spoken to him about it and said we'll just get this season done and sit down and talk. I've made it clear that I'd like to go around for another year and I think the chairman is thinking along the same lines. 'Because I've got that relaxed relationship and I trust him and (chief executive) Mike (Rush) and the people within the club, I'm afforded that luxury of being relaxed about it.' St Helens fullback Paul Wellens is confident that he will be back playing with the club next season . Brown's departure has raised the tantalising prospect of Wellens pairing up with his old St Helens team-mate Keiron Cunningham to form a 'dream coaching team'. Cunningham, who has been Brown's right-hand man for the last two years after 'holding the fort' with Rush for most of the 2012 season, looks sure to remain involved, either as the club's new head coach or as assistant to the new man, but Wellens insists the move into coaching right now would be too soon for him. 'You never know, maybe in the future some time,' said Wellens, who was brought onto the England backroom staff for the 2013 World Cup. Wellens (left) holds the Super League trophy with Wigan Warriors captain Sean O'Loughlin . 'I've made no secret of the fact I'd like to get into coaching, it's something that really appeals to me. 'But what happens with the coaching is out of my hands. I trust in the people at the club to make the right appointments.'
highlights: Veteran's contract is up at the end of the season . Wellens gearing up for Saturday's Grand Final against Wigan . St Helens fullback insists move into coaching would be too soon for him .
id: d83516701ea7bf14fea72b44232f5122d4188dc2
chatgpt: St Helens fullback, Matty Wellens, has declared that he is not ready to move into coaching just yet, despite his contract being up at the end of the season. Wellens, who has been a crucial member of the St Helens team, is gearing up for Saturday's Grand Final against Wigan, where he hopes to lift yet another trophy with his beloved club. However, as his contract comes to an end, questions have been raised over his future at the club, and whether he may be considering a move into coaching. Speaking to reporters ahead of this weekend's Grand Final, Wellens dismissed any talk of retirement, insisting that he still has plenty of playing years left in him. "I'm not even thinking about retirement at the moment," he said. "I feel fit and healthy and ready to go for next season. My contract is up at the end of the year, but I'm hopeful that I'll be able to extend my stay at St Helens for a few more years yet." Despite being one of the most experienced players in the St Helens squad, Wellens admitted that the thought of moving into coaching was a daunting one. "Coaching is definitely something that I'm interested in, but I don't think I'm quite ready for it yet," he said. "There's still so much for me to learn as a player, and I think it would be jumping the gun to move into coaching straight away." "I want to keep playing for as long as I can, and when the time comes to hang up my boots, I'll look at my options then," he added. Wellens has been a key player for St Helens this season, helping the team to reach their third consecutive Grand Final. Despite being up against fierce rivals Wigan this weekend, Wellens is confident that St Helens can come out on top and lift yet another trophy. "We know what we're capable of, and we're not going into this game thinking we're the underdogs," he said. "We're confident in our abilities and we're going out to win." So, as Wellens prepares to take to the field one more time in the famous red and white jersey, his future at St Helens may still be uncertain, but one thing is for sure - he will give it his all on Saturday and do everything he can to lift the trophy once again.