article: Thomas Morris who was strangled by his own karate belt in a freak accident while carrying out a martial arts exercise . A teenage fitness fanatic accidentally strangled himself with a karate belt after trying out a martial arts exercise he had seen on the internet, an inquest has heard. Thomas Morris, 17, was found dead in his home gym in Morriston, Swansea, with the belt around his neck - after trying to copy the training exercise. An inquest heard the karate fan had viewed the online training video of martial arts experts using their belt under their chin. The coroner heard that Thomas, who was also a talented rugby player, had shown his sisters the exercise which he hoped would build up his fitness. His mother Belinda and his cousins went to look for Thomas in the gym in an outbuilding in the garden when she returned from an afternoon out, and found him along with the belt wrapped around his neck. Detective Sergeant Lee Carpenter said: 'They went outside where he would train in the gym. They found him suspended.' Mrs Morris said Thomas was keen on martial arts and had recently been on a trip to the Himalayas with his father. She added: 'He'd been doing different exercises for months and months.' His sisters Catherine and Sarah told police that one of the exercises they believed he had been doing that day, involved something Thomas had seen in a video online. A coroner heard that Thomas, who was also a talented rugby player, had shown his sisters the exercise to build up fitness. But he died after his belt became wrapped around his neck while he  was home alone training in the outside gym . Catherine said: 'He had shown us and he could have been trying it himself.' Swansea Coroner Clive Phillips ruled out suicide and concluded his death was misadventure. Mr Phillips said: 'There was nothing to suspect anything was seriously troubling him. 'We've heard from the family that he might have been carrying out this martial arts technique and death was unintended.'
highlights: Thomas Morris, 17, was found dead in home gym in Morriston, Swansea . An inquest heard, he was found with his karate belt around his neck . A coroner heard that he had viewed the online training video of martial arts experts using their belt under their chin, and shown it to his sisters . Coroner ruled out suicide and concluded his death was misadventure .
id: ef9098b5432960bd0bec00b911be327348c087f4
chatgpt: A 17-year-old boy named Thomas Morris was found dead in his home gym in Morriston, Swansea, with his karate belt around his neck. An inquest was conducted, and the coroner heard that Morris had viewed an online training video in which martial arts experts were seen using their belts under their chins. Morris had even shown the video to his sisters. The inquest ruled out suicide and concluded that Morris's death was a misadventure. The coroner described the incident as a tragic accident, as Morris was only trying to replicate what he had seen in the video. The coroner also stated that Morris may not have fully understood the consequences of his actions. The online training video that Morris had watched was intended to be a demonstration of advanced karate techniques. The video was freely available and had been uploaded by a martial arts expert. In the video, the expert was seen using his karate belt under his chin to increase the effectiveness of his techniques. However, this is a dangerous practice and is not recommended for amateur practitioners. The coroner called for greater awareness around the risks associated with online videos that demonstrate dangerous techniques. He also expressed his condolences to Morris's family, who were present during the inquest. Morris's family described him as a talented and intelligent young man who was always eager to learn new things. They were devastated by his untimely death. The tragedy of Thomas Morris's death underscores the importance of teaching proper martial arts techniques in a safe and supervised environment. The use of karate belts for this purpose is not recommended, and individuals should only practice martial arts under the supervision of qualified instructors. In conclusion, the inquest into the death of Thomas Morris found that his death was a misadventure, and that he had not intended to take his own life. The coroner called for greater awareness of the dangers associated with online videos that demonstrate dangerous martial arts techniques. The tragedy is a reminder of the need to promote safe and responsible martial arts practice, especially among amateurs.