article: (CNN) -- Former Manchester United footballer Eric Cantona said Tuesday he wanted to campaign for the French presidency -- but commentators said the announcement was a publicity stunt to turn the spotlight on the plight of poor people. Cantona has written to French mayors to obtain the 500 signatures needed to stand in April's election, Liberation newspaper reported. The 45-year-old told them he was "a citizen very much aware of our times," and would stand up for the young and poorly housed. But the bid was interpreted by Liberation as a way of publicizing his cause of better housing, rather than a genuine presidential campaign. Nicolas Sarkozy of the UMP party is bidding for re-election in April against Socialist rival Francois Hollande. See high-res images of other sports stars-turned-politicians . Cantona's move is just the latest in a varied career by the Frenchman. Since leaving Old Trafford in 1997 where he was known as "King Eric" for his goal-scoring prowess, Cantona has turned to acting, most notably in director Ken Loach's "Looking For Eric." And in 2010 Cantona urged bank customers to withdraw all their money from French banks. The call prompted widespread condemnation by politicians, and few people took out their cash. Finance Minister Francois Baroin, who is also a mayor, dismissed his latest move, adding that he preferred "the Cantona who looks after housing to the Cantona who told the French to withdraw their money from the banks in order to cause a disaster." Cantona gained notoriety in 1995 when he launched a flying kick and several punches at a fan as he was sent off during a match. After the game, he told journalists: "When the seagulls follow the trawler, it's because they think sardines will be thrown into the sea." Last year Cantona, voted by Manchester United fans as their player of the century, was named as director of football for the newly-reformed New York Cosmos. Many other sports stars have made the move into politics. Former Pakistani cricket captain Imran Khan's party is campaigning in elections, while International Monetary Fund boss, and former French finance minister Christine Lagarde was once a member of the French teenage national synchronized swimming team.
highlights: Former footballer Eric Cantona says he wants to run for French presidency . Cantona has written to mayors to obtain 500 signatures needed to stand . Bid interpreted as way of publicizing housing issue, rather than real campaign . Many sports stars have made move into politics, eg. Imran Khan, Christine Lagarde .
id: 974908e85ddc22959d56190c8b09e08874c50974
chatgpt: Former football player and actor Eric Cantona has recently announced his bid to run for the French presidency. Cantona has already started his campaign by writing letters to mayors across France, requesting the 500 signatures he needs in order to formally declare his candidacy.  Although many have speculated that a Cantona presidency would focus on his love of football, the star himself has spoken out about his true intentions. In a recent interview, Cantona stated that his campaign is really about addressing the pressing issue of housing in France.  Cantona has always been a vocal advocate for people's right to affordable, adequate housing. In his earlier years, he even worked as a rough sleeper himself, spending nights on the streets of London in protest against homelessness.  Cantona's campaign is seen as an attempt to bring attention to the plight of those without a home in France. In recent years, France has experienced a major housing crisis, with more than 4 million people living in poverty and many struggling to find affordable housing.  Cantona has said that his campaign is not about winning the election but rather about raising awareness of the housing issue. "I have no ambition to be president," Cantona has said. "I just want to ask the right questions and make sure that everyone is talking about the housing problem."  Cantona isn't the first sports star to move into the world of politics. Imran Khan, former Pakistani cricketer, became the Prime Minister of Pakistan in 2018, and Christine Lagarde, a former French synchronized swimmer, became the head of the International Monetary Fund.  Cantona's announcement has caused a stir in France, with many wondering if he will be able to gather the necessary signatures to officially declare his candidacy. However, even if his campaign falls short, his message has already made an impact.  "I think it's fantastic that someone with such a high profile is using his platform to raise awareness of this issue," said a representative for a French homelessness charity. "I hope his campaign brings some much-needed attention to the problem of housing inequality in our country."  Cantona's passion for social justice and housing rights has always been evident, and his campaign for the presidency is just the latest expression of that passion. Whether or not he succeeds in gathering the necessary signatures, his message is clear: the housing crisis in France is an urgent issue that demands attention and action from leaders at every level.