article: (CNN) -- Bahrain's highest court on Monday upheld the verdicts against 13 activists convicted of plotting to overthrow the government for their role in pro-democracy demonstrations sparked by the success of popular Arab Spring uprisings. The country's highest appeals court took just minutes to rule on the appeal of the 13 people, who received sentences between five years and life, said attorney Mohsin Alawi, who represents three of the 13. Read more: Bahrain says ban on protests is response to violence . The ruling by the court was the last chance the 13 had to reverse their convictions. They were arrested for their roles in anti-government demonstrations in 2011 as the Arab Spring movement swept across the region. Demonstrations in Bahrain failed to gain the traction of other Arab Spring uprisings after a crackdown by authorities, backed by troops from nearby Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates. In November 2011, Bahrain's Independent Commission of Inquiry issued a report critical of authorities' reactions to the protests, which began in February 2011, spurred by uprisings in Tunisia and Egypt. Read more: Bahrain strips Shiite activists of citizenship amid unrest . Bahrain plays a key strategic role in the Middle East and is home to the U.S. Navy's Fifth Fleet headquarters. When Bahrain's lower appeals court upheld the convictions in September, the U.S. State Department said it was "deeply troubled" by the convictions. Amnesty International has called the convictions of the activists an outrage and urged Bahrain to overturn the sentences. It slammed the decision Monday, saying it "is further proof of how the country's justice system simply cannot be relied on." The government has defended its judicial procedures and decisions, saying it provided fair trials. It has pointed out that Amnesty International was one of the international entities that attended the trial. Alawi's clients Abdul Jalil al-Mudad, Muhammed al-Muqdad and Abdul Wahhab Husain received life sentences, he said.
highlights: Bahrain's highest appeals court took just minutes to rule, an attorney says . The 13 pro-democracy activists received sentences between five years and life . The 13 were convicted for their role in protests that began in February 2011 .
id: 82590dcc9dba7905c4c156e6f0213176dce5bf76
chatgpt: Bahrain's highest appeals court has upheld the sentences of 13 pro-democracy activists for their participation in demonstrations that took place in February 2011. The group's sentences ranged from five years to life in prison. According to one of the activists' attorneys, the appellate court's decision was made after just a few minutes of deliberation. The activists were originally convicted in September 2018 for their role in the protests that aimed to bring political reform to Bahrain. The demonstrations began in Pearl Square and quickly spread throughout the country. However, the government responded with a heavy-handed crackdown, leading to the arrest and imprisonment of many protesters. International human rights organizations have criticized Bahrain's handling of the protests and the subsequent trials. They claim that the country has imposed unfair trials and sentenced peaceful protesters to long prison sentences. The activists' lawyers also argue that their clients are being punished for exercising their right to free expression and peaceful assembly. The 13 activists are now running out of legal options as they have exhausted all avenues of appeal within the Bahraini justice system. There is a possibility that they could receive pardons or clemency, but this is unlikely given the government's track record. This news has garnered international attention, with many calling for their release, including the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights. This decision shows that the Bahraini government is not willing to tolerate dissent and is willing to use force to suppress opposition. The situation in Bahrain highlights the challenges facing democracy movements in the Middle East and the lack of respect for basic human rights by some governments in the region. As the international community watches this case, there is hope that pressure from outside Bahrain will put pressure on the government to release the activists and address the underlying issues surrounding political reform and human rights in the country.