article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 14:21 EST, 28 February 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 17:32 EST, 28 February 2014 . A high school student has stunned his girlfriend by renting a billboard to ask her to be his prom date. Emily Arabia gasped and screamed after noticing the massive poster at one of the busiest intersections in Evansville, Indiana bore her face and the question: 'Emily, prom with me?' Footage taken by friends shows her hugging her boyfriend, Chase Brown, after seeing the billboard - before saying yes to his proposal. Scroll down for videos . Creative: Chase Brown surprised girlfriend Emily Arabia by asking her to their junior prom on a billboard . Shock: A video captured by friends shows Emily screaming as she sees the message for the first time . 'I knew from the beginning that she wanted something big and, well, she got it,' Brown, a junior at Memorial High School, told WEHT. 'It was about the biggest thing I could think of besides renting a plane.' So . he rented a Lamar Advertising billboard for two days to post the message, which . included his proposal, their images and 'yes' and 'no' tick boxes. The pair have only been dating for six months, yet he said he started planning the surprise three months ago. His girlfriend said she never expected anything quite so extravagant. 'I was thinking something . in my driveway or something in front of my friends,' Arabia said, smiling. 'Not in front of . all of Evansville.' Success: Emily, who has been dating Brown for six months, gave him the answer he was hoping for . A Lamar spokesperson said that Brown purchased . space on the digital billboard for two days, and that the average three-day rate for a . digital billboard in that location is around $1,200. 'Advertising rates vary depending on location, size, market, campaign duration [and] demand,' she added. 'Given . all the expenses associated with going to Prom - tickets, attire, . flowers, dinner, maybe shared limo rental, etc. - the cost of the . digital billboard could be minor in the grand scheme of the overall cost . of Prom!' Brown said 'it wasn't that big of a deal' and is now looking forward to the prom in April. The happy couple later posed beneath another billboard that read: 'Emily and Chase are going to prom!' See below for video .
highlights: Indiana teen Chase Brown started planning the surprise for his girlfriend of six months, Emily Arabia, three months ago . Video shows her screaming and jumping as she sees the billboard . The pair will be attending their junior prom together in April .
id: 3d9feec1b313dec2cb8e2effe507c35ee87e9e9f
chatgpt: A high school junior in Indiana has taken his love for his girlfriend to new heights, surprising her with a billboard proposal that has gone viral on social media. Chase Brown, 17, started planning the surprise for his girlfriend, Emily Arabia, three months ago, and it all came together on a recent afternoon when they were driving together in his car. As they approached a busy intersection, Emily noticed a large billboard featuring a photo of them together, along with the words "Emily, Prom?" in bold letters. In a heartwarming moment captured on video, Emily can be heard gasping and screaming in shock and disbelief as she sees the billboard for the first time. Chase had picked out the perfect location for his grand proposal. The billboard, located in a prime spot in the town of Brownsburg, was strategically placed so that it would be visible to Emily as they drove by. And it certainly worked, with the video of her reaction quickly going viral on social media. Speaking to local news outlets, Chase revealed that he had been planning the surprise for months, carefully selecting the perfect billboard and enlisting the help of his friends to keep the secret from Emily. "I wanted to make it really special for her," he said. "I knew it would be something she would never forget." Emily, who has been dating Chase for six months, was clearly thrilled with the proposal. The couple will be attending their junior prom together in April, and the billboard is just the beginning of what is sure to be an unforgettable night. As for how he came up with the idea, Chase credited his girlfriend with inspiring him to go big. "Emily is the most amazing person I know," he said. "She deserves the world, and I wanted to do something really special for her." The couple's story has since gone viral, with people from all over the world commenting on social media to offer their congratulations and praise for the thoughtful and unique proposal. For Chase and Emily, it's a moment they will both treasure forever, and a sign of just how strong their love for each other truly is.