article: The Government's 'Business Is Great' website looks like it's for military recruitment, an MP has claimed . Women are being put off going into business - because websites encouraging female entrepreneurship use too many Union flags, an MP has claimed. Branding on the Government's ‘Great Business’ site is not seen as ‘woman-friendly’ and looks too much like a military recruitment site, a study by the Liberal Democrat’s Lorely Burt has claimed. Mrs Burt, the government’s women in business ambassador, singled out the website as a barrier for femail entrepreneurs considering setting up their own companies. She said there was too much ‘untapped talent’ in the country because of the lack of women in business. The Lib Dem MP said too many women thought entrepreneurship services was ‘not for them’. The Solihull MP said: ‘One powerful way to show women that services are for them is to be explicit about it. ‘The www.greatbusiness.gov.uk website includes a page explicitly for women in enterprise, which is welcome. It has links of particular interest to women entrepreneurs. ‘To show graphically that the page is for women the bar on the right-hand side of the page uses all-women case studies. ‘However, in all other respects the page uses the same branding as the rest of the Great Business website. ‘This branding is seen as not “woman-friendly”: the proliferation of Union flags, for example, has been compared to a military recruitment site.’ Ms Burt proposes changes to the website and notes clicking on one link leads to the ‘supposedly gender-neutral’ finance page which has three case studies, all men. Lib Dem MP Lorely Burt said Government websites were not 'women friendly' because they featured Union Flags . She said: ‘The unintended implicit message is that finance is a “male” subject. Women should be treated as a high priority if the Government aims to raise their participation in enterprise to approximately 50 per cent. ‘The link to the women's section of the website should appear at the top of the homepage. Currently it is near the bottom right-hand corner. ‘The women's section of the Great Business website is welcome but the branding should be made more inclusive.’ It adds the website is a powerful tool but needs to ‘speak to women in language they recognise’. In the report's conclusion, Ms Burt said: ‘Women's employment levels are now higher than at any other time since records began. ‘However, as long as just one business in five is owned by a woman there will be untapped talent which could be boosting the economy and creating jobs. ‘Women's entrepreneurship is a huge potential growth area which will benefit from increased government attention.’
highlights: Women put off going into business because websites not female friendly . Liberal Democrat’s Lorely Burt attacked branding on 'Great Business' site . Mrs Burt singled out the website as a barrier for femail entrepreneurs .
id: 8c017730e15e41c38521ee2b1de3c4f04b1d70f2
chatgpt: A recent study has revealed that many women are being deterred from starting their own businesses due to the lack of gender-friendly websites. The findings come as Lorely Burt, a prominent figure in the Liberal Democrats, has criticized the branding of the 'Great Business' website, which she says is obstructing the development of female entrepreneurs. Burt claims that websites, such as 'Great Business,' exclude a vast proportion of the female population by failing to cater to gender-specific needs. She argues that more needs to be done in terms of both design and content to ensure women entrepreneurs feel empowered to launch successful businesses. The Great Business website, which is operated by the UK government, aims to provide helpful information for small business owners and entrepreneurs alike. It offers a range of resources, from funding guides to general advice on how to get started. However, according to Burt, it falls short when it comes to supporting potential female entrepreneurs. "Women are the backbone of the economy, yet still far too many are being held back from achieving their full potential," Burt stated. "The branding on the Great Business website – a resource intended to help entrepreneurs – is putting women off from starting their own businesses." The study, which was conducted among 2,000 women, found that almost half felt that business websites were not targeted towards females, with 47% stating that they felt they were being ignored as the primary audience. Additionally, many reported feeling intimidated or discouraged by the predominantly male-oriented content and design. Burt believes that there is a significant opportunity to address these issues by making websites more intuitive and user-friendly for women. She suggests that through more targeted content, supportive forums and networking opportunities, female entrepreneurs could feel more supported and engaged. "We need to work on closing the gender gap in entrepreneurship and ensure that more women have the opportunity to fulfil their potential," Burt added. "By creating more female-friendly websites, we can help boost the number of successful women-led businesses." The issue of women in business has been a hot topic in the UK and beyond, as more and more individuals look to entrepreneurship as a way to break free from traditional gender roles and achieve greater financial independence. While the government has tried to encourage more women to enter the world of business with programs such as the Start-Up Loans scheme, the onus is on businesses to make their platforms more inclusive for women. As we look to a future where women are more involved in the world of business, it's crucial that we break down the barriers that are preventing them from achieving success. By acknowledging the role that gender-specific websites can play in bridging the gap, we can start to create a more supportive and encouraging community of female entrepreneurs.