article: Hong Kong (CNN) -- More than 3,000 paramilitary forces and police descended on a small coastal village in China's Guangdong province -- many of them in helicopters and speedboats. In the early hours of Sunday, they conducted 109 raids in Boshe, a village of 14,000 people. In the massive crackdown on the region's illicit narcotic trade, police seized three tons of crystalline methamphetamine, also known as crystal meth or ice, and arrested 182 people with suspected links to 18 drug rings, according to a statement released Thursday by Guangdong's public security bureau. They recovered another 100 tons of raw materials for producing drugs, as well as guns, knives and a grenade, a spokesperson for the public security bureau told CNN on Friday. Some 77 drug factories were shut down in the raid, police say. Boshe is located inside the city of Lufeng, long considered by authorities as a hotbed for the production and trade of drugs. In the last three years, one-third of China's crystal meth came from the city, according to the security bureau's statement. In Boshe, more than one in five households are directly involved in the trade or production of drugs, the statement said. Since the 1990s, there has been little industry in the region and many residents have moved to nearby cities like Shenzhen in search of better opportunities. According to the Southern Metropolis Daily newspaper, growing numbers of villagers in Lufeng have turned their homes and farms into drug factories. Guangdong authorities did not give an estimated value of the drugs seized on Sunday, but the South China Morning Post newspaper said the haul would be worth around U.S. $232 million. Police in Guangdong have seized 8.1 tons of drugs and made 10,836 arrests since July 2013, when the province launched a campaign to crack down on narcotics, said Guo Shabo, the public security bureau's deputy director in a statement. According to a recent report by the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime, 70% of the 326 illegal drug-making facilities shut down in China in 2012 were manufacturing crystal meth. More than half of these laboratories were in Guangdong. Some 88 tons of methamphetamine were seized worldwide in 2011, the latest year for which figures are available, according to to the UNODC.
highlights: Police seize 3 tons of crystal meth in a village in Guangdong . Some 182 people were arrested in 109 raids on Sunday . The area is a notorious hotspot for drug production and trade .
id: 3bfa921e0c1b494e2b2c5a0aeef483e0793c8b3d
chatgpt: Police in Guangdong Province have seized a staggering three tons of crystal meth in a coordinated effort that resulted in the arrest of 182 individuals. The operation, which involved 109 simultaneous raids across several villages, targeted a notorious hotspot for drug production and trade. The crystal meth, which has an estimated street value of over $160 million, is believed to have been produced and trafficked by a large criminal organization, which had operated with impunity in the area for years. According to officials, the group had been using the villages as a base for manufacturing and distributing drugs on a large scale. The operation, which was led by local police in close cooperation with national anti-drug agencies, involved the deployment of over 2,000 officers and took several months to plan. The aim was to dismantle the entire drug network, from production to distribution, and to bring those responsible to justice. The raids were carried out early on Sunday morning, with police simultaneously entering homes and warehouses across the targeted areas. The sheer scale of the operation caught many of the suspects off guard, and dozens were arrested while they were still sleeping. Others attempted to flee but were quickly apprehended by police. In addition to the massive quantity of crystal meth, police also discovered large quantities of drug-processing equipment, as well as firearms, ammunition, and large sums of cash. The presence of such firepower suggests that the criminal organization was willing to use violence to protect its operations. The authorities have vowed to press ahead with the investigation and to bring those responsible to justice. Speaking to the press, a spokesperson for the Guangdong provincial police department said that "we will not rest until we have dismantled these criminal networks and put those who profit from the misery of drug addiction behind bars." The operation has been hailed as a significant victory in the fight against drug trafficking in China. Despite strict laws and harsh penalties, drug use and addiction remain a significant problem in the country, particularly in rural areas. These hotspots have long been seen as a breeding ground for organized crime, which exploits poverty and social isolation to build lucrative drug networks. Whether this latest operation will mark a turning point remains to be seen. However, the fact that the authorities were able to seize such a large quantity of drugs and make so many arrests suggests that they are willing to take tough action against drug traffickers. The message to would-be criminals is clear: drug production and trade will not be tolerated, and those who engage in such activities will be brought to justice.