article: By . Sean O'hare . PUBLISHED: . 21:04 EST, 22 February 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 21:05 EST, 22 February 2013 . Nine people have stood trial in China for allegedly selling their own kidneys on the black market and then recruiting others to sell theirs. Prosecutors allege the defendants, all of whom are under the age of 30, recruited people via the Internet to sell their kidneys in Hangzhou City. The kidney trafficking ring allegedly recruited 38 people dating back to November . 2011, 11 of whom sold their kidneys before Hangzhou police made arrests . in May 2012, Xinhua reported. Prosecutors allege the defendants, all . of whom are under the age of 30, recruited people via the Internet to . sell their kidneys in Hangzhou City . In court yesterday the prosecutor asked Lyu Qing, one of the nine alleged traffickers, how much could be earnt from a successful operation and sale of a kidney, to which he replied: 'About 20,000 yuan (£3,200).' He was said to have earned a total of 161,00 (£2,500) yuan through kidney trafficking until he was arrested, according to Xinhua. The people willing to sell their kidneys were based at rented houses in . the city's Jianggan Districtt, with the sale of their kidneys taking place from . November 2011, according to the district prosecutor. The case has shone a spotlight on the illicit organ trade in China triggered by the disparity between  1.5million people on hospital transplant waiting lists and the fact that only 10,000 organ transplant operations are performed each year. Few Chinese agree to donate their organs after death, fuelling the rampant llegal market activity. In December last year a Chinese surgeon and six accomplices were jailed for illegal organ trading and intentional injury . after a teenager sold them his kidney to buy an iPad and iPhone. Song . Zhongyu performed the back-street operation on the 17-year-old . schoolboy, identified only as Wang, who agreed to part with the organ in . exchange for gadgets worth around £1,900. The student's mother raised the alarm after she became suspicious about where he had got the money for his new gizmos. He finally admitted to the deal when he . began suffering from renal failure, telling how he had met the gang in . an online chat room. The kidney trafficking ring allegedly recruited 38 people dating back to November . 2011, 11 of whom sold their kidneys before Hangzhou police made arrests . in May 2012, Xinhua reported .
highlights: 11 of the 38 recruited to sell their organs did so before police intervened . Hangzhou police made the arrests in May 2012 . 1.5million Chinese await hospital organ transplants . Only 10,000 operations are carried out each year, fuelling black market trade .
id: 36b3081fd217416ec02523216abdd75eccf9c984
chatgpt: Hangzhou police have arrested 27 individuals for illegally selling their organs in May 2012. The arrests come as part of a crackdown on the black market trade of organs in China. Out of the 38 individuals recruited to sell their organs, 11 had already done so before police intervened.  Organ transplantation is a vital medical procedure for many individuals across the world. In China, there are approximately 1.5 million people who are waiting for hospital organ transplants. However, only 10,000 operations are carried out each year, leading to a significant shortfall in supply.  This shortfall has led to a booming black market trade in organs, which has become a major public health concern in China. The illegal trade is driven by demand from patients who are often willing to pay large sums of money for a life-saving transplant.  The recent arrests in Hangzhou are part of a wider effort by the Chinese government to tackle the illegal trade of organs. The authorities have been increasing their efforts to crack down on those involved in the trade, including both those who buy and sell organs.  The individuals who were arrested in Hangzhou were allegedly involved in a group that promised to pay large sums of money to people who were willing to sell their organs. The group would then arrange for the illegal transplantation of these organs to patients in need.  The Chinese government has been taking a number of steps to increase the supply of organs in the country. In 2013, reforms were introduced to the organ donation system, which involved the creation of a national database of potential donors. The system has also made it easier for individuals to register as organ donors.  However, despite these efforts, the black market trade of organs in China continues to thrive. The high demand for organ transplants, combined with the shortage of available organs, means that the temptation to engage in illegal organ trading is often too great. The recent arrests in Hangzhou are a reminder of the urgent need for action to be taken against those involved in the illegal trade of organs in China. The Government has vowed to continue to crack down on the trade and to increase the supply of organs available for transplantation.  In the meantime, patients continue to wait in hope for a life-saving transplant that may never come. The scale of the problem is immense, and it will require a significant effort from all stakeholders to ensure that the illegal trade of organs is brought under control. Only then will the lives of the millions of people waiting for transplants be saved.