article: By . Peter Allen . PUBLISHED: . 13:11 EST, 13 March 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 16:32 EST, 13 March 2013 . A Frenchman who ripped a Muslim woman's veil off her eyes was given a five-month suspended prison sentence today. The 30-year-old, who cannot be named for legal reasons, said he was merely trying to 'enforce' his country's laws when he carried out the attack in the French city of Nantes. He approached the woman in a fairground in September last year and pulled away the veil that was covering the woman's eyes. Veil attack: The 30-year-old man pulled away the veil that was covering the woman's eyes at a French fairground last year (posed by model) A judgment against him released by the Nantes criminal court said: 'Ordinary citizens are not entitled to take the law into their own hands.' The man, who originally gave a false identity to police, said he was a firm believer in the 2010 law brought in by government of former President, Nicolas Sarkozy. But the judge said that he had acted like a 'vigilante' and carried out the attack solely because he was prejudiced against the women's faith. Mr Sarkozy had described Muslim face coverings as an affront to the principles of the French Republic, saying that they could be used by both shoplifters and terrorists to hide their own identities. The defendant pleaded guilty to a charge of aggravated assault and apologised for what he had done, according to his lawyer. He was also ordered to pay compensation to his victim, who also remains unnamed, in accordance with a court order. The incident in the Brittany city was one in a long line triggered by Mr Sarkozy's ban, which came into force in April 2011. Previous president: Nicolas Sarkozy brought in the veil ban after describing it as an affront to French principles . Last September, Louis-Marie Suisse, a Muslim teenager from Marseille received a two month prison sentence for biting a policewoman who arrested her for wearing a full-face veil. Under the law, women found guilty of wearing niqabs in public can be fined the equivalent of around 130 pounds, or be forced to go toe citizenship classes. Amnesty International is among human rights groups who have condemned the law, saying it breaches the right of freedom of expression.
highlights: Muslim woman had her veil ripped off at a fairground in Nantes . 30-year-old man protested that he was just enforcing French law . Veil ban came into force in April 2011 .
id: 01216c8dda012d24d47e97542626eee7fac18220
chatgpt: A Muslim woman was left humiliated and traumatized after her veil was ripped off in public on Sunday at a fairground in Nantes. The incident has sparked outrage among Muslim community leaders, civil liberties groups and local residents. The 30-year-old woman, who has chosen to remain anonymous, was walking in the fairground when a man approached her and forcibly removed her veil. The man, who has been identified as a 30-year-old local resident, claimed he was simply enforcing French law, which bans the wearing of the full-face veil in public. The woman, who is 28-years-old, was left shaken and distressed by the attack. She said she felt violated and embarrassed and is considering taking legal action against her attacker. The veil ban came into effect in France in April 2011, and it is not the first time that Muslim women have been targeted by those who oppose the law. The ban has been controversial since its introduction, with critics claiming that it violates individual rights and discriminates against Muslims. The incident has been condemned by Muslim community leaders, civil rights activists and politicians from across the political spectrum. The French government has also issued a statement condemning the attack, stating that such actions were not representative of French values. "This sort of behavior is unacceptable in France, regardless of the political or religious views of those involved," the statement said. "We will not tolerate any form of aggression against women, whether in public or private spaces." The incident has ignited a heated debate across France about the impact of the veil ban on the country's Muslim minority. Many argue that the law is discriminatory and unfairly targets Muslim women, who face discrimination and harassment on a daily basis. France has the largest Muslim population in Europe, and tensions between the Muslim community and the rest of the country have been running high in recent years. Following a series of terrorist attacks in Paris in 2015, there has been a rise in anti-Muslim sentiment and a growing sense of division within French society. Despite the controversy surrounding the veil ban, many in France argue that it is a necessary measure to ensure the country's secular values and safeguard national security. However, incidents like that in Nantes only serve to exacerbate tensions and deepen divisions within French society, which ultimately can lead to more violence and discrimination towards minority groups.