article: (CNN) -- In middle school, a lot of kids think it's cool to cuss and toss around four-letter words like a soccer ball at recess. McKay Hatch, 16, launched an initiative to curb the use of profanity. But when McKay Hatch was in eighth grade, he called foul on the cussing he heard. Hatch started the No Cussing Club. It began at his school and then, through his Web site, attracted members of all ages from all 50 states and 30 countries. His efforts even got the attention of the Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors, which declared the first week of March "No Cussing Week." CNN's Nicole Lapin spoke to the 16-year-old about the recent success of his movement and the trials he overcame to start it. The following is an edited transcript of the interview. McKay Hatch: Actually, when I first went to my parents about the idea, my dad was kind of like, 'No, no, don't do this.' He knew I'd get bullied and teased, which I did, and more. I got a lot of death threats from people, but I realized that through this whole thing that these people were bullies and I wasn't going to let them win.  Watch the entire interview with McKay Hatch » . Nicole Lapin: Well, you received not only death threats we should say, McKay. Your site was hacked into, prostitutes were sent to your house. Were you ever scared by any of those threats? Hatch: At first I was actually pretty scared because they said, 'I know where you live.' Our address was posted online on a really big Web site and at first I was scared. But like I said, these are bullies and they wanted me to be scared and I wasn't going to let them win. Lapin: Even with the bullies, even with the threats, is this now in 30 different countries with thousands of members? Is it worth it? Hatch: It's definitely worth it. Now we have members in all 50 states and 30 countries. People are signing up with our Web site nocussing.com and they're taking the pledge to use language to uplift and make people feel good about themselves. That's what this whole club is. Lapin: It's not really about just cussing. It's also about civility. Hatch: Yeah, it's about talking to people with civility like you said, and making people feel good about themselves and talking to people with respect. That all starts with your words and how you choose to use them.
highlights: McKay Hatch, 16, started a No Cussing Club to encourage civility . Club has grown on the Internet with members in 30 countries . Teen says he received death threats for starting club . His efforts led to an official No Cussing Week in Los Angeles County .
id: 0f672833fe67769f7e7699d01d72f3503facbed2
chatgpt: McKay Hatch was only 14 years old when he decided to start a club with a mission to encourage civility in language, a club strictly dedicated to discouraging the use of cussing. Today, at age 16, McKay has grown his No Cussing Club to a global level with members in 30 countries around the world. However, the journey for the young activist hasn't been easy.  Despite receiving death threats for starting the No Cussing Club, McKay continued to promote his message of positivity and respect. Hatch, who is now a high school student, said he was "ridiculed" by many for his stance, but he was not deterred. He believed that his efforts were worth it if they could inspire people to be more civil to one another. The club's message resonated with many people, leading to the creation of an official No Cussing Week in Los Angeles County. Hatch told reporters that he was thrilled with the progress his club has made, from its initial days in his hometown in South Pasadena to its now-global reach. "It's awesome to see this message catch on and being spread to different countries," Hatch said. "I'm happy that I can make a difference in the world." More than just promoting swear-free language, Hatch's club has also played a key role in encouraging positive behavior in general. The club's message has often been inspiring and engaging, pushing members to be better people. Members of the No Cussing Club are expected to practice respect, kindness, and empathy in their interactions with others. Many young people have joined the No Cussing Club and have found many benefits as a result. For some, it has helped them improve their communication skills, while for others, it has given them more confidence and self-respect. The club's message is clear: civility in language is not only a reflection of our character, but it also helps establish a healthier society. Though McKay Hatch's journey hasn't come without its challenges, he has successfully established a positive movement. He has inspired others to spread a message of kindness and respect, and his activism is changing the world, one word at a time.