article: England were beaten 31-28 by South Africa on Saturday, extending their winless run against the Springboks to 12 games. Here, Sportsmail looks at five things we learned from Twickenham. South Africa celebrate the only try of the first half during their 31-28 victory over England on Saturday . Too many unforced errors - England must make most of pressure . It's an all-too-familiar story for England fans, but again the hosts at Twickenham dominated possession and had the majority of the territory against the Springboks. But fumbled balls, especially in the first-half, cost Stuart Lancaster's side time and time again. New Zealand would have capitalised more than South Africa too, which is a worrying thought. England made too many mistakes against South Africa and were punished for not converting chances . Time for Ford . England's kicking let them down again on Saturday, and although you can never doubt Owen Farrell's goal-kicking, it is perhaps time for George Ford to enter the fray permanently. The 21-year-old can control the tempo and has the creativity to unlock defences, even though he may not have quite proved it in his brief substitute appearance. Owen Farrell's place-kicking is exemplary but his place in the side is coming under threat . South Africa hoodoo . The Springboks are the second best side in the world, undoubtedly, but 12 games without a win against them is turning into an England hoodoo. Unlike the hosts, South Africa were clinical when they entered the opposition's 22, and were in fact only really troubled when they were a man down in the second-half. Jan Serfontein runs away for his try as the Springboks made it 12 on the bounce against England . Changes for Samoa . Three-point defeats may sound like they are narrow, but the visitors were much better than England on Saturday. It was a similar story against New Zealand, and Lancaster surely must look to freshen things up against Samoa. Marland Yarde and Ben Youngs could be options, with the Leicester half-back impressing after replacing Danny Care. Ben Youngs impressed at scrum half when he replaced Danny Care and could start against Samoa . Unfortunate debut for Anthony Watson . The young winger couldn't quite show fans what he was about at Twickenham. This wasn't helped by some lazy decision-making from Farrell early on, who flicked an inside ball towards the younster by his own corner with two South African defenders closing in. Three points would follow. With the vast amount of options to return after this series, Watson may have to wait for his next big chance on the international stage. Anthony Watson was unfortunate on his full debut for England and may have to wait for another chance .
highlights: England lost 31-28 to South Africa at Twickenham on Saturday . It is the 12th Test in a row in which they have lost to the Springboks . Sportsmail looks at five things we learned about Stuart Lancaster's men .
id: 59108554c0e710411eb07568f854125d60160e98
chatgpt: England's rugby team suffered another defeat against South Africa in a thrilling game at Twickenham on Saturday. The 31-28 loss marks the 12th consecutive defeat for England against the Springboks in what has become an unwanted record. This defeat will no doubt be a bitter pill to swallow for the players and fans as it came so close to securing an end to the losing streak. Despite the loss, there were still some positives that could be taken from the performance of the team, and Sportsmail highlights five things that we learned about Stuart Lancaster's men on the day. First, England showed that they have a lot of grit and determination in them. The team turned in a battling performance, especially in the second half, and never gave up even when it looked like the game was slipping away from them. This is a quality that will come in handy in the future when the team is faced with similar situations. Second, England's defence is still a work in progress. The team conceded four tries in the match, and at crucial moments, the defence let them down. In the final minutes of the game, South Africa scored a try that ultimately proved to be the match-winner, and it was a result of a lapse in England's defence. Third, George Ford is still the preferred option at fly-half. Despite facing some criticism in the lead up to the game, Ford turned in a solid performance and was one of England's best players on the day. His kicking game was particularly impressive, and he was unlucky not to see his last-gasp drop-goal attempt sail between the posts. Fourth, England's set-piece needs more work. The scrum and lineout were inconsistent throughout the match, which put the team under pressure at important moments. The team will need to work on these areas in the coming weeks as they prepare for their next match against Australia. Finally, England needs to find a way to end their losing streak against South Africa. The team has now lost 12 consecutive matches against the Springboks, dating back to 2006, and this is a record that no team wants to hold. The coaching staff and players will need to go back to the drawing board to find a way to overcome their South African hoodoo. Overall, despite the defeat, there were some positive signs for England. The team showed that they have the determination and fight to compete against some of the best teams in the world, and with a bit of work on their weaknesses, they could become a force to be reckoned with once again. Fans will hope that the team can build on this performance and end their losing streak when they face Australia in their next match.