article: (Rolling Stone) -- While gearing up to take Poison on tour with Def Leppard this summer, Michaels found time to assemble an all-star cast of guests for his new LP, "Bret Michaels and Friends: Get Your Rock On," due out in September. "Every song on it is a collaboration with other musicians," says Michaels. "And it's such a diverse range of people, from Loretta Lynn and Joe Perry [who play on a reworking of the Poision hit "Every Rose Has Its Thorn"] and Jimmy Buffett to Lil Jon, Michael Anthony, Ace Frehley, all the Skynyrd guys, guys from .38 Special and Blackfoot and Rascal Flatts' Jay [DeMarcus]. These are friends and people I've played with, partied with, jammed with throughout the years." A new rendition of Poison's "Nothin' But a Good Time" unites Frehley, Anthony and Lil Jon. "Ace Frehley is the real deal," says Michaels. "He laid down this amazing solo and then Michael Anthony came in, he did the backups, and I was like, 'Just play some Michael Anthony licks.' He did, and that's what made magic on the song." While many of the featured artists are now friends of Michaels, they started off as his rock & roll heroes. That's most apparent on his rendition of "Sweet Home Alabama." "I did [it] with all the guys from Lynyrd Skynyrd, the guys from Blackfoot and .38 Special," he says. "That was amazing because probably my first foot in the door as a child was traditional country, then I got turned onto the Beatles and Stones. Then I immediately fell in love with Southern rock, which was kind of a perfect mixture of country and rock." Michaels isn't done recruiting collaborators. He hopes to get Zakk Wylde to come in and redo "Go That Far," the theme from Rock of Love. And after checking out Cheap Trick in concert recently, he got another idea. "I'd like to get Rick Nielsen to come in to play on 'Talk Dirty to Me,'" he says. "I think that'd be great to have him come in and put his style on a song that I remade in an over-the-top, punk-metal fashion." Though Michaels says, "This could be the never-ending record," he's focused on finishing the LP and can't help but get excited about the prospects of future collaborations. "If I was to do another one of these records, it's overwhelming the amount of possibilities," he says. "I've been onstage with Jimmy Page, he's come and played with Poison in Reno, Nevada, and it was an amazing night. And last year, I played with Toby Keith and partied with him. The list is endless." See full story at RollingStone.com. Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone.
highlights: "Bret Michaels and Friends: Get Your Rock On" will drop in September . It will feature a number of artists including Jimmy Buffett, Ace Frehley, Lil Jon and Loretta Lynn . Michaels isn't done recruiting collaborators .
id: 6c0e4496d2e4813b690d1f08737045469a8d5edb
chatgpt: Fans of Bret Michaels are getting excited, as the musician prepares to drop his new album "Bret Michaels and Friends: Get Your Rock On" in September. This eagerly anticipated album is set to feature a number of musical legends, including Jimmy Buffett, Ace Frehley, Lil Jon, and Loretta Lynn. But the most exciting news for fans is that Michaels is not done recruiting collaborators for the album just yet. The album promises to be packed with infectious rock anthems and energetic performances, combining the signature styles of Michaels and his various collaborators. The guest artists on the album are set to bring their own unique flair and expertise to each track. Jimmy Buffett, a legendary artist known for his tropical-themed music, is sure to bring some laid-back vibes and an easygoing attitude to the album. Ace Frehley, founder of the legendary rock band KISS, is likely to bring some serious rock and roll energy to the tracks he appears on. Lil Jon is a powerhouse in the hip-hop world, and his explosive style is sure to inject some serious hype into the album. Finally, Loretta Lynn is a country icon who will undoubtedly bring some twang and down-home charm to the album. Michaels, whose longevity in the music industry is a testament to his talent and hard work, is thrilled to be collaborating with such legendary artists. He recently spoke about the project, stating "These musicians and artists were a part of my life from day one of the recording process to final mastering of the album, and they kicked ass!" The news of the album has generated a buzz among fans, who are eagerly anticipating its release. Michaels has been tantalizing fans with sneak peeks of the album, posting behind-the-scenes footage of the recording process on social media. The album promises to be a fun and rollicking ride for fans of rock and roll, with an impressive roster of collaborators and Michaels' trademark style. With so much anticipation surrounding the release, it's clear that Michaels and his friends will be bringing down the house when "Bret Michaels and Friends: Get Your Rock On" drops in September.