article: By . Katy Winter . PUBLISHED: . 04:25 EST, 29 May 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 04:58 EST, 29 May 2013 . As Britons up and down the country prepare to bare their bodies on holiday, and the English sunshine remains as erratic as ever, more and more of us are embracing fake tanning. And it seems the amount of fake tan you use can help to reveal where you live. The women (and men!) of Scotland top the latest tanning charts, with the women of Glasgow buying more tanning products than anywhere else in the UK. The the top five fake tanning cities of the UK . Other tanning addicts including Liverpudlians, who are the second most avid buyers of fake tan, followed by Manchester inhabitants. Tan lovers in the North East stock up nearly twice as much as those in the South West with those in the west country proving to be the least fake tan reliant. The new sales results from Superdrug also reveal that, perhaps inspired by the perma-tanned physiques of the cast of The Only Way Is Essex (TOWIE), Essex customers buy 20 per cent more fake tan than those in London. Ferne McCann and Billie and Sam Faiers all looked ultra tanned as they attended an all-white themed Marbella party yesterday . Both Jasmine Walia and her friend wore nude peep-toe platforms to attend the party. TOWIE seems to have inspired Essex women's ever growing love of fake tan . Reality TV shows TOWIE, Made in Chelsea and Geordie Shore have had a massive effect on female grooming in those areas. The TOWIE effect has seen sales of . fake tan rise by five per cent compared to last year as ladies in Essex . are looking to get the TOWIE look. While sales of fake tan in the . Newcastle area has risen by six per cent and sales in the Fulham area . have risen by four per cent. 1. Glasgow . 2. Liverpool . 3. Manchester . 4. Essex . 5. Leeds . The country isn't completely full of fakes however. As people become more aware of the dangers of sun exposure the pale English rose look has also started to come back into fashion. And it seems the people of Middlesborough have embraced this ethereal look as they prove to be the least users of fake tan along with those in Southall, Margate, Bristol and Kent. A spokesman for Superdrug said: ‘We know that ladies of Liverpool are renowned for their glamorous style and their hair and make-up is always pristine but it’s interesting to see that Glasgow has topped the tanning charts in this research. ‘Fake tan is one of our hero sellers as a beauty retailer and it’s interesting to look at the regional differences. 'In some places customers will buy one bottle to last the whole summer, while for others it’s a weekly purchase.’
highlights: Women in Glasgow buy more fake tan than anywhere else in the UK . Liverpool are the second biggest faux tanners, followed by Manchester . The North East stock up nearly twice as much as those in the South West . Middlesborough is the city buying the least, embracing the pale look . Essex sales have risen by 5% this year; now buy 20% more than London .
id: 86c239791c9c506e6ca0322c771fcb032dbce9ec
chatgpt: Glasgow has been crowned the capital of fake tan sales in the UK, with women in the city stocking up on the product more than anywhere else. A new survey has revealed that Liverpool takes the second spot, followed by Manchester, in the list of cities where faux tanning is most popular. Interestingly, the North East of England appears to be the area where people purchase the most fake tan, buying almost twice as much as those in the South West. However, the least fake tan-loving city is Middlesbrough, where locals seem to embrace their natural, pale complexion. The reason for such a high demand for fake tan in Glasgow is not entirely clear, but it may have something to do with the city's notoriously dreary weather. With long, dark winters and a lack of sunshine, many residents may be turning to self-tanning products to achieve a healthy glow. In Liverpool, where the second highest amount of fake tan is purchased, it could be down to the city's vibrant nightlife and thriving beauty industry. The popularity of reality TV shows that feature heavily tanned stars could also be a contributing factor. Meanwhile, the people of Essex have been embracing the fake tan trend more than ever, with sales rising by 5% this year alone. In fact, Essex now buys 20% more fake tan than London, the city that was once considered the capital of all things tanned and glamorous. It's no secret that fake tan has become a staple in many women's beauty routines in recent years, with numerous products and techniques flooding the market. From gradual tanning lotions and instant sprays to bronzers and shimmer oils, there's a plethora of options available to achieve a sun-kissed look without spending hours in the sun. But the craze doesn't come without its downfalls. Inexperienced application can result in a range of problems, from streaky lines and patchy areas to an unnatural orange hue. There's also the risk of allergic reactions and irritation from the chemicals found in some products. Despite this, the demand for fake tan shows no sign of slowing down, with sales expected to grow even further in the coming years. As long as there's a desire to look bronzed and glowing, there will always be a market for self-tanning products.