article: A man was set on fire inside his SUV in Long Beach last night after reportedly refusing to give a beggar any money. Police say a homeless man set the 63-year-old California man on fire outside a 7-Eleven store by throwing a flammable substance inside the man's parked SUV. The unidentified victim is said to have walked past the panhandler as he requested money, according to ABC. As he got in the car, the man threw a flammable liquid into the vehicle and set it alight. SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . Horrific attack: A 63-year-old man was set alight in his car on Long Beach after he refused to give the beggar money . Firefighters rush to put out the flaming SUV after a 63-year-old man was set ablaze inside it . Long Beach Sgt. Aaron Eaton says the man suffered severe burns in the Friday evening attack. Bystanders helped douse the flames and 38-year-old Raymond Sean Clark was arrested a block away. Clark was jailed on suspicion of attempted murder and on some misdemeanor warrants. He was being held in lieu of $502,000 bail. The victim was hospitalized in critical condition. He suffered third degree burns to his chest and face with his orange T-shirt burned off his body, according to the Beachcomber blog. It looks as if a bomb went off inside the SUV after it was torched by a panhandler . Suspect Raymond Sean Clark is taken into custody on charges of attempted murder . 'This is an unsettling crime, a horrific act,' Eaton told NBC Bay Area. 'The potential for other people to get hurt through the vehicle catching fire next door, the building, someone walking by ... it's extremely unsettling for sure. 'Right now it appears to be a random act,' he said. Steve Cox said he gave spare change to the alleged attacker minutes before the fire. 'He didn’t seem like he was going to harm anybody. He wasn’t very aggressive or anything. I mean, asking for change, he seemed like a nice guy,' Cox said. 'I’m really surprised about what happened. It’s outrageous.' 'This is an unsettling crime' a police officer said of the attack . One witness said he's seen the suspect, Clark, often around the neighborhood. 'He's always outside the 7-Eleven asking for money and smoking cigarettes,' the man, who did not want to be identified, told the Los Angeles Daily News. Shannon Flynn, 16, of Long Beach, said the victim 'was engulfed in flames. The fire was so big, people were screaming. I just can't believe this happened here.' Robert Linkroum saw Clark approaching the SUV and described him as a man 'walking on a mission' as he threw what looked like a bottle into the vehicle. 'It was crazy,' he said. 'The vehicle went up in flames immediately, just totally engulfed. It was all flames. It became so hot in 7-Eleven that I moved towards the back of the store because I thought the windows were going to blow.'
highlights: Victim doused in flammable liquid and set alight in Long Beach, California . Horrified passers-by dragged his flaming body from the car . The 63-year-old victim is in critical condition .
id: d2eeec876ea80a6657f5c20961852a23dfb7db0e
chatgpt: A horrific incident occurred in Long Beach, California that has left the community in shock. A 63-year-old man was doused in flammable liquid and set alight while inside his car. Horrified witnesses rushed to rescue the victim, dragging his flaming body out of the car. The incident occurred on a busy street, and witnesses reported hearing screams and seeing flames coming from the vehicle. Passers-by quickly jumped into action and tried to extinguish the flames with water and blankets. The victim suffered severe burns and was rushed to a nearby hospital. He is currently in critical condition and is being treated for his injuries. Police are investigating the incident as a possible targeted attack and are searching for suspects. Residents and community leaders expressed shock and outrage at the brutality of the attack. "It's horrifying that something like this could happen in our community," said Long Beach Mayor Robert Garcia. "Our thoughts and prayers are with the victim and his family during this difficult time." The victim has not been identified, and it is not yet clear what his connection to the attackers, if any, may be. Police have not released any information about possible motives or suspects. The incident has heightened concerns about violent crime in Long Beach, which has seen a recent spike in violent incidents. City officials have promised to increase police patrols and step up efforts to prevent crime. "We are committed to making Long Beach a safe place for all residents," said Police Chief Robert Luna. "We will not tolerate this kind of violence in our city, and we will do everything in our power to bring those responsible to justice." The attack has left many residents feeling uneasy and fearful for their safety. "I can't believe something like this could happen here," said Long Beach resident Sarah Johnson. "It's scary to think that something like this can happen to anyone, anywhere." The incident is a stark reminder of the dangers that can occur in even the most seemingly safe neighborhoods. It serves as a call to action for communities to band together to prevent violence and ensure the safety of their residents. As the investigation into the attack continues, residents and officials remain hopeful that justice will be served and that the victim will make a full recovery. The community is rallying around the victim and his family, offering support and prayers during this difficult time.