article: (CNN) -- What can 40 goats and 20 cows buy a Kenyan man? Chelsea Clinton's love, if you ask Godwin Kipkemoi Chepkurgor. Hillary Clinton says she would let her daughter Chelsea know about a Kenyan man's unique marriage offer. The Kenyan man first offered the dowry nine years ago to then-President Bill Clinton in asking for the hand of his only child. He renewed it Thursday after Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was asked about the proposal at a Nairobi town hall session. CNN's Fareed Zakaria, the session's moderator, commented that given the economic crisis at hand, Chepkurgor's dowry was "not a bad offer." However, Clinton said her daughter was her own person. "She's very independent," she said. "So I will convey this very kind offer."  Watch Clinton's response to dowry offer » . The audience laughed, but Clinton's comments were no joke to Chepkurgor, who described the younger Clinton as a "beautiful, disciplined and well-natured woman." "Of course I have never met her, but I like her family and how they stick together," Chepkurgor told CNN. "I've waited for a long time. I'm still waiting to meet her and express my love for her." Chepkurgor operates a small electronics and computer shop in Nakuru, a major city northwest of Nairobi. He may still be waiting for Chelsea, but he's not exactly single. He married his wife Grace, a college classmate, in 2006. "My wife has no problem with this," he insisted. "She listened to the answers given by Hillary and did not complain." Polygamy is legal in Kenya, so Chelsea would be Chepkurgor's second wife. "Is that allowed in your side of the world?" he laughed. In Kenya, a man proposes with dowry for the prospective bride, Chepkurgor explained. He said he stands by his initial livestock offer until someone makes a counteroffer. Chepkurgor, now 39, first made his intentions known when all three Clintons visited East Africa in 2000. He wrote a letter to the former president, offering himself as his only child's suitor. He said he had not expected the secretary of state to address the issue during her visit to Kenya this week. However, he admits his chances might be rather slim. "Unfortunately, I don't have their contact information," he said. "I just want to convey my message of goodwill to the Clintons," he said. "And to all of America."
highlights: In 2000, Kenyan man offered cows, goats for Chelsea Clinton's hand in marriage . In recent town hall meeting, Hillary Clinton says she would convey offer to daughter . Godwin Kipkemoi Chepkurgor is already married, says wife wouldn't mind .
id: a23b80bf8bf7a1788922e8b5d3089247e7783734
chatgpt: In a recent town hall meeting held in New Hampshire, former Secretary of State and Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton was confronted with an unusual question. Godwin Kipkemoi Chepkurgor, a Kenyan man, had famously offered cows and goats in exchange for the hand in marriage of Clinton's daughter, Chelsea, back in the year 2000. Now, over a decade later, Chepkurgor's offer has resurfaced and he is seeking an answer. During the meeting, a member of the audience posed the question to Clinton, asking if she had received and conveyed the offer to her daughter. Clinton responded with a chuckle, stating that she had indeed received the offer and found it quite amusing. She then went on to say that she would be sure to convey the offer to Chelsea and see what her response would be. Chepkurgor, who is already married with children, has claimed that his wife would not mind if he pursued this proposal further. He expressed his desire to deliver the livestock to Chelsea in person, stating that he would be willing to travel to the United States if necessary. The offer initially made headlines in the year 2000, during a visit to Kenya by then-President Bill Clinton. Chepkurgor, who was serving as a guard for the president during his visit, made the proposal during a press conference. He stated that he had been struck by Chelsea's beauty and would be willing to offer over 40 goats and 20 cows as dowry in exchange for her hand in marriage. Many were quick to dismiss the offer as a joke, but it appears that Chepkurgor was completely serious about pursuing a marriage with Chelsea. In recent years, he has made several public statements recounting the offer and expressing his continued interest.  Despite this bizarre proposal, it seems that Hillary Clinton has taken the offer in good spirit. Her response at the town hall meeting was met with laughter and applause from the audience. As for the fate of Chelsea's hand in marriage, it remains to be seen whether she will accept the offer of livestock from a Kenyan man she has never met.