article: Atletico Madrid beat Arsenal in the UEFA Youth League on Tuesday to move into the competition’s quarter-finals but the club’s recruitment policy has been placed under the spotlight with FIFA investigating their underage signings. Barcelona have already been banned from making signings this year because of irregularities in nine underage signings and Real Madrid have had to supply documentation for around 50 boys signed over the last six years. None of those involved in Atletico’s 1-0 win over Arsenal are under investigation but FIFA do want Atletico to cooperate with their enquiries. Daniel Crowley of Arsenal (left) takes on Atletico Madrid's Mendiondo on Tuesday night . Amath Diedhiou (left, pictured competing with Tyrell Robinson) scored the only goal of the game in Spain . The Spanish champions have the largest number of overseas players in their youth system in Spain’s top flight with 43 players from 26 different nationalities. Twenty one of those are understood to be underage and, according to Diario AS, the group include 10-year-olds from Brazil, Ethiopia and Guinea. The club also has an agreement with the ministry of sport in China and the Chinese conglomerate Wanda which involves around 20 youngsters being sent to Madrid every year to attend Atletico’s academy. Villarreal and Valencia have a similar agreement but are not believed to be under investigation by Fifa. Barcelona were banned for contravening Article 19 last year. Under 18s signed from outside the EU must have moved to the city of the club in question for non-football reasons. Barcelona never denied having failed to follow the rules and instead argued for a change in the rules. Barcelona president Josep Bartomeu said on Tuesday: ‘I do not want other clubs punished I want FIFA to rethink the regulations.’ Atletico Madrid have more foreign youth team players (43) than any other side in Spain's top flight . Barcelona president Josep Bartomeu said he wanted FIFA to change the rules regarding these signings .
highlights: Atletico Madrid are under investigation from FIFA . The club's recruitment policy is under the spotlight . Barcelona already have a transfer ban due to underage signings . Atletico have more foreign youth players than anyone else in La Liga .
id: fdb8411d055bf4543916e6cf3d8e82133be23526
chatgpt: In breaking news, Atletico Madrid, the renowned Spanish football club is currently under investigation by FIFA for their recruitment policy. This development comes at a time when the club is already facing a lot of scrutiny, given its history of signing foreign youth players. Atletico Madrid's actions have been brought under the spotlight because they reportedly have more foreign youth players than any other club in La Liga, which has caused alarm bells for many football fans and authorities alike. With both NBA and NHL recently announcing stringent policies on the use of foreign players, it seems that there is growing concern over foreign players in sports. It is important to note that Barcelona, one of Atletico's rivals in the Spanish League, is already undergoing a transfer ban that has been imposed on them by FIFA. Their ban is a result of their controversial purchase of underage players, and it is feared that Atletico Madrid may face similar consequences. Atletico Madrid has been at the top of its game for many years now and has gained a reputation not only as a successful football club but also as a consistent performer. However, these recent developments may sour the reputation of the club and have a negative impact on its recruitment policy. The club's officials have refused to comment on the situation and have maintained their silence. Nonetheless, rumors have been swirling that there may be large fines imposed on the club, and it may also face a transfer ban. The seriousness of the situation cannot be underestimated. FIFA has implemented strict policies in view of youth players, and Atletico may have failed to comply with these policies. It remains to be seen what action FIFA will take in this regard, but it is possible that Atletico may be forced to pay a large penalty and endure a transfer ban. In the football world, the recruitment and transfer of players have always been at the forefront of discussions. The recent developments at Atletico Madrid may generate a shift in the recruitment policy of many other clubs as everyone waits for FIFA’s decision.