article: By . Martha De Lacey . Kate McCann, whose three-year-old daughter Madeleine was abducted in Portugal in 2007, has spoken about being the target of internet abuse for taking part in the Virgin London Marathon this Sunday. Speaking on ITV's Daybreak this morning, McCann, 45, who has been training to run in aid of the charity Missing People, an organisation which offers a lifeline of support when someone disappears, said she believes more needs to be done to tackle online trolls. Under a link on Facebook about McCann . doing the Marathon someone wrote: 'Well I am going to, Anyone got a Gun? BBBangggggg? (sic)'. Police are looking in to who made the threat. SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . Kate McCann talking on Daybreak this morning, left, and her daughter Maddie, right, who went missing in Portugal in 2007 when she was three years old . She told Daybreak: 'We have obviously had a lot of abuse over the last six years, so in some ways it's nothing new. I think we tend to get a little bit blasé, which is wrong because you shouldn't do because it's bad.' McCann continued: 'It is internet abuse and we both feel really strongly that more should be done about internet abuse. People wouldn't get away with behaving like that in the street and yet they feel like they can hide behind a computer at home.' Kate, speaking on Daybreak this morning, said she and her husband Gerry feel strongly that something should be done to prevent people being targeted by internet abuse . McCann, who also has eight-year-old twins Amelie and Sean with her husband Gerry,  continued: 'We do have children. Even sometimes when I do think they're cowards and I'm not even going to go there, then I think about my children and I think it's not right that they should come across stuff like that as well.' Speaking to presenters Lorraine Kelly and John Stapleton, the mother-of-three revealed she plans to go ahead with the marathon, despite some recent knock-backs to her health. She explained: 'It's been quite a slog and I think anybody who attempts a marathon knows there's a lot of training involved. 'And it's gone well really until the last five weeks. I've got a couple of problems, I've had a recurrent Achilles tendon problems... and I’ve also got a problem with the joint in my left foot.' John Stapleton and Lorraine Kelly interviewing Kate McCann on Daybreak this morning about the Virgin London Marathon and the death threats she has received online . Speaking to The Sun recently about the internet abuse, he McCann's family spokesman, Clarence Mitchell, said: 'This material has been brought to the attention of the police. One of the posts is actually a death threat and is being dealt with appropriately.'
highlights: Spoke on ITV's Daybreak with Lorraine Kelly and John Stapleton . Is running Virgin London Marathon on Sunday in aid of Missing People . Her daughter Maddie was abducted in Portugal in 2007, aged three . Doesn't want twin children Amelie and Sean, eight, to see internet abuse .
id: 3feb5735f6c4156aa0526b076dc3873674adcaad
chatgpt: Kate McCann, the mother of Madeleine McCann, who was abducted in Portugal in 2007, has spoken out about the abuse she has faced online. McCann recently appeared on ITV's Daybreak where she discussed her upcoming participation in the Virgin London Marathon. She will be running in aid of Missing People, an organization that helps to locate missing persons. However, the conversation soon turned to the online abuse that McCann has been subject to. She revealed that she has received a significant amount of abuse from people online since her daughter went missing over a decade ago. The abuse ranges from accusations that she killed Madeleine to insults about her appearance. McCann stated that she does not want her twin children, Amelie and Sean, who are now eight years old, to see the abuse she receives online. She stated that she has had to explain to them that some people can be hurtful and that it is not their fault. McCann also discussed the impact of the abuse on her mental health, stating that it can be difficult to read what people say about her online. Despite the abuse, McCann remains determined to raise awareness and funds for missing persons. She has been training for the London Marathon and is excited to participate in the event. McCann stated that running for Missing People is a cause that is very important to her and that she hopes to make a difference. The disappearance of Madeleine McCann is one of the most high-profile missing persons cases in recent history. The three-year-old disappeared from her family's holiday apartment in Praia da Luz, Portugal, in May 2007. Despite extensive searches and international attention, Madeleine has never been located. Since her daughter's disappearance, Kate McCann has been an advocate for missing persons. She and her husband, Gerry McCann, founded the Madeleine McCann Foundation, which works to prevent child abduction and exploitation. They also continue their search for Madeleine and have never given up hope of finding her. McCann's participation in the London Marathon is just one of the many ways that she is working to make a difference. By raising awareness and funds for Missing People, she hopes to help other families who are searching for missing loved ones. Despite the online abuse she has faced, McCann remains dedicated to her cause and is a true inspiration to others.