article: By . Kerry Mcdermott . PUBLISHED: . 04:10 EST, 16 November 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 07:47 EST, 16 November 2012 . Fears are growing for a 19-year-old lingerie model who disappeared more than a month ago. Blonde Kara Nichols was last seen on October 9 on her way to work in Denver, Colorado, U.S. Police searching for the missing teen said it appears the model never made it to work that day, and added that it was 'really uncharacteristic' of Miss Nichols not to get in touch with her family and friends. Vanished: There has been no trace of the 19-year-old lingerie model since she made a call from her mobile phone at 11.45pm on October 9 . There has been no trace of the teenager, who lives in Colorado Springs, since she made a call from her mobile phone at 11.45pm on the day she vanished. 'What causes us concern is that it is really uncharacteristic of her not to be in contact with her friends and family,' said Sergeant Joe Roybal, from the El Paso County Sheriff's Office. Officers' attempts to reach Miss Nichols on her mobile phone or to establish the phone's location have proved unsuccessful, Sgt Roybal told The Huffington Post. Mystery: Police in Colorado say it is 'really uncharacteristic' for Kara Nichols not to be in contact with friends and family . Concerns: Kara's family have contacted the National Women's Coalition Against Violence and Exploitation to try and raise awareness of her disappearance . The teenager's stricken family have set the 'Help Us Find Kara Nichols' Facebook page and teamed up with the National Women's Coalition Against Violence and Exploitation to raise awareness of her mysterious disappearance. Friend Rachel Buster told KKTV News she was 'very scared' for the 5ft 8in 19-year-old, who is understood to have taken up underwear modelling in February of this year. Her Model Mayhem profile says that, while she is new to the profession, she is 'very passionate' about modelling. 'Currently I'm working on building my portfolio so I'm always looking for modelling opportunities in my area,' it reads. 'I've done mostly lingerie shoots so far but I'm extremely open-minded.' Search: Police are hoping somebody will come forward with clues as to the 19-year-old's whereabouts . Sgt Roybal said officers had discovered nothing to indicate that a crime had been committed or any evidence of foul play. 'We really don't have any indication as to why she hasn't been in contact,' he said. 'The only thing that concerns us is that she has not been in contact with anybody.' The officer said police want to raise awareness of the case in the hope that somebody might come forward with information on the whereabouts of the teenager. 'We're hoping for a best case scenario,' he added. Miss Nichols is 5ft8ins tall and weighs 120lbs. She has blonde hair and green eyes, and tattoos on her wrist and ankle.
highlights: Kara Nichols was last seen over a month ago on her way to work in Denver, Colorado, U.S. It is 'uncharacteristic' of the underwear model not to be in contact with her friends and family, say police . Her worried family have teamed up with the National Women's Coalition Against Violence and Exploitation to raise awareness of her disappearance . Officers have discovered nothing to indicate foul play and are hoping for a 'best-case scenario'
id: 1746428b55446954bcfac2953890e94a07116878
chatgpt: Kara Nichols, a promising underwear model, has been missing for over a month after leaving her house in Denver, Colorado, U.S on her way to work. The circumstances surrounding her disappearance have left her friends, family, and the local authorities extremely concerned. According to the police, it's "uncharacteristic" of the 19-year-old model to vanish without contacting her loved ones. The fact that she has been out of reach for such an extended period has added to their worries. The police have been working tirelessly to locate Kara since her family reported her missing. However, they have not found anything to suggest her disappearance is linked to any foul play. The lack of evidence means the authorities are hoping for a "best-case scenario" and hope that Kara will return home safely. Kara's family is also very worried and has teamed up with the National Women's Coalition Against Violence and Exploitation to raise awareness about her case. The organization is a non-profit that combats gender-based violence and exploitation by providing resources, advocacy, and outreach services to women and children. In a statement released earlier this week, the organization said that they were "concerned" about Kara's well-being and urged anyone with information to come forward: "We are urging anyone who knows anything about Kara's whereabouts to please contact the authorities. Someone out there must have seen something." Kara's family members have also expressed their concern through social media, sharing pictures of their daughter on Facebook and Twitter in a bid to get the public's help. One relative even shared a post mentioning the thousands of dollars offered as a reward for information leading to Kara's whereabouts. The case has been making headlines across different media platforms, and people from all over the country are speaking out about it. Many of them are posting comments on social media pages sympathizing with Kara's family and asking the authorities to do everything possible to find her. As the search for Kara continues, her friends and family are holding onto the hope that she will return home safely. They're appealing to anyone who knows anything about her whereabouts to come forward and provide information. They're also asking everyone to pray for her safe return as they continue to wait anxiously. In the meantime, Kara's disappearance raises concern not only about her whereabouts but also about the safety of other women who work in the modeling industry. Organizations such as the National Women's Coalition Against Violence and Exploitation are working hard to address and prevent gender-based violence and exploitation in different sectors, including modeling. In conclusion, Kara Nichols, a 19-year-old promising underwear model, has been missing for over a month after leaving her house en route to work in Denver, Colorado. The authorities have found no evidence indicating foul play and are hopeful for a "best-case scenario." Kara's family and organizations such as the National Women's Coalition Against Violence and Exploitation have teamed up to raise awareness about her case and continue to appeal to everyone to provide any information that might help locate her safely.