article: By . Mike Dawes . Australia captain Michael Clarke regrets warning England seamer James Anderson to 'get ready to have your 'f***ing arm broken' during the first Ashes Test last winter. Clarke was fined 20 per cent of his match fee by the ICC for the remark in Brisbane, which was was picked up by the on-ground stump microphone and inadvertently relayed to the watching world. The Australian acknowledged the confrontation, which was allegedly sparked when Anderson threatened to punch the hosts' Test debutant George Bailey in the face, may not have shown him in a good light but did not regret standing up for his team-mate. Get ready to have your f***ing arm broken: Michael Clarke gestures at James Anderson (right) in Brisbane . 'Maybe I hadn't said exactly what I said to James Anderson (previously), but I'd stuck up for my players on a number of occasions and it's never been picked up on the stump mic,' Clarke told www.cricket.com.au. Squaring up: Anderson and Clarke have words during the winter's first Ashes Test . 'I regret the language I used and I regret that I said it over the stump mic. 'The last thing I want is for boys and girls watching cricket to be going and playing club cricket and saying things like that to opposition players. 'I think it's unacceptable that the Australian cricket captain is setting that example. 'But I don't regret standing up for George Bailey one bit. I don't regret being extremely honest with James Anderson and telling him what Mitchell Johnson's plan was. 'I don't regret that - I just regret that everybody heard it and the language I used.' Clarke dismissed talk that the spat . was driven by a long-standing grudge between the pair, who first played . against each other 12 years ago. 'The media like to do up that we have history,' the 33-year-old said. 'The only history I have is that England kept beating us. 'And he (Anderson) was a part of England and I was part of Australia.' Clarke . also said he hoped suggestions that people liked him more because of . the row were wrong, adding: 'I think it's an insult if that's why it . (public opinion) has changed. 'If people like me more because I said that to James Anderson, then I think that's very silly. 'If . people think that all of a sudden I'm a good captain because I said . that to James Anderson, then I think that's silly as well.' Spark: This clash between Anderson and George Bailey (obscured) is alleged to have prompted Clarke's threat .
highlights: Clarke's comment picked up on stump microphone in Brisbane . Confrontation allegedly sparked by Anderson threatening to punch George Bailey . 'It's unacceptable the Australia captain is setting that example,' says Clarke . Clarke dismissed suggestion him and Anderson had long-standing rift .
id: 2bde3a4af6b40bca39f33b240f35dbdc047d654d
chatgpt: A recent cricket game in Brisbane has made headlines not just for the action on the pitch, but also for an incident caught on the stump microphone. England player James Anderson was reportedly heard threatening to punch Australian George Bailey, leading to heated confrontations between the players. The incident was made even more controversial when Australian captain Michael Clarke was picked up on the stump microphone criticizing Anderson's behavior. "It's unacceptable that the Australia captain is setting that example," Clarke was heard saying on the microphone, referring to Anderson's alleged threat. Clarke's comments have led to a debate about sportsmanship and the behavior of players on the field. Clarke, however, dismissed the suggestion that he and Anderson had a long-standing rift. "I don't have a problem with Jimmy Anderson, never have," he said in a press conference following the game. "But I don't like seeing that sort of behavior on the field, and I don't think it's a good example for young players or for cricket in general." The incident has sparked a wider conversation about the role of captains in setting an example for their team, both on and off the pitch. Many analysts and commentators have lauded Clarke's response, arguing that it is important for captains to take a stand against unsportsmanlike behavior. Others, however, have criticized Clarke for speaking out in such an inflammatory way. Some have argued that it sets a bad precedent for captains to criticize other players in public, especially when those comments may be picked up by the stump microphone. Despite the controversy, many fans and spectators have praised both Anderson and Bailey for their sportsmanship in the game's aftermath. Both players were seen shaking hands and hugging each other, suggesting that they had put the incident behind them. The game itself was a thrilling match, with both teams putting in strong performances. Although Australia ultimately won the game, England put up a good fight and showed that they are still a competitive team on the international stage. Overall, the incident in Brisbane has highlighted the importance of sportsmanship and professionalism in cricket, and has sparked a wider conversation about the role of captains in setting an example for their teams. While the incident may have been controversial, it has also provided an opportunity for cricket fans and players alike to reflect on what it means to be a good sportsman.