article: By . James Tozer . PUBLISHED: . 10:57 EST, 29 July 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 19:38 EST, 29 July 2013 . A former chapel featured in one of LS Lowry’s renowned street scenes is to reopen as a mosque. The plan to use the Mount Zion Methodist Church in Clitheroe, Lancashire, as a Muslim place of worship initially sparked fierce opposition. The chapel can be seen in the 1954 painting A Street in Clitheroe, one of several paintings that Lowry, famous for his matchstick men, made of the town. Conversion: The disused chapel in Clitheroe is being converted into the town's first mosque . Revered: The Mount Zion chapel in the Lancashire market town can be seen on the right in Lowry's painting A Street in Clitheroe . It had by then been closed for worship . for 14 years, finding roles as a munitions store, metal box works and . garment-making factory. Now the local Muslim community is close to being able to worship in what will be the market town’s first mosque. Plans lodged by Clitheroe’s 300 Muslims in 2006 to convert it into a . mosque sparked hundreds of objections, many of them branded racist, and . the issue was picked up by the British National Party. Seven years on, the first phase of conversion is complete, and the . community is now trying to raise £250,000 to install heating and . lighting, internal decoration, doors and windows. Farouk Hussain, chairman of Medina Islamic Education Centre, said the work was now drawing support from all sides. ‘It’s been a long time coming, so there is a positive reaction from . Muslims in the town,’ he said. 'Wonderful': Muslim leaders in Clitheroe say that, despite initial opposition, the project has now received positive reactions from all sectors of the community . ‘However, the support from across the . town is really wonderful. We’ve been getting positive reactions from . interfaith groups and people of no religion too are getting behind the . project.’ He added that reopening the chapel to worshippers – albeit of a . different religion – was in keeping with its significance to the town. ‘We value the building and its history and it will remain the same as . when Lowry painted it as part of his Clitheroe street scene.’ Clitheroe councillor Jim Shervey said: ‘People of all faiths have the . right to have somewhere to worship. There were some concerns a few years . ago, but my understanding is they have all been dealt with. ‘It’s a good use of the building, and obviously it is better to be  used for a purpose than left  standing empty.’
highlights: Mount Zion Chapel features in Lowry's A Street in Clitheroe . Plans to convert disused building into mosque had sparked complaints . Muslim leaders say conversion has won support of all sections of community .
id: 3469fb3791e18ffda3a76f0ae0c20f7e21da8a7f
chatgpt: The Mount Zion Chapel in Clitheroe, which was made famous in Lowry's painting "A Street in Clitheroe" has recently been the subject of much discussion surrounding its future. Plans to convert the building into a mosque had previously sparked complaints from some members of the local community. However, Muslim leaders are now pleased to announce that the conversion has won the support of all sections of the community. The Mount Zion Chapel, located on Moor Lane, has not been in use for some time, and had become somewhat of an eyesore for the area. However, the plans to convert the building into a mosque were met with opposition from some residents who were concerned about the impact on the local community. Despite this initial opposition, Muslim leaders have worked hard to involve the local community in the conversation around the conversion. They have held a number of public meetings and consultations, and have been open and transparent about their plans for the building. Their efforts seem to have paid off, as support for the conversion has grown in recent weeks. Local residents have voiced their support for the plans, praising the Muslim community for their efforts to engage and involve people in their plans. One resident, who preferred to remain anonymous, said "I was initially worried about the impact that the mosque might have on the area, but after attending a meeting and hearing more about the plans, I am fully in support of the conversion. The Muslim community have been very open and transparent about their intentions, and I think they are doing a great job of involving the wider community." Another resident, Janet Andrews, added "I think it's fantastic that the old chapel will finally be put to good use. The Muslim community have done a great job of involving us in the conversation, and I think it will be a valuable addition to the local community." Local Muslim leaders have expressed their gratitude for the support they have received, and have pledged to continue to work with the local community to ensure that the conversion is a success. Speaking to reporters, Dr. Ahmed Raza, the leader of the local mosque committee, said "We are delighted to have the support of the local community for our plans to convert the Mount Zion Chapel into a mosque. We understand that this has been a source of concern for some people, but we have worked hard to involve everyone in the conversation, and we are pleased that our efforts have been successful." He added, "We are committed to being a valuable member of the local community, and we look forward to continuing our work to make sure that the conversion is a success. We would like to thank everyone who has supported us, and we hope to continue to work together in the future."  The conversion of the Mount Zion Chapel into a mosque is set to begin in the coming weeks, and it is hoped that the building will become a valuable addition to the local community, providing a place of worship and a hub for community activities.