article: (CNN) -- A road trip, Melissa McCarthy and a drunken Susan Sarandon. Sounds like a recipe for a summer blockbuster, right? That's what McCarthy and her husband, Ben Falcone, are hoping to pull off with their July 2 comedy, "Tammy." The pair co-wrote and co-produced the feature about an unhinged woman who's suffered a job loss and an unfaithful husband in too short a time span. McCarthy stars as the titular troubled Tammy, while Falcone took a seat in the director's chair for the first time. And according to the duo, they have a peculiar dream to thank for their inspiration. "Apparently (Falcone) goes and has really strange dreams about alcoholic grandmothers, but it's working out great for us," McCarthy joked at the movie's June 30 premiere. "I know it sounds a little bit creepy," Falcone added, "but I came downstairs and I just told Melissa, 'Would you want to do a road trip movie?' And "a mere seven years later," here they are, with "Tammy" having ridden McCarthy's reputation for perfectly executed physical comedy right to the top of this summer's "must-see" list. The only nightmare in the realization of their literal dream comedy is that the critics aren't laughing. Variety's called it "a well-meaning personal project that never rises above the level of amiable mediocrity," and The San Francisco Chronicle wasn't any kinder. "There's only one genuinely funny scene in 'Tammy,' and of course it's the first." Rather than a production team, the Chronicle continues, "Tammy" needed "an intervention." IndieWire thought the marketing campaign's emphasis on just one scene -- you know the one, where she's robbing a fast-food restaurant of its pie -- was because if "anyone understood what the actual movie consisted of, they'd probably stay away in droves. ... 'Tammy' is a boring, unfunny road movie that limps along idly, consisting of a string of nonsensical set pieces and halfhearted stabs at character development that come across as off-putting and odd. As soon as our screening ended, a woman behind us sighed and said, 'That was uncomfortable.' We couldn't agree more." The Hollywood Reporter doesn't expect "Tammy" to have a long ride through the summer, suspecting that McCarthy's fans will show up initially before the title fizzles out. "The film progresses from merely unfunny to unconvincing to dull," THR reviews. "It's a waste of a good cast as well as a serious trip wire for McCarthy, who may know what's best for her talents but, on the evidence, needs a deft-handed outsider to make sure she's maximizing them." No wonder Entertainment Weekly sympathetically acknowledges that "it's hard out here for a Tammy." The movie's script is "lumpy" and the supporting actors "never quite get to tap into what they can do," EW observes, but at the very least, "even when the material falls short, (McCarthy's) never not worth watching." See more comedy content at CNN Comedy. CNN's Topher Gauk-Roger contributed to this report.
highlights: Melissa McCarthy and Ben Falcone's "Tammy" was born from a dream . The couple co-wrote and co-produced the comedy . Critics haven't found it funny; one found it "unconvincing to dull"
id: fe36f28f17aa9ebb8eae16a386a2104065583ae5
chatgpt: Melissa McCarthy and Ben Falcone's latest comedy film, "Tammy," has not been receiving the positive reception they had hoped for. Even with the big names attached to the film, critics have panned the movie as "unconvincing" and "dull." Despite the unfavorable reviews, the creative origins of "Tammy" are worth noting. The film was actually born from a dream that McCarthy had. The actress shared the dream with her husband and creative partner, Falcone, and the two began developing the story. Together, McCarthy and Falcone co-wrote and co-produced "Tammy," which follows the misadventures of a woman named Tammy who, after losing her job and husband, embarks on a road trip with her hard-drinking grandmother (played by Susan Sarandon). The film was seen as a comedic vehicle for McCarthy, who has proven to have great success in the genre in the past. However, critics have found the film to be lackluster, with many citing formulaic humor and a lack of depth in the story. One critic for Variety called "Tammy" "unconvincing and simplistic," with performances that felt "boxed in by the filmmakers' preconception of what's funny about poor white trash." Another critic for The Hollywood Reporter found the film "dull" and noted that McCarthy seemed to be "playing a lesser version of her familiar screen persona." Despite this criticism, McCarthy and Falcone have still been promoting the film and defending their creative choices. In an interview with USA Today, Falcone said, "We're not making a documentary, we're not making a social commentary...we wanted to make a funny movie." McCarthy echoed this sentiment, saying, "We're trying to make you laugh...We're trying to tell you a goofy story that has a little bit of heart and let you forget about your day for a little while." It's clear that McCarthy and Falcone had good intentions with "Tammy," and it's always admirable when artists take risks and follow their creative instincts. However, in this particular case, it seems that the end result just didn't quite hit the mark. Despite the criticism, McCarthy and Falcone are still a formidable duo in the film industry, and it is likely that they will continue to collaborate and create in the future. Perhaps their next project will be better received by audiences and critics alike. In the meantime, moviegoers who are still interested in checking out "Tammy" will have to decide for themselves if the film is worth the price of admission.