article: By . Emily Davies . PUBLISHED: . 16:12 EST, 11 March 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 16:45 EST, 11 March 2013 . A rare albino hedgehog called Extra which was given away by its owner has found a soul mate at his new animal rescue centre. Extra, a rare African Pygmy hedgehog, was no longer wanted but luckily he was taken in by Mistley Place Park animal rescue centre in Essex. But with his pure white spikes and bright red eyes, it was unclear what the centre’s resident black and white African Pygmy, called Elsie, would make of the new arrival. Extra, the rare albino African Pygmy hedgehog, has befriended Elsie, the black and white African Pygmy . Extra, who weighs less than 500oz, was given away to the rescue centre by owners who no longer wanted him . But thankfully the two have proved that opposites do attract and they have now become best friends. Park owner Maureen Taylor said: 'Extra and Elsie really are sweet - they love to burrow together and they change their house around all the time to get themselves comfortable. 'They’re very active and very sweet.' Extra and Elsie have been given special permission to live in Mrs Taylor’s home as they have to be kept in warm conditions. Mrs Taylor added: 'These hedgehogs ave to be kept in warm temperatures so they live with us in our house. Elsie and Extra will join owls, a skunk, snakes, a leopard ghekko and other exotic creatures for a special public viewing at Easter . 'You have to have heating on all the time for African Pygmys. You can’t just turn it off when you go to bed because they will die. 'People buy these pets on impulse, but five minutes later they don’t want them - they don’t realise the amount of care that is needed. 'African pygmys are small and don’t hibernate because Africa is warm and they don’t have the body fat to survive.' Elsie and Extra will join owls, a skunk, snakes, a leopard ghekko and other exotic creatures for a special public viewing on Easter Sunday and Monday. The tourist attraction found it could only showcase wild and exotic animals not native to the UK seven days of the year, after officials at Tendring District Council realised the centre did not have a zoo licence.
highlights: Extra's owners no longer wanted him so he was taken in by animal rescue . He has paired up with fellow hedgehog Elsie and will be on public display .
id: 0908198b9d33b36f368fb245ce5a6af46dbbee73
chatgpt: Extra, a hedgehog who was abandoned by his previous owners, has found a new home at an animal rescue center in the city. The center took him in and paired him up withElise, another hedgehog, and the two have become fast friends. Extra had previously been living with his owners for over a year before they suddenly decided they didn't want him anymore. Fortunately, the animal rescue center, which specializes in providing care for abandoned and injured animals, was willing to take him in and provide him with a new home. Once he arrived at the center, Extra quickly settled in and appeared to be in good health. After a brief health checkup, the staff introduced him to Elsie, another hedgehog who had been brought to the center a few weeks prior. The two quickly hit it off and have been inseparable ever since. The animal rescue center is planning to feature the two hedgehogs on public display in the coming weeks. Visitors will have the opportunity to learn more about these fascinating creatures and see them up close. According to the staff at the center, hedgehogs like Extra and Elsie make great pets for people who are looking for a unique and interesting companion. However, they require a lot of care and attention to ensure they stay healthy and happy. They encourage anyone interested in adopting a hedgehog to do their research and make sure they are up to the task before bringing one into their home. In addition to providing care for abandoned animals, the center also works to raise awareness about the importance of animal welfare and conservation. They believe that every animal deserves a chance at a happy and healthy life and are dedicated to making that a reality. As for Extra and Elsie, they are enjoying their new life at the center and appear to be thriving. They are looking forward to meeting their new fans and inspiring others to care for animals in need.