article: A new Yorkshire challenger is emerging in the Daily Mail Schools Trophy this season following the success last year of Bradford-based Woodhouse Grove. While the champions have slipped up once in three games, Grammar School at Leeds (GSAL) are the early unbeaten leaders this time around. Four tries from centre Tom Gorman was the highlight of the Leeds team's latest success over Durham, 46-10, in the merit-table based competition organised by schoolsrugby.co.uk. This demolition followed on from wins over St Peter's (York), 59-7 and Ampleforth 66-7. Clifton prop Haydn Thomas scores after a determined forward drive against King's School Taunton . Gorman is part of a squad who have been playing together throughout their secondary school years. Their biggest success so far was winning the national under-15s cup three years ago, against St Joseph's, which included a hat-trick from the centre. John Mackenzie, director of rugby ay GSAL, rated the win over Durham to be the best this season. 'The conditions were pretty poor so we had to adapt and play a little bit tighter than we had in the previous games. It was a very pleasing performance,' he said. Gorman was backed up by two tries from wing Chris Bridge while the forward effort was led by lock Harry Francis and captain Sam Ward at hooker. Clifton's Tom Beck in try-scoring action against Bryanston - the No 8 scored three tries in a 28-20 win . Grove, who had their unbeaten record in the competition taken by St Peter's, regained form by beating QEGS Wakefield, 20-0. Epsom College, also unbeaten in three games, are leading the southern challenge. They are maintaining the good form which brought an outstanding 2013-14 season. A win over Cranleigh, 28-7, featured two tries from flanker George Mount. Another outstanding individual effort came from Clifton College's versatile Tom Beck. The No 8 or centre, who captains the Bristol academy, scored three tries in a 28-20 win over Bryanston. Bradford-based Woodhouse Grove are the reigning champions but have lost one of their first three games . Clifton, who had also beaten Pate's GS and King's College Taunton, spoiled the good start by losing on Tuesday evening to Kingswood School of Bath, 30-10. Besides counting for Trophy points, the match was played in memory of Ryan Bresnahan, the Clifton pupil, who died from meningitis in March 2010.
highlights: Grammar School at Leeds (GSAL) are the early unbeaten leaders . Tom Gorman scored four tries in Saturday's 46-10 win against Durham . Last year's winners,  Woodhouse Grove have lost one of their three games . Clifton College have won three of their four games and look strong .
id: b43da1f2bd20bd0de1510914e2248bf42274ecbd
chatgpt: Grammar School at Leeds (GSAL) are the early unbeaten leaders in the Independent Schools Rugby Cup after a stunning 46-10 win against Durham last Saturday. The win has left them top of their group with three wins from three. It was a comprehensive victory for GSAL, who put in a dominant performance from start to finish. Tom Gorman was the standout performer on the day, scoring four tries to help his team to victory. GSAL's attacking play was too much for Durham to handle, with their defence unable to cope with their pace and power. Last year's winners, Woodhouse Grove, haven't had the best start to their campaign. They have lost one of their three games so far, and will need to improve if they are to retain their title. Despite this setback, they still have two games left to play in their group and will be hoping to bounce back with a win in their next game. One team who are looking strong this year is Clifton College. They have won three of their four games so far and are currently sitting second in their group. They have been playing some excellent rugby and will be a force to be reckoned with in the later stages of the competition. There are still plenty of games left to play before the knockout stages begin, and anything could happen. However, it is clear that GSAL are a team to watch this year. Their early form has been impressive and they will be looking to continue their winning streak when they take on their next opponents. The Independent Schools Rugby Cup is always a highly competitive and exciting tournament, and this year is no exception. With so many talented teams in the mix, it is anyone's guess who will come out on top. All eyes will be on the next round of fixtures, as the teams battle it out for a place in the knockout stages.