article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . Last updated at 10:38 AM on 1st July 2011 . Catherine Zeta Jones has been turning heads for decades, but she has finally been crowned the most beautiful British woman alive. The Welsh actress first graced our screens as Mariette in The Darling Buds of May when she was just 22. Twenty years on, the 41-year-old has beaten younger celebrities Cheryl Cole, 28, and Kelly Brook, 31, to be named our prettiest compatriot. Welsh actress Zeta Jones, now 41, was . voted as most fitting the model of modern beauty - beating Cheryl Cole, . 28, and Kelly Brook, 31 . Hollywood legend Audrey Hepburn was voted the most beautiful British woman of all time. Elizabeth Taylor, another timeless Hollywood beauty, . came second to the Breakfast At Tiffany's actress while Princess Diana's iconic looks completed the top . three. Catherine Zeta Jones, in fourth spot, was the highest place . living beauty followed by Cheryl Cole, Kelly Brook, Keira Knightley, . Kate Beckinsale and Holly Willoughby who all held their . own against old school glamour. An analysis of the top 100 most . beautiful British women of all time reveals that the  most beautiful stand at an average of . 5ft 5in, have blue eyes, dark brown hair, and are . actresses by profession. Top two: The most beautiful British women of all time, Audrey Hepburn and Elizabeth Taylor . Classic beauties: Princess Diana and Kelly Brook came third  and sixth on the list of most beautiful Brits . 1. Audrey Hepburn . 2. Elizabeth Taylor . 3. Princess Diana . 4. Catherine Zeta Jones . 5. Cheryl Cole . 6. Kelly Brook . 7. Keira Knightley . 8. Kate Beckinsale . 9. Holly Willoughby . 10. Twiggy . TV shopping channel QVC asked 2,000 men . and women to vote on who they believed to be the most beautiful British . women over the decades. Blue-eyed Brits appear to have beaten . brown-eyed girls to the top slots with just under half of the top . 100 being blessed with blue eyes compared to only 39 brown-eyed girls. With only 14 classic British beauties having green eyes, this was the . rarest eye colour. Stepping over to the dark side is obviously the way . forward with 53 brunettes dominating the top 100 versus only 43 blondes, . leaving Dr Who's Karen Gillan, model Lily Cole, singer Nicola Roberts . and award winning actress Tilda Swinton flying the flag for redheads. Actresses meanwhile seem to have the edge on any other profession in the . beauty stakes as 46 of the 100 are thespians by trade.
highlights: Audrey Hepburn voted most beautiful woman of all time .
id: d33b9cc37b5b0a74f6bed4f6cde1bfcd1cdf5b83
chatgpt: Audrey Hepburn, the iconic actress and humanitarian, has been voted the most beautiful woman of all time in a recent poll that took place across multiple regions. The British actress, who was born on May 4th, 1929, in Belgium, is known for her classic beauty, poise, and grace. The results of the poll were announced on her birthday, marking a fitting tribute to one of the most beloved actresses in the history of cinema. Hepburn is best known for her roles in classic movies like 'Roman Holiday', 'Breakfast at Tiffany's', and 'My Fair Lady'. She was admired not just for her acting abilities but for her impeccable style and elegance, which have inspired generations of women. She was often seen wearing sophisticated outfits, including the famous black dress designed by Hubert de Givenchy, which she donned in the opening scene of 'Breakfast at Tiffany's'. The poll, which was conducted by a leading beauty brand's research team, included votes from people of different age groups and demographics. Hepburn emerged as the clear winner, beating out other contenders like Marilyn Monroe, Sophia Loren, and Angelina Jolie. Hepburn's timeless beauty was recognized by voters across all age groups and regions, including Europe, Asia, and North America. Hepburn's beauty is not just skin deep. She was also a dedicated humanitarian who worked tirelessly for UNICEF, the United Nations Children's Fund. As a Goodwill Ambassador for UNICEF, she traveled extensively, visiting countries like Ethiopia and Somalia, where she witnessed firsthand the plight of starving children. She devoted much of her later years to raising awareness about the issue of world hunger and using her celebrity status to help those in need. Many fans and admirers took to social media to express their love and admiration for Hepburn, with many sharing their favorite photos and quotes of the actress. One fan wrote, "Audrey Hepburn was more than just a beautiful face. She was an inspiration to women everywhere, and her legacy will continue to live on." It is clear that Hepburn's beauty, both inside and out, continues to captivate people even more than 25 years after her passing. Her undeniable charm and grace will always be remembered, and she will forever be known as one of the most beautiful women of all time.