article: (CNN) -- When I started the Fit Nation program, I was a big guy. Seven months later, I'm still a big guy. I've run endless miles, biked endless hills, swum endless laps. Is there less of me? Yes. Am I fitter? Yes. Am I healthier? Absolutely. But am I finished? NO WAY! There has been quite a debate raging in recent years about whether you can be "fat and fit." There's no easy answer to that question. Perhaps the answer changes from person to person as our goals change. Over the years, everyone in the Fit Nation family has achieved great success, but in many cases, the pounds don't always dramatically disappear. We've all gained strength and improved our cardiovascular health, but I never thought of this as a weight-loss program. At least for me, the real changes have been in my body composition (more muscle and less fat), my overall endurance and my mental toughness. I've learned that being healthy is ultimately about being honest with myself. It's about being honest about what I can accomplish and what I can expect to accomplish in the short- and long-term. I think I would be doing myself and my health a disservice if I accepted the premise that I could be fat and fit, or at least as fit as I want to and can be. While I'm healthier now that I was at the beginning of the year, I still have improvements to make and fitness to gain. I hope to continue making gains for the rest of my life. Good health: The best birthday present . We all joined this program for different reasons, but the one thing that united us is that we wanted to take steps toward better health through a more active lifestyle, for ourselves and for the people we love. The one thing that Fit Nation has taught me is that I now know where I want to go, and I feel like I'm better prepared mentally and physically to get there. Getting what you want doesn't always come easily. I am about to achieve my short-term goal of finishing the Nautica Malibu Triathlon. I didn't expect to cross the finish line as an elite racer, but I did expect to become healthier person. Mission accomplished. Setting goals is really pretty simple, when you think about it. A goal is something for which you're willing to work. And you get what you want by planning and putting that plan into action. I have more goals to set and more success to achieve. Training for a tri: What I wish I'd known . The only true measure of my accomplishments is to compare myself to how far I've come and to see how much farther I have to go. Most importantly, I've come to understand that fitness is a journey and not a destination. And I'm just getting started. Follow Stacy on Twitter @TriHardStacy .
highlights: Stacy Mantooth has seen improvements in his endurance and mental toughness . He also has a better body composition but says he still has work to do . Mantooth has more goals to accomplish after crossing the Malibu Triathlon finish line .
id: d6dab60ef4b18d538ba9ccd82201455a0968a5df
chatgpt: Stacy Mantooth, an athlete from Los Angeles, recently achieved a personal milestone by completing the challenging Malibu Triathlon. The triathlon consisting of swimming, cycling and running is known to be a grueling test of one's mental and physical endurance. For Mantooth, the experience was just as much about self-improvement as it was about finishing the race. Mantooth, who has been training for the triathlon for months, said that the race helped him to better understand his capabilities as an athlete. He noted that he saw significant improvements in not just his endurance but also in his mental toughness. "Completing the Malibu Triathlon has pushed me to a new level of fitness and personal achievement," Mantooth shared. Notably, Mantooth also experienced a significant improvement in his body composition, which he attributes to his rigorous training and focus on healthy eating. But despite these positive developments, he remains focused on continuing to work on his fitness and achieving even more ambitious goals. "I'm proud of what I've accomplished so far, but there's always more work to do," Mantooth remarked. "I have other goals that I want to achieve, and I know that with hard work and dedication, I can get there." Speaking on his future ambitions, Mantooth revealed that he has his sights set on completing an Ironman triathlon in the near future. Considered one of the most challenging endurance events in the world, the Ironman involves a 2.4-mile swim, a 112-mile bike ride, and a 26.2-mile run, all to be completed in under 17 hours. Mantooth is excited about the prospect of taking on this next challenge, and he is confident that the lessons he learned while preparing for the Malibu Triathlon will serve him well. "The Ironman is a daunting task, to be sure, but I believe that with the right mindset and discipline, I can accomplish it," he said. Many athletes and fitness enthusiasts alike will undoubtedly be inspired by Mantooth's story and his determination to keep pushing himself to new heights. As he continues to train, he remains focused on his long-term goals, but he also appreciates the ongoing benefits that come from living an active and healthy lifestyle. "Fitness has become a central part of my life, and I know that it will continue to play a role in everything that I do," Mantooth said. "I am grateful for the progress that I've made so far, and I look forward to what the future holds."