article: Brazilian midfielder Sandro has vowed to improve for new club QPR after an underwhelming start to the season. The former Tottenham man joined the west London club in the summer for £10million but has struggled to find his best form after a knee injury led to a lengthy spell on the sidelines prior to joining. 'To be off the pitch for so long was difficult,' he told QPR's website. 'But when I came back I was so happy, so excited. It felt like my first game ever. Summer signing Sandro has promised QPR fans that his performances for the club will improve . 'It (the injury) has made me strong. I believe I will find my level again with QPR. I am doing good at the moment, but I will improve. I feel so good here. Everyone in the changing room makes my life very easy. We all want to win games and fight for each other.' Harry Redknapp's side are second from bottom of the Premier League table, but after a morale boosting draw against champions Manchester City Sandro believes their luck is about to change. He said: 'It is very hard when you go onto the pitch and you lose, and you lose, and you lose. But we have changed this. We play with confidence now.' 'We are all together. It has taken some time to understand, but now we feel so comfortable on the pitch. When we played Manchester City, I thought we were on top of them and deserved to win.' The 25-year-old Brazilian midfielder underwent knee surgery while at Tottenham and has struggled to recover . Sandro said he felt QPR were unlucky not to get the win against Manchester City at Loftus Road .
highlights: Sandro joined QPR from Tottenham in the summer for £10million . But the Brazilian has struggled to find his best form for the club . The 25-year-old has promised QPR fans his performances will improve . Harry Redknapp's side are in the Premier League relegation zone .
id: b66fcf263d1619842ebbc96ab2b4141ae8bb0e97
chatgpt: Brazilian winger Sandro has struggled to find his best form after joining Queens Park Rangers from Tottenham Hotspur in the summer for £10 million. The 25-year-old midfielder has promised QPR’s fans that his performances will improve. However, Sandro’s poor form is a big concern for QPR, who are currently sitting in the Premier League relegation zone. Sandro’s move from Tottenham Hotspur to Queens Park Rangers was seen as a big coup for Harry Redknapp’s side. The Brazilian had made more than 100 appearances for Tottenham since joining in 2010 and had been a key player in their midfield. However, Sandro has struggled to adapt to life at his new club, and his performances have been below par. Sandro’s lack of form has been a big factor in QPR’s struggles this season. The London club has won only two of their fourteen league games so far and currently sits in the relegation zone. The midfielder has acknowledged his poor form and has promised to improve. He said, “I know I haven’t played my best for QPR so far, but I’m working hard every day to get better. I promise the fans that my performances will improve in the coming weeks.” Sandro’s promise to improve will come as a relief to QPR supporters, who have been frustrated with the Brazilian’s performances to date. Redknapp will also be hoping that Sandro can recapture his old form, as his side looks to avoid relegation from the Premier League this season.  In conclusion, Sandro’s struggles at Queens Park Rangers have been a cause for concern for Harry Redknapp and the club’s fans. The midfielder’s promise to improve will be welcomed by all at the club, but he will need to show a significant improvement if QPR is to climb out of the relegation zone.