article: Brendan Rodgers never took his eyes off Jordon Ibe. In Liverpool’s final training session ahead of the Merseyside derby, the manager was about to make a big call and wanted to gauge the reaction. ‘He only found out he was playing on Friday,’ said Rodgers. ‘I was looking at him when I announced it.’ Ibe never flinched. The forward, signed from Wycombe in December 2011, has continually impressed Rodgers but he wanted to see how the 19-year-old would fare in his biggest test. Brendan Rodgers had no hesitation to throw Jordon Ibe in his Liverpool starting line-up against Everton . Ibe (middle) was outstanding for Liverpool in the Merseyside derby against Everton . The Liverpool youngster robs Steven Naismith of the ball during the Premier League clash . He didn’t disappoint. If the 192nd collision in the league between these clubs was instantly forgettable at least Ibe, with his fearless running and boundless enthusiasm on his second Barclays Premier League start, left Rodgers purring about the future. Loan spells at Birmingham last season and Derby in the first half of this campaign gave the England Under 20 international a valuable education but Rodgers recalled Ibe at the start of January knowing he could contribute to Liverpool’s push for a top-four spot. John Stones and Phil Jagielka have played 90 minutes together 11 times this season. Everton are unbeaten in those games. Ibe might have settled this stalemate, as he hit the post from 25 yards. ‘Maybe I have too much belief in young players,’ said Rodgers. ‘But you never know until you throw them in. 'This is a springboard for Jordon; to come to Goodison and play like he did was outstanding. You cannot say young English players don’t have talent.’ Everton's Bryan Oviedo puts in a tackle on Ibe during the first half at Goodison Park . Ibe's heat map, as can be seen in Sportsmail's Match Zone feature . Roberto Martinez, meanwhile, has insisted Kevin Mirallas has not alienated himself from Everton’s squad after he missed a penalty against West Brom last month, grabbing the ball ahead of regular taker Leighton Baines. The Everton midfielder has said he will ‘consider his options’ at the end of the season. ‘I haven’t got an issue,’ said Martinez. ‘It seems like we want to pick on Mirallas because he missed a penalty against West Brom. Now because he says he wants to leave we are picking on him. 'I have never had a conversation with Kevin where he has told me he is not happy.’
highlights: Everton and Liverpool played out a 0-0 draw at Goodison Park on Saturday . In a dire affair Reds youngster Jordan Ibe gave an impressive showing . It was only his second-ever competitive start for the club . Brendan Rogers had no hesitation in starting the 19-year-old .
id: f8714641aaa7fb46d3e7407b8e3cb9d0f78897b8
chatgpt: The highly anticipated Merseyside derby between Everton and Liverpool ended in a goalless draw at Goodison Park on Saturday afternoon. Both teams had chances to secure all three points, but neither were able to break the deadlock. Liverpool's youngster, Jordan Ibe, stole the show with an impressive performance. It was only his second competitive start for the club, but he showed no fear as he drove at the Everton defence with pace and skill. His performance earned him high praise from his manager, Brendan Rogers. Rogers had no hesitation in starting the 19-year-old for such an important game, and Ibe repaid his manager's faith with a standout display. He linked up well with fellow attackers Philippe Coutinho and Raheem Sterling and caused problems for the Everton defence throughout the game. However, it was not all positive for Liverpool as they struggled to create clear-cut chances. Star striker Daniel Sturridge was ruled out of the game through injury, and his absence was felt as Liverpool lacked a cutting edge in the final third. Everton, on the other hand, were without their captain Phil Jagielka and also struggled to make an impact in the game. They had a couple of half-chances in the first half but failed to trouble Liverpool goalkeeper Simon Mignolet. The second half was a similarly dull affair, with both teams cancelling each other out. There were a few heated moments, with tempers flaring on both sides, but no goals were forthcoming. The draw means that Liverpool remain in 7th place in the Premier League table, while Everton remain in 12th. Both teams will be looking to improve on their performances in the coming weeks as they aim for a strong finish to the season. Despite the lack of goals, the game was not without its talking points. Jordan Ibe's impressive showing will have caught the eye of many Liverpool fans, and Brendan Rogers will be pleased with his young star's performance. The Merseyside derby is always a fiercely contested affair, and while this may not have been a classic, it was still an entertaining spectacle for fans of both teams. Both sides will be back in action next week, with Liverpool facing Tottenham and Everton taking on Stoke City.