article: By . Leesa Smith . A three-storey penthouse at the top of James Packer's proposed Crown Sydney hotel could be the first Australian property to shatter the $100 million barrier - the same figure forked out for the licence to operate the VIP-only casino. The billionaire’s company Crown has not yet lodged a development application for the 69-storey tower proposal at Barangaroo’s casino resort - and it has not been decided whether to apply for the residence to be privately sold or used as a luxury villa to etnice the international big spenders. However, CBRE chairman Justin Brown predicts the apartment might sell for up to nine figures compared to similar property around the world. A three-storey penthouse at the top of James Packer's proposed Crown Sydney hotel at the Barangaroo site (pictured) could be the first Australian property to shatter the $100million barrier . The billionaire's company Crown has not yet lodged a development application for the 69-storey tower proposal at Barangaroo's casino resort which pushes 270 metres despite the 170-metre height limit in the area . ‘The penthouse at One Hyde Park (in London’s Knightsbridge) sold for $255 million (£140 million) recently,’ Mr Brown told The Sydney Morning Herald. ‘Penthouse apartments are selling in New York and Hong Kong for $100 million’ Mr Brown said the calibre of such a property would ‘seriously position itself globally’. The proposed resort pushes 270 metres despite the 170-metre height limit previously set to develop a hotel in the area. The site’s developer Lend Lease is in discussions with the state government about relocating the hotel on to Barangaroo South following community outrage about the original plan. Crown paid a $100 million licence fee to the NSW government this month to run the casino for 99 years from November 2019. As part of the agreement the company has promised the state government will receive a guaranteed minimum $1 billion in gambling taxes and fees over the first 15 years of the casino's operation. James Packer's company Crown paid a $100million licence fee to the NSW government this month to run the casino for 99 years from November 2019 .
highlights: A three-storey penthouse at propsoed Crown Sydney hotel could be the first Australian property to break $100 million price bracket . Company paid same figure for the licence to operate the VIP-only casino . Crown has not yet lodged a development application for the 69-storey tower proposal at Barangaroo’s casino resort . It has not been decided whether to apply for the residence to be privately sold or used as a luxury villa to entice the international big spenders .
id: ed230561fb67f7ed0a4ede5f2827b39fdc23f6a7
chatgpt: The Australian property market is buzzing with excitement as the proposed Crown Sydney hotel may be on track to break the $100 million price bracket. The penthouse located in the 69-storey tower at Barangaroo’s casino resort could become the first Australian property to reach such a staggering price point. Interestingly, the price that Crown paid for the licence to operate the VIP-only casino is also $100 million. It seems as though the company may be looking to recoup their investment by offering a unique and lavish accommodation option to big spenders. While the development application for the tower proposal has not yet been lodged, the potential for this property has already caught the attention of both local and international investors. The question still remains whether the penthouse will be privately sold or used as a luxury villa to lure in high-end clientele. If the penthouse does indeed reach the $100 million mark, it will set a new standard for the Australian property market. This may spark a shift towards luxury real estate as the desire for unique and extravagant accommodations continues to grow. It is interesting to note that this landmark offering comes in a year where the Australian property market has been fairly lacklustre. The penthouse at Crown Sydney may just be the catalyst needed to inject new life into the market. The luxury penthouse will span across three storeys and boast a prime location in the heart of Sydney. It is said to offer panoramic views of the city and harbour, as well as top-of-the-line amenities and finishes. The impact of such a sale on the Australian property landscape would undoubtedly be significant. It will be interesting to see the reaction of investors and the public alike, as the potential for this type of investment opportunity would be a game-changer in the local property market. As Crown has not yet lodged the development application for the tower, it remains to be seen whether this property will truly break the $100 million price bracket. However, one thing is for sure – the potential for the penthouse at Crown Sydney to become Australia’s most expensive property is an exciting prospect that has captured the imagination of both investors and local residents alike.