article: ISLAMABAD, Pakistan (CNN) -- Barack Obama's election as president of the United States won't see a change in American relations with the Taliban, a senior Taliban leader in Pakistan says. A Taliban leader says Barack Obama's election will bring little change. "For us, the change of America's president -- we don't have any good faith in him," said Muslim Khan, a grizzled Taliban spokesman who is one of the most wanted men in Pakistan, in a rare interview with CNN. "If he does anything good, it will be for himself." With an assault rifle on his lap, Khan answered 10 written questions, sharing his view on a range of topics from slavery to Obama's middle name -- Hussein. He spoke in the remote Swat Valley of northwestern Pakistan, the site of frequent and fierce clashes between Pakistani troops and Taliban and al Qaeda militants. There was no opportunity for follow-up questions. Khan said Obama's election may change conditions for black Americans. "The black one knows how much the black people are discriminated against in America and Europe and other countries," he said. "For America's black people, it could be that there will be a change. That era is coming." He said he doubted Obama's victory would lead to changes in relations between the United States and the Taliban.  Watch the Taliban spokesman on Barack Obama » . U.S. forces dislodged the Taliban rulers of Afghanistan shortly after the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks on New York and Washington. America and its allies have battled the Taliban and al Qaeda in Afghanistan ever since, with fighting spreading across the border into Pakistan. "American should take its army out of the country," Khan said. "They are considered terrorists." Obama has minced no words in describing how he would administer U.S. policy toward the Islamic extremists in Afghanistan and Pakistan. When he accepted the Democratic presidential nomination in August, Obama pledged to "finish the fight against al Qaeda and the Taliban." And the president-elect included a blunt warning in remarks on the evening of his election victory: "To those who would tear the world down," he said, "we will defeat you." Khan noted that Obama's middle name was fairly common in the Muslim world, referring to him at times as "Hussein Barack Obama." "If he behaves in the way of a real Hussein, then he has become our brother," he said. "If Barack Obama pursues the same policies as Bush and behaves like Bush ... then he cannot be Hussein. He can only be Obama."
highlights: Taliban leader: We have no faith in Barack Obama . Taliban not expecting change in relationship with U.S. Obama has committed himself to defeating the Taliban and al Qaeda .
id: ed06f087a9d8068ca2e30d8feff0053c64b06a36
chatgpt: In a recent interview, a Taliban leader stated that they have no faith in President Barack Obama and do not expect any change in their relationship with the United States. The militant group, which has been battling the U.S. and Afghan forces for over a decade, remains defiant despite the recent peace talks in Doha, Qatar. The Taliban leader, who spoke on the condition of anonymity, stated that they do not see any sincerity in the U.S. efforts to negotiate a peace deal. He pointed out that President Obama has committed himself to defeating the Taliban and their allies, including al Qaeda. The militant group believes that the U.S. and its allies have no intention of leaving Afghanistan anytime soon and will continue their military operations against the Taliban. The Taliban leader's statement is in line with the group's recent actions in Afghanistan. Despite the ongoing peace talks, the Taliban has intensified its attacks on Afghan and U.S. forces, making it clear that they are not willing to compromise on their demands. The group has demanded the complete withdrawal of U.S. and NATO forces from Afghanistan, the release of their prisoners, and the establishment of an Islamic government in the country. President Obama has repeatedly stated that he is committed to defeating the Taliban and al Qaeda and ensuring that Afghanistan does not become a safe haven for terrorists. He has also expressed his willingness to negotiate with the Taliban if they are willing to renounce violence, sever ties with al Qaeda, and accept the Afghan constitution. The U.S. has been engaged in peace talks with the Taliban since late 2018, with the aim of ending the long-running conflict in Afghanistan. The talks, which have been facilitated by Qatar, have been described as productive by both sides, but there has been no breakthrough yet. The U.S. negotiators have been pushing for a reduction in violence by the Taliban and a possible ceasefire as a confidence-building measure. The Taliban, on the other hand, have demanded the release of their prisoners and an agreement on a timeline for the withdrawal of U.S. and NATO forces. They have also rejected the idea of a ceasefire, stating that it would be seen as a surrender by their fighters on the ground. The recent statement by the Taliban leader underscores the difficulties faced by both sides in the peace negotiations. While the U.S. is committed to achieving a lasting peace in Afghanistan, the Taliban remains determined to continue their fight until their demands are met. It remains to be seen if the peace talks will yield any positive results in the coming months or whether the two sides will continue to engage in a bloody conflict that has already claimed countless lives.