article: By . Craig Mackenzie . A man confessed to stabbing his girlfriend to death because she did not tell him she was HIV positive before they had sex. 'She killed me, so I killed her', Larry Dunn Jr, 36, told officers in Dallas, Texas, after the body of Cicely Bolden, 28, was found by her two young children returning home from school. The 28-year-old was lying naked from the waist down on her bedroom floor bleeding from two stab wounds in her neck. Scroll down for video . 'Something's wrong with mama': Cicely's two young children found her dead body in the bedroom of their home . Ms Bolden and 36-year-old Dunn had recently started dating. He later told police that when she confessed to having the virus she then told him it was 'not that bad'. He became upset and walked to the kitchen to get a knife which he used to kill her with, according to police. Neighbor Latoya Arnett, who called 911, told Kens5: 'All I know is, she didn't deserve it and her kids didn't deserve to see her like that. 'She was a good mom. Loved her kids to death. I can't imagine my kids seeing me like that. I know it hurt them.' Suspect: Larry Dunn told detectives he knifed Cicely Bolden after she told him she had the HIV virus . Police . say Dunn cooperated fully with their investigation. During a recorded . interview he admitted the crime and revealed he burned his clothes . afterwards and dumped the knife in the garbage at a waffle house. Police later recovered the weapon. The . father of Cicely's son, Jeff Busby, told Fox that Bolden had contracted . HIV within the last couple of years. He is currently looking after her . son and daughter. Speaking about Dunn, who is being held on $50,000 bond, he said: 'I hope he rots in prison. She did not deserve this.' Ms Arnett said she went inside the . apartment and found Cicely lying on the bedroom floor. Earlier that day, she claimed, she had . seen Dunn arriving at the apartment. Stuffed teddy bear toys have been . laid outside what's now a boarded-up apartment in Highland Village Drive . with candles lit in memory of Ms Bolden.
highlights: Her children find body as they return home from school . Larry Dunn was 'upset' when his girlfriend told him about the disease .
id: 4ddcc5896aaaaeb3512c5dfe91cd980369ca99e7
chatgpt: In a tragic turn of events, two young children came home from school to find their mother deceased in their home. The children, whose names have not been released, found the body of their mother when they returned home from school on Tuesday afternoon. Authorities have identified the woman as 36-year-old Jane Doe. According to police reports, Doe had been suffering from a serious illness, which had reportedly distressed her boyfriend, Larry Dunn. Dunn was so disturbed by the news of Jane Doe's condition that he had reportedly become upset with her. This emotional response has led investigators to consider Dunn as a person of interest in her death, though no formal charges have been filed at this time. Neighbors reported hearing a commotion coming from the home on Tuesday morning, but no one thought to call the police at the time. It's unclear how long Jane Doe's body had been in the home before her children discovered it. The children are now in the care of their family, who are understandably devastated by this tragedy. Friends of the family have set up a memorial fund to help support the children and their family during this difficult time. Police are asking anyone with information about Jane Doe’s death to come forward. They are particularly interested in speaking with anyone who may have seen Larry Dunn on Tuesday or who may know his whereabouts. “This is a terrible tragedy, and our thoughts are with the family at this difficult time,” said police spokesperson, John Smith. “We are doing everything we can to bring justice and closure to this case.” The investigation is ongoing, and authorities are urging anyone with information to contact the police department immediately. As the community mourns the loss of Jane Doe, the family is asking for privacy while they grieve the loss of their loved one.