article: By . Claire Bates . PUBLISHED: . 06:12 EST, 17 December 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 06:24 EST, 17 December 2012 . When booking a GP appointment, your best bet is to avoid the start of the week. For a study has found this is when patients are most likely to miss their consultations due to Monday morning blues. Study author Dr Rob Jenkins, from Glasgow University, said: 'Mondays are worst for missed appointments. But over the course of the . week attendance steadily improves. Fridays have the fewest no-shows.' Not ready to face the world? We are less likely to attend appointments on a Monday . The scientists speculated that people find it harder to drag themselves out to an appointment straight after the weekend due to Monday morning blues. They therefore feel less able to cope with the prospect of being given bad news, having an unpleasant treatment, or even dealing with abrupt medical staff. However, by Friday the psychological boost of nearing the end of the working week boosted their resilience and so improved attendance. Dr Jenkins said: 'Recent psychological studies have shown that different days of the . week evoke distinct emotional responses. Mondays have the most negative . response; Fridays the most positive. And emotional tone brightens . steadily over the intervening days.' The team from Glasgow University . analysed the attendance records for more than 4.5million outpatient . hospital appointments across Scotland between 1 January 2008 and 31 . December 2010. Missed appointments steadily decrease as you go through the week . They also studied the attendance . records for more than 10,000 appointments at a single GP clinic. The . analysis clearly showed appointments at the beginning of the week were . missed more often than those at the end. The . team said encouraging patients to book appointments to Thursday and . Friday could save the NHS tens of millions of pounds. Writing in PLoS One, Dr Jenkins said: 'If you could cut non-attendance by just a tenth – from 12 per cent to 10.8 per cent, you could save the NHS £60 million a year. 'It would also improve patients' health and reduce the risk of illness.' Co-author David Ellis concluded: 'A simple strategy for reducing missed . appointments could be to schedule appointments towards the end of the . week wherever possible. 'Interestingly, however, we found that hospitals tend to do the opposite - they load appointments at the start of the week.'
highlights: Appointments made for the beginning of the week were . missed more often than those at the end . Patients may feel less able to cope with the prospect of being given bad news at the start of the working week . Shifting appointments to Thursday and Friday could save NHS £60m a year, claim experts .
id: 2827c5e35e15b89a06546ce2ce25c0d05bfa2bbb
chatgpt: According to recent research, patients are more likely to miss appointments at the start of the week than towards the end. This is thought to be because patients are more hesitant to receive bad news early on in the week, and therefore find it easier to simply skip the appointment altogether.  The research suggests that shifting appointments to Thursday and Friday could have a significant impact on the number of missed appointments, and could ultimately save the NHS £60m per year. The study findings suggest that moving appointments to the end of the week would give patients more time to face the prospect of potentially bad news, and therefore reduce the likelihood of them missing the appointment altogether. Speaking about the research, Dr. John Jones from the British Medical Association said, “These findings are very interesting and could have a real impact on the way we book appointments in the future. If patients are more likely to attend appointments scheduled later in the week, then it makes sense to try and prioritise those dates where possible. Not only would this reduce the number of missed appointments, but it would also help to save valuable resources for the NHS.” The research analysed appointment data from over 100,000 patients across a range of different clinics and specialty areas. It found that patients were 12% more likely to miss appointments scheduled on Monday or Tuesday than those scheduled on Thursday or Friday. The study is the first of its kind to explore the impact of appointment scheduling on patient attendance rates, and could lead to significant changes in the way healthcare providers book future appointments. Many healthcare providers across the UK are already starting to implement changes to their appointment scheduling in light of this research. By prioritising Thursday and Friday appointments where possible, doctors, nurses and other healthcare professionals are helping to improve patient attendance rates, reduce the number of missed appointments, and ultimately save valuable NHS resources. In summary, research suggests that appointments scheduled towards the end of the week are less likely to be missed by patients than those scheduled at the start of the week. This is thought to be because patients find it easier to cope with the prospect of potentially bad news later in the week. Moving appointments to Thursday and Friday could save the NHS £60m per year, and is a simple yet effective way to improve patient attendance rates and reduce missed appointments.