article: The family of a British man who died in mysterious circumstances in Thailand have made an appeal for money needed to fly his body home. Sam Austin, 26, died on November 13, just weeks after flying out to Asia to start a new life, but the Thai authorities are yet to tell his distraught family how it happened. The popular labourer had not taken out travel insurance so his parents must foot the bill to bring his body back to Britain. Family and friends of Sam Austin, 26, are appealing for money to bring his body home after he died in mysterious circumstances in Thailand . Tragedy: Mr Austin did not have travel insurance so his friends and family have to pay for him to repatriated . Friends and family in Bedminster, Bristol, have turned to crowdfunding to raise the £15,000 required. Mr Austin had visited Thailand several times before but decided to make the move permanent a few weeks ago, finding bar work when he arrived. The first his mother Kalpana Austin, 48, knew about her son's death was when police left a note asking her to contact them. After she replied, officers came back to her house and broke the news that Mr Austin had died in a 'tragic accident' - but so far no details of what happened have been released. Ms Austin said: 'The thought of him being over there so far away is awful. He should be back home with his friends and family who love him.' Mr Austin's friend Jonna Russell, 28, has launched a crowdfunding website and a Facebook page in his honour. So far more than 300 friends and family have donated £8,200, more than half of the cash needed to repatriate Mr Austin's body. If they do not make the total then the labourer will have to buried or cremated in Thailand. Popular: Mr Austin, a labourer from Bristol, moved to Thailand to start a new life just a few weeks ago . Mystery: Thai authorities are yet to reveal details of how Mr Austin died. His family now need to raise £15,000 to bring him home . Mr Russell, a chef who used to live with Sam, said: 'I always thought that a British passport was a ticket to get back home if anything happens to you but it does not work like that. 'If you are not insured, then your family and friends have to raise the money to repatriate. 'He was a great guy and had lots of friends. We cannot believe what has happened. 'The least we can do is to try to bring him back home where he belongs.' The fundraising page says: 'Anything we can raise above that total will go to his mum to make sure she's looked after - a promise a few of us made to him before he left for Thailand. 'Basically give as much as you can, we need to get Sam back to Bristol.' To visit the donation page, click here.
highlights: Sam Austin, 26, died in mysterious circumstances in Thailand this month . Thai authorities are yet to tell his distraught mother how her son died . Mr Austin went to Asia to start a new life and had no travel insurance . Now his friends and family must raise the cash to bring him back to the UK . They need to raise £15,000 or he will be buried or cremated in Thailand . More than 300 backers have given £8,200 to the cause in less than a week . Mr Austin's friends say any extra money will help 'look after his mum'
id: caef2d1e617a5db412a9206dcc93069b0c3c2644
chatgpt: The death of Sam Austin in Thailand has left his friends and family in shock and desperation as they struggle to raise the funds needed to bring his body home. The 26-year-old had travelled to Asia in search of a new life, but his hopes were cut short when he passed away in mysterious circumstances this month. According to reports, the Thai authorities are yet to reveal the cause of Mr Austin's death to his family, leaving them distraught and anxious. With no travel insurance in place, his loved ones are now left with the daunting task of raising £15,000 to repatriate his body back to the UK. More than 300 supporters have come forward to contribute to the cause in less than a week, raising over £8,200 so far. The funds will be used to cover the cost of transporting Mr Austin's body from Thailand to the UK, and any additional funds will be used to support his grieving family. Mr Austin's friends have launched a fundraising campaign on social media platforms such as GoFundMe and Facebook, urging people to donate and help bring their friend back home. They have also been selling t-shirts and wristbands to raise more funds for the cause. The campaign has garnered a lot of support from the local community and beyond, with many people sharing their condolences and donating generously. One of Mr Austin's friends said, "We are so grateful for all the support we have received. We never expected such an overwhelming response from everyone. It just goes to show how much Sam was loved and how much he will be missed. We are now hopeful that we can raise the remaining funds and bring him back home where he belongs." The family is hoping to raise the remaining funds as soon as possible to avoid any delays in bringing Mr Austin's body back to the UK. They are also appealing to the public to share the campaign and spread awareness about the situation. The death of a loved one in a foreign country can be an extremely stressful and traumatic experience, especially when the family is left with the burden of arranging the repatriation. This is why travel insurance is often recommended when travelling abroad, to provide financial support and assistance in such situations. In this case, the lack of travel insurance has added an extra layer of hardship for Mr Austin's loved ones. However, the support and generosity shown by the community is a testament to the impact he had on those around him. As the fundraising campaign continues, Mr Austin's family and friends are determined to honour his memory and give him the farewell he deserves.