article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 08:09 EST, 19 September 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 15:09 EST, 19 September 2013 . A huge blaze erupted at a chemical plant in Oklahoma following two explosions at the site on Wednesday night. The Danlin plant in Thomas was surrounded by fireman as they fought to bring the fire under control with flames shooting 80 feet up in the air. No one had been working at the site at the time of the explosions close to 11pm (ET) but a dozen people living nearby were evacuated. Scroll down for video . All ablaze: A huge explosion erupted on Wednesday night at the Oklahoma chemical plant . Ferocious: No one was injured in the blaze in Thomas which took place around 11pm (ET) Officials say they do not yet know the cause of the fire or explosions. No injuries were immediately reported. The fire had been mostly extinguished today as investigators waited for the ruins to cool in order to assess the damage. EMT spokesman Mike Galloway told CBS that the fire began late at night when the plant was locked up. He said the explosions were caused by flames licking containers of production chemicals. Firefighters did not spray water on the blaze but allowed the chemicals to burn off. All chemicals had been contained at the site. Fire crews from the Thomas Fire Department, Custer City Fire Department, Custer City Police . Department, and Custer County Sheriff’s Office attended the scene. Thomas is a small town in Custer County with a population of around 1,180.The  chemical plant employs many in the town making chemicals for the oil and gas industries. Fire crews surrounded the scene over night as they waited for the chemical fire to burn off .
highlights: The Danlin plant in Thomas, Oklahoma burned through the night . No injuries have been reported and nearby residents were evacuated .
id: 5f13303b64c2d9ea8edb4070444b5b0733e68e6c
chatgpt: A massive fire tore through the Danlin plant located in Thomas, Oklahoma late last night, leaving a path of destruction in its wake. Firefighters have been battling the flames for hours with no signs of extinguishing the blaze any time soon. Fortunately, no injuries have been reported, and all nearby residents were evacuated. The fire broke out around 11:30 PM and rapidly spread to other parts of the plant, leading to the evacuation order. Several fire departments responded to the scene, including Thomas fire department, which has been leading the effort to put out the blaze. The cause of the fire is still unknown and is under investigation. According to eyewitnesses, the fire appeared to have started in a portion of the Danlin plant where chemicals were stored. The flames quickly spread to other parts of the facility where workers had been conducting routine maintenance. The workers were able to escape the building before the fire engulfed the entire plant. The incident has caused a lot of concern for the local residents. Many are worried about the chemicals stored at the plant and the potential impact the fire could have on the environment. It is not clear how long the evacuation order will remain in effect. The Danlin plant is a leading manufacturer of specialty chemicals used in various industries. The company is yet to comment on the situation, and it is not clear how the fire will impact their operations. The Thomas fire department has urged residents to stay away from the scene and not to attempt to return to their homes until the evacuation order is lifted. Meanwhile, the investigation into what caused the fire continues.