article: The Brooklyn district attorney said Friday he will impanel a grand jury to investigate the death of Akai Gurley, who was unarmed when a rookie police officer shot him to death in the unlit stairwell of a housing project last month. "I expect to present evidence regarding the ... shooting of Akai Gurley to a grand jury because it is important to get to the bottom of what happened," District Attorney Ken Thompson said in a press release. "I pledge to conduct a full and fair investigation and to give the grand jury all of the information necessary to do its job." Earlier Friday, Gurley's mother, Sylvia Palmer, said that "I pray to God I get justice for my son." "My son was my heart and now he's been taken away from me," Palmer said at a press conference. The Brooklyn district attorney's decision comes as protesters take to the streets of American cities to protest police killings of unarmed black men in Ferguson, Missouri, and New York. A wake was held Friday night for Gurley at Brown Memorial Baptist Church in Brooklyn. Gurley, 28, was killed November 20. He was "a total innocent who just happened" to run into Officer Peter Liang in a "pitch black" stairwell at the Louis H. Pink Houses in Brooklyn, New York Police Commissioner William Bratton told reporters the day after the killing. Liang, with less than 18 months on the job and on probationary status, has been placed on modified assignment and stripped of his gun and badge pending an investigation. Liang and his partner were part of a "violence reduction overtime detail" at the Pink Houses, where a spate of serious crimes have been reported in recent months, including two robberies and four assaults, Bratton said. The officers had taken an elevator to the building's top floor to check on the roof and were taking the stairs down from the eighth floor, Bratton said, when the officer discharged the weapon. There were no lights in the stairwell leading up to the roof. Liang drew a flashlight and his weapon "for safety reasons," the police commissioner said. The other officer did not draw his gun. In the darkened stairwell, Liang's gun discharged about the same time that Gurley, the father of a 2-year-old, and his girlfriend were entering the seventh-floor landing, Bratton said. U.S. Rep. Hakeem Jeffries, a Democrat who represents large sections of Brooklyn, said told CNN Friday that the problem in many police shootings is officer training, not race relations. He noted that Gurley was African-American and Liang is Asian-American. Jeffries said he's pleased the grand jury investigation will occur and hopes for "an aggressive presentation of information."
highlights: Brooklyn district attorney says he'll impanel grand jury in November 20 shooting . Akai Gurley was unarmed when a police officer shot him to death . "I pray to God I get justice for my son," Gurley's mother says . Officer Peter Liang had been on the job 18 months, police said .
id: dd5b03f136234dfabb9d9ea7a47b580cc6f60c2a
chatgpt: Brooklyn, NY - The district attorney's office has announced that a grand jury will be impaneled to review the case of the November 20 shooting of Akai Gurley by New York Police Department Officer Peter Liang. Gurley, an unarmed black man, was shot to death while walking down the stairwell of his apartment building in East New York.  Gurley's mother spoke out about her son's death and the upcoming grand jury proceedings. "I pray to God I get justice for my son," she said. "He was a good man, a loving father, and didn't deserve to die like this." Officer Liang, who had been on the job for only 18 months, has been suspended from the force and faces charges of manslaughter and official misconduct. The shooting has sparked outrage and protests in Brooklyn and across the city, adding to the ongoing debate over police brutality and the use of force. District Attorney Ken Thompson has promised to conduct a thorough investigation and bring justice for Gurley's family. "We will follow the facts and the evidence wherever they lead, and we will present all of the evidence to the grand jury," he said. The case has also drawn attention to the issue of police accountability in New York City. Critics have pointed to a pattern of police officers being acquitted or not charged in cases of deadly force, particularly when the victims are people of color. Mayor Bill de Blasio has called for reform of police practices and increased training for officers. "We have a responsibility to ensure that our officers are well-trained, well-equipped, and culturally competent," he said. "The death of Akai Gurley is a tragedy that should never have happened, and we must work to prevent such tragedies in the future." The grand jury proceedings are expected to begin in the coming weeks, and the outcome could have far-reaching implications for police reform and accountability in New York City. The city has seen a series of high-profile cases of police brutality and misconduct in recent years, and many activists and community leaders are calling for systemic change to address the issue. As the investigation continues, residents of Brooklyn and across the city are watching closely, hoping for justice for Akai Gurley and a meaningful shift toward greater police transparency and accountability.