article: Photoshoots are complicated at the best of times. You often have little time to get the perfect shot and there are so many moving parts. So imagine throwing 99 primary school children into the mix. And then deciding to put them all in England shirts surrounding Wayne Rooney. This was going to be a challenge. Putting the kids in shirts rather than caps – as we did when we took a similar picture for Steven Gerrard’s 100th cap – was a fairly late decision. That gave us just a couple of days to find and get 99 shirts to Liverpool. Of course we wanted the kids to be able to keep them too. Wayne Rooney with 99 schoolkids all wearing England shirts donated by Pro Soccer Direct . Three of the children dressed in their England shirts signed by the captain ahead of his 100th cap . The 99 children listened as Rooney returned to where his education - and footballing journey - all began . A big thanks goes to Pro-Direct Soccer for providing the Nike England kits for the shoot. For more info go to www.prodirectsoccer.com . We tried a lot of shops but getting the right sizes and delivery in time proved impossible. We needed half red and half white too to make the perfect picture and that was an added challenge. Step in, Pro Direct Soccer at the last minute with a phone call that rescued the shoot and stopped us from having to disappoint the brilliant people at Our Lady and Saint Swithin's Catholic Primary School – and Rooney. They agreed to provide all the kits and managed to send them up from their base in Newton Abbot in Devon in time for the shoot. After that it was the crazy game of organising all the shirts into colours and sizes and getting the right children in the right tops. We laid them all out on tables in the formation we wanted and then the kids filed in and put on the right tops. The hardest part? Making sure the kids stayed in the right order as they filed into the gym for the photo. Luckily, they were incredibly well behaved, looked fantastic in their tops and got them all signed by Rooney at the end. A day they will never forget. Join Wayne’s 40 million followers on social media. You can see more amazing pictures and videos at www.waynerooney.com and by following: . facebook.com/WayneRooney . Twitter - @WayneRooney . Instagram - @WayneRooney . Rooney takes time to talk to the children at Our Lady and St Swithin's as he marks winning his 100th cap . The pupils form an orderly queue as they wait for Rooney to sign their replica England kits . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
highlights: Sportsmail organised for Wayne Rooney to visit his old school in Liverpool . He posed with 99 schoolchildren who wore an England top for the occasion . Rooney will win his 100th cap for his country against Slovenia on Saturday . Pro Direct Soccer provided the shirts for the iconic shoot .
id: 2146a194cce5695fddc82378108f946c7cfc6fd3
chatgpt: Wayne Rooney, the legendary English footballer, visited his old school in Liverpool recently. The visit, organised by Sportsmail, was a memorable occasion for the 99 schoolchildren who got a chance to meet their hero. They donned England tops for the photoshoot and will be cheering for Rooney as he reaches the coveted milestone of 100 caps for his country. Rooney took time out of his busy schedule to visit his alma mater and pose for photographs with the young children. The 99 schoolchildren couldn't contain their excitement as they got a chance to stand beside their footballing idol. The shoot was a memorable one, with the children sporting England tops provided by Pro Direct Soccer, a leading sports company. The visit brought back memories for Rooney, who attended the school from 1995 to 2002. The school, which is located in the Croxteth area of Liverpool, was instrumental in shaping Rooney's career as a footballer. Rooney was a standout performer for the school team and went on to achieve great success at the club and international level. Rooney will earn his 100th cap for England when they play Slovenia on Saturday. It is a remarkable achievement for the 33-year-old, who has had a glittering career so far. Rooney made his debut for England in 2003 and has since become a regular member of the squad. He has scored 53 international goals for his country and is considered one of England's greatest footballers of all time. Rooney's milestone couldn't have come at a better time for England, who are looking to build for the future. The team has a number of talented youngsters who will be looking to learn from Rooney's experience and leadership. Rooney has often been seen as a role model for young players and his work ethic on and off the field is an example for all aspiring footballers. Rooney's visit to his old school was a heartwarming moment for everyone involved. The children were thrilled to meet their idol and get a chance to wear their England jerseys. Rooney, on the other hand, was happy to give back to his community and inspire the next generation of footballers. In conclusion, Wayne Rooney's visit to his old school in Liverpool was a reminder of the impact that he has had on the footballing world. His 100th cap for England is a testament to his longevity and dedication to the sport. The shoot with the schoolchildren, who wore their England tops, was a special moment for everyone involved. Rooney's legacy will continue to inspire young footballers for years to come.