article: By . Hayley O'keeffe . PUBLISHED: . 06:38 EST, 26 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 13:00 EST, 26 December 2013 . A controversial burial box which could have held the remains of Jesus' brother is to go on display for the first time since its owner was acquitted of forging its inscription. The discovery of the 2,000-year-old ossuary, or bone box, which bears the words 'James son of Joseph, brother of Jesus', was regarded as one of the greatest archeological discoveries when it was found more than a decade ago. But the find was plunged into controversy when its owner Oded Golan was charged with forging the relic's exciting inscription in 2003. The ossuary (pictured when it was last on display in 2002) has divided experts over its authenticity . He fought to clear his name, and after a ten-year trial, the Israeli antiquities collector was cleared and the mystery of the 'Jesus box' lives on. The limestone box will now go on display to the public, although Mr Golan has not yet revealed where the exhibition will take place. Typical of first century Jerusalem, the box is thought to have held the remains of James the Just, the first leader of Christians in the city after the crucifixion. The box's owner Oded Golan fought a 10 year legal battle after being accused of forging the box's inscription . At that time Jews were laid in a cave after death, and their bones were collected a year later and placed in an ossuary of the kind owned by Mr Golan. He told The Guardian: 'This is the oldest evidence that mentions the name of Jesus Christ.' But despite the acquittal, some doubts remain about the box's authenticity. The box bears the Aramic inscription, 'Ya'akov bar Yosef akhui diYeshua', which translated reads, 'James, son of Joseph, brother of Jesus' Professor Christopher Rollston, of the Albright Institute of Archeological Research told the newspaper that he believed the second half of the inscription was added in modern times. Mr Golan plans to display the box alongside expert opinions from the trial, so that members of the public can decide for themselves whether they think the artifact is authentic.
highlights: The 2,000 year old box regarded has divided opinion over its authenticity . Owner Oded Golan was acquitted of forging the relic's inscription last year . Location for controversial exhibition is yet to be announced by the owner .
id: f200ce5042c28c0a26e70ad373ab241ebc4ab81f
chatgpt: A 2,000-year-old box, also known as the James Ossuary, has sparked a heated debate among archaeologists and historians, who question its authenticity. Owned by Oded Golan, the ossuary is believed to have held the bones of James, the brother of Jesus Christ, and has been regarded as one of the most significant archaeological discoveries of the century. Last year, Golan was acquitted of forging the relic's inscription, which mentioned James, after years of legal battles. His acquittal came after a six-year court case that involved allegations of forgery and ran from 2002 to 2012. The ossuary was inspected by the Israeli Antiquities Authority who stated that the inscription was a modern-day forgery created to show a connection between Jesus and James. Despite the controversy surrounding the ossuary, Golan is determined to put it on display. Details regarding the exhibition's location are yet to be announced by the owner. Golan has previously stated that he intends to put the box on display in Jerusalem or Bethlehem, however, the decision may face opposition from authorities as the authenticity of the relic has not been proven. The ossuary, which stands at 50 centimeters tall, 25 centimeters wide, and 30 centimeters deep, has been arguably the most famous and highly debated Biblical artifact of the past few decades. The intricate carvings that feature on the ossuary tell a story of a holy family, but only a few experts believe the box may actually have belonged to the Biblical character of James. Many others believe it to be a modern-day forgery designed to deceive collectors. Despite the skepticism surrounding the ossuary's authenticity, some archaeological experts believe the box is genuine. They cite the weathering of the ancient limestone as a sign of its authenticity, claiming that a modern-day forger could not create such authentic wear and tear. The James Ossuary's ownership and authenticity have divided opinions, with some people regarding it as a priceless artifact and others as a fraud. As of now, there is no final verdict regarding the authenticity of the relic. While the location of the controversial exhibition is yet to be announced, it remains to be seen if the ossuary will ever be viewed by the public.