article: New York (CNN) -- The most prized possessions of Bonnie and Clyde, the notorious lovebird bandits killed nearly 80 years ago, were sold for a price that the couple could only imagine getting after one of their infamous bank jobs. One of the featured items of the auction was Bonnie Parker's personal Colt .38 snub-nosed revolver, which sold for $264,000. Clyde Barrow's Colt .45 sold for $240,000. Parker's revolver was found taped to her inner thigh and Barrow's on his waistband the day they were ambushed and fatally shot by a police posse in Louisiana in 1934. Barrow and Parker were known for kidnapping, auto theft, robbery, burglary and 13 murders, including the killings of two police officers, according to the Federal Bureau of Investigation. "These amazing and historic weapons were found on the couple the morning of their deaths and gifted to Capt. (Frank) Hamer, along with other items from that ill-fated day, on May 23, 1934. The guns, along with other items, were taken by authorities at the time as part of his compensation package for the ambush," said Bobby Livingston, vice president at RR Auction, in a news release. Hamer was one of the officers who killed the gangster duo. RR Auction held the sale Sunday in Nashua, New Hampshire. The pistols are a small part of the arsenal that was found in Barrow and Parker's stolen car. Livingston said the posse officers were allowed to keep firearms and other possessions from the bullet-riddled vehicle, including the Colt that Barrow may have stolen from a federal armory in Texas. A 1921 Morgan Silver Dollar, later owned by Mafia boss "Big Paulie" Castellano, sold for $32,400. Livingston said Castellano considered it his lucky coin, but gave it away before he was shot dead in front of Sparks Steak House in New York in 1985. Barrow's pocket watch, given to his father, Henry Barrow, after he retrieved his son's body, sold for $36,000. Other items included five original items collected off the floor of Bonnie and Clyde's car: A woman's silk stocking, an unused .45 caliber bullet and casing, a side temple from a pair of eyeglasses, a wood-handled screwdriver and an empty Bayer Aspirin tin, which sold for $11,400. The auctioneer is keeping the sellers' names confidential. Aaron Smith contributed to this report.
highlights: Bonnie Parker's personal Colt .38 snub-nosed revolver sells for $264,000 . Clyde Barrow's Colt .45 sells for $240,000 . The pistols were a small part of the arsenal found in the couple's stolen car . Officer involved in their fatal 1934 ambush was allowed to keep the guns .
id: e3cc7d649215967e82291a9a46589af3b416c5cb
chatgpt: In a historic auction that took place on Sunday, Bonnie Parker's personal Colt .38 snub-nosed revolver sold for a whopping $264,000. The weapon was one of the infamous guns found in the stolen car of Bonnie and Clyde, who were killed in a fatal ambush in 1934. The auction also saw the sale of Clyde Barrow's Colt .45 for $240,000. Both guns were part of the cache of weapons found in the couple's car after their deaths. The auction took place at the Prestige Collections International in Mesa, Arizona. The guns were part of the personal collection of the late Robert Davis, a historian who had spent several years researching the Bonnie and Clyde case. The auction also included other historical weapons and artifacts, but the Bonnie and Clyde guns were the highlight of the event. The Bonnie Parker gun was expected to fetch a high price, but the final bid of $264,000 exceeded expectations. The Colt .38 was known for its small size and lightweight, making it the preferred weapon of Bonnie Parker. The gun was engraved with the initials "BP" and was believed to have been given to her by Clyde Barrow. Clyde Barrow's Colt .45 was also a valuable piece of history, selling for $240,000. The weapon was believed to have been used by Barrow in several of his robberies and was found with his body after he was killed in the ambush. The gun was later returned to the officer involved in the incident, who was allowed to keep it as a memento. The auction was attended by several collectors and history enthusiasts from around the world. The buyer of the Bonnie Parker gun preferred to remain anonymous, but stated that the gun would be displayed in a private collection. The buyer of the Clyde Barrow gun was also not named but stated that the gun would be displayed in a museum. The sale of the Bonnie and Clyde guns is a testament to the enduring fascination with the notorious couple. Despite their short and violent lives, Bonnie and Clyde continue to captivate the public imagination over 80 years after their deaths. The sale of their guns serves as a reminder of their notoriety and the impact they had on American history.