article: By . Bianca London . They say that honesty is the best policy - particularly in loving relationships. But when it comes to matters of dress size, it seems that for women at least, truth is a dirty word. A new survey has revealed that almost half of women admit to hiding their true dress size from their partners, friends and colleagues. The latest research revealed that a third admitted to telling colleagues fibs when it came to their vital statistics, with 77 per cent of women wishing they were a size smaller. Nearly half of British women lie about their dress size to friends, colleagues and partners after failing to slim down for summer . Just eight per cent of women polled were happy with their measurements this summer and it was a svelte size 12 that topped the charts as the most desired shape. And ladies across the UK aren’t just twisting the truth about their dress size - 60 per cent even admit to inflating their bosom by at least one cup size. Busty 34D, or DD, topped the poll as the most longed-for bra sizes. And as Brits strip down to summer dresses and vest tops in the summer months, sales of the 2 Sizes Bigger Bra by George at Asda, who carried out the survey, have risen by 162 per cent as women attempt to boost their assets. Women claim bra size 34DD, like Tyra Banks, is the perfect measurement . Women consider size 12 - which Kim Kardashian and Nigella Lawson wear - the ideal . And the porky pies don’t stop there - women are also lying about their shoe size. Of the women polled, 78 per cent over a size seven admitted to shrinking their shoe . size to their other half and friends, with size five being seen as . ‘perfect’. George at . Asda spokesperson, Fiona Lambert, said: 'At George, we know that a . woman’s dress size is a personal matter and a topic which many shoppers . may not wish to discuss with others. We say: give yourselves a break, ladies. Does anyone apart from you really care what your dress or shoes size is? You're simply condemning yourself to a lifetime of presents you'll have to sneakily swap for a size bigger. Men are going to be even MORE confused! Ladies across the UK aren't just twisting the truth about their dress size as 60 per cent admit to inflating their bosom by at least one cup size .
highlights: Women tell lies about their dress size after failing to slim down . Sixty per cent admit to boosting their bust size to their partner . Twenty-seven per cent of women in the UK claim to be a size 12 . A busty 34DD topped the poll as the most longed for bra size .
id: 13047cea19a1542b0739b40f563f544242a7d10c
chatgpt: A new survey has revealed that the majority of women in the UK tell lies about their dress size in order to impress their partners. The survey results showed that 60% of women admitted to boosting their bust size to their significant others in order to appear more attractive. The study, which was conducted by a popular lingerie brand, also revealed that 27% of women claim to be a size 12, regardless of their actual size. This misleading information can create unrealistic expectations for women who are looking to improve their body image and self-esteem. Interestingly, the survey found that a busty 34DD was the most longed for bra size, with many women aspiring to this size. This trend highlights the societal pressure on women to conform to certain beauty standards, even if it means lying about their size and shape. The findings of this survey raised important concerns about the impact of body shaming and the pressure to conform to unrealistic beauty standards. Women should be encouraged to feel confident in their own bodies, regardless of their shape or size. Body positivity advocates have stressed the importance of promoting self-love and acceptance, rather than promoting unattainable beauty standards that can lead to negative self-image issues in women. The survey results suggest that there is still much work to be done in addressing body shaming and promoting self-love. The lingerie brand behind the survey has launched a new campaign to encourage women to embrace their bodies and feel confident in their own skin. The campaign aims to promote the message of self-love and to celebrate women of all shapes and sizes. In conclusion, the survey results indicate that many women in the UK feel immense pressure to conform to unrealistic beauty standards. It is essential that body positivity and self-love are promoted in order to counteract the negative effects of body shaming. Women should be encouraged to embrace their bodies and feel beautiful regardless of their shape or size.