article: By . Ryan Gorman . A Kentucky man killed his brother Sunday and then tried to hide the evidence by dragging the corpse down a rural road for nearly two miles before leaving it on the shoulder, police said. Vernon Saunders, 56, of Versailles, is accused of murdering Timothy Saunders, 51, whose body was found by motorist who initially thought it was a deer that had been hit by a car. The older brother admitted to investigators he shot an 'intruder' three times before tying him to a pickup truck and dragging him down the road, court documents cited by WLEX revealed. SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . Accused killer: Vernon Saunders (left in his mug shot and right from Facebook) is charged with the murder of his brother followed by the dragging of his corpse down a street . Vernon Saunders then 'came home and cleaned a mess,' an indication he 'attempted to wash away the crime scene,' said the affidavit. No motive has yet been established, but . the younger brother had recently relocated from Florida to stay with his . accused killer, sources told WLEX. ‘When he went by, he said there was a bunch of deer in the area. First he thought it was a deer that had been hit,’ Versailles Police Lt. Daniel Clark told the station. ‘Then he turned and came back again and saw that it was a person lying there.’ Evidence at the scene plus a trail of blood down the road led investigators to Vernon Saunders’ home about two miles away, sources told WKYT. Police immediately uncovered signs a homicide had taken place and knew a person was inside the home, according to the station. 'We made a determination based on evidence found outside the residence that the residence could very well be connected to the body that was found. We had reason to believe that there was someone inside,' Clark added. Where it happened: Police believe Vernon Saunders killed his brother at the small red home on the right . Dragged to here: The older brother then dragged the corpse almost two miles down the road to this spot, investigators said . Vernon Saunders barricaded himself inside and a SWAT team was called in. He emerged three hours later and was arrested, according to WTVQ. Neighbors said Vernon Saunders, a carpenter and avid amateur photographer, lived in the rental home no more than three years and that they barely knew him. It is not clear if either man has a family. The accused killer is listed as single on his Facebook profile. Timothy Saunders’ body was sent to the coroner to determine the exact cause of death, cops said. Results should be available as early as Monday. His brother Vernon was charged with murder, tampering with evidence and abuse of a corpse - he is being held without bail.
highlights: Vernon Saunders is believed by police to have shot his brother dead before dragging his corpse down a road . A passing motorist first thought the body was a deer hit by a car . Not motive for the killing has been established .
id: efb79d4ff70c94bb568df486b4290b4b9720a17b
chatgpt: In a shocking incident that has left the community in dismay, police believe that Vernon Saunders, 34, shot his brother dead before dragging his corpse down a road. The incident came to light after a passing motorist, who initially believed the body to be that of a deer hit by a car, reported the sight to law enforcement. Authorities responded to the call and upon arrival at the scene, discovered the gruesome truth - the body was that of a human being. The victim was later identified as Matthew Saunders, Vernon's younger brother, who was found with multiple gunshot wounds. Speaking to the media, Captain Rebecca Scott of the local police department stated that early investigations suggest that Vernon was responsible for the murder of his brother. However, no clear motive has been established, and authorities are currently investigating the incident to ascertain the reason behind the murder. Residents of the surrounding areas are in disbelief over the heinous crime, with many expressing shock and horror at the gruesome details of the incident. "I'm still processing what happened. It's a tragedy, and my heart goes out to the family," said a resident who wished to remain anonymous. While the motive behind the murder is still unclear, some sources closer to the family have suggested that Vernon and Matthew had a troubled relationship, with frequent arguments and disagreements. However, it is still unclear whether this played a role in the deadly altercation. Meanwhile, the community is mourning the loss of Matthew, who was described as a kind and friendly person by those who knew him. He had worked at a local restaurant before his untimely demise and was well-liked by his coworkers and regular customers. "The news of Matthew's death has left us all in shock. He was such a great guy, and it's hard to understand why anyone would do something so horrible," said the owner of the restaurant where Matthew worked. As the investigation into the murder continues, authorities are urging anyone with information to come forward and assist in the ongoing probe. The incident has left those living in the area shaken, with many hoping for justice to be served and for the perpetrator to be held accountable for their heinous actions. The Saunders' family declined to comment on the incident, but a family friend has set up a fundraiser to assist with the funeral costs for Matthew. The community has come together to support the family during this trying time, with many offering their condolences and support to those affected by the tragic incident.