article: Around 2,000 people a year die from skin cancer each year in Australia. Now an enterprising trio of young designers have created an outfit made from 50+ sun protection fabric, aimed at keeping the sun’s harmful rays away from the skin. The students at WA’s Central Institute of Technology were tasked with creating an outfit that ‘incorporates sun protection with youth fashion’ by the Sunsmart team at Cancer Council WA. Fashion students in WA have designed this grey jumpsuit as an outfit that will appeal to young people . Cassandra Pittard, Silvia Dzemail and Lauren Willems stand behind a model in their outfit . ‘Living in Australia means we’re at high risk of developing skin cancer, but you don’t have to compromise fashion to protect yourself,’ Sunsmart said. Cassandra Pittard, Silvia Dzemail and Lauren Willems designed the winning grey jumpsuit. The only bit of skin that it shows are the forearms and lower legs, thanks to three-quarter length sleeves and cropped trousers. The simple design features a breast pocket and stitching around the two pockets on the waist. The grey material, modelled here by Pascale Giorgi, boasts inbuilt sun protection . The design is now on sale in a local store, Ruck Rover General Store in Northbridge, WA . ‘Young people are often fashion and image conscious, and unfortunately this can come at the cost of sun protection,’ SunSmart Campaign Coordinator Carolyn Minto said. ‘The project encourages the designers of tomorrow to show that fashion and sun protection can go hand in hand. ‘Melanoma is the most common cancer in young people, and this project is a way of improving attitudes towards sun protection in this group,’ she said. The only bit of skin that it shows are the forearms and lower legs . Australia has one of the highest rates of skin cancer in the world . This is the fourth SunSmart fashion garment produced out of the partnership. The design is now on sale in a local store, Ruck Rover General Store in Northbridge, WA. Australia has one of the highest rates of skin cancer in the world, with two in three Australians diagnosed with skin cancer by the age of 70. The disease costs the health system around $512.3 million annually, as reported in 2010,  the highest cost of all cancers.
highlights: Fashion students at WA's Central Institute of Technology created the outfit . Competition asked them to 'incorporate sun protection with youth fashion'
id: ae391754ff42dd0614698c594257425245eeb050
chatgpt: Fashion students at Western Australia's Central Institute of Technology have taken up the challenge to create an outfit that incorporates sun protection with youth fashion. The competition was part of a wider initiative to promote safe sun practices amongst young people, and the results were impressive. The winning outfit was designed by student, Emma Smith, who embraced bold colors and innovative materials to create a fun and fashionable look that also protects against harmful UV rays. The outfit is made up of a light and breathable fabric that is perfect for the hot Aussie summer, and features a large floppy hat to shield the wearer's face from the sun. "We wanted to create something that was fashionable, but also practical," said Emma. "There's no reason why sun protection can't be stylish, and we wanted to show that through our design." The competition was part of a broader initiative to promote safe sun practices amongst young people, with organizers hoping to spread the message that summer style doesn't have to come at the cost of healthy skin. Australia has one of the highest rates of skin cancer in the world, and initiatives like this are crucial in educating young people about the importance of sun safety. "The students did an amazing job with their designs," said competition judge Sarah Williams. "It's always great to see the next generation of designers creating something that not only looks great but also promotes a healthy lifestyle." The competition was supported by a number of local businesses who have also been working to promote sun safety, including a popular surfing apparel brand who provided materials to the students. "We think it's so important to incorporate sun protection into our clothing," said a spokesperson for the brand. "We've been working on this for years and it's great to see that the next generation of designers are also taking up the challenge." The winning outfit will be showcased at a number of events throughout the summer, including key beach and surf festivals. The hope is that it will inspire young people to think more carefully about sun protection, and recognize that safe sun practices can be incorporated into any look. Overall, the competition was a huge success and demonstrated that style and sun protection can go hand in hand. The students who participated in the competition have shown that they have the talent and creativity to not only create fashionable garments but also to promote healthy lifestyles. Their work is a great example of how designers can contribute to broader social issues, and it's exciting to see what they will come up with next.