article: (CNN) -- Uganda's President has declined to sign a bill that would punish certain homosexual acts with life in prison, but the move was not designed to protect the civil rights of gays and lesbians. President Yoweri Museveni believes that parliament illegally passed the bill, and gays and lesbians are "sick people who need help," his spokesman said. A Ugandan lawmaker first introduced the bill in 2009 with a death penalty clause for some homosexual acts. It was briefly shelved when Britain and other European nations threatened to withdraw aid to Uganda, which relies on millions of dollars from the international community. The nation's parliament passed the bill last month, supplanting the death penalty provision with a proposal of life in prison for "aggravated homosexuality." It was awaiting the President's signature for passage. News came Friday that the President had sent a letter to the speaker of the parliament, saying he can't sign the bill because there weren't enough parliament members present when it was passed. "There was no quorum which (was) mandated for bill passage. Thus, he is unable to sign a bill that was not legally passed," spokesman Tamale Mirundi said. The spokesman further explained Museveni's thinking about the issue. "Homosexuals need help. They are sick," Mirundi said. "Homosexuals were present in Africa in the past and were not persecuted." The President also believes that the issue is not a priority for his country. "It might be important in Europe, but not here," Mirundi said. "The President's inability to sign the bill is very clear and his stance has not changed. ... There was no quorum, and homosexuals are sick people who need help." According to Amnesty International, the bill's definition of "aggravated homosexuality" includes acts in which a person is infected with HIV, "serial offenders" and sex with minors. The bill also proposed years in prison for anyone who counsels or reaches out to gays and lesbians, a provision that would ensnare rights groups and others providing services to lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people. Homosexuality is illegal in most African countries, where sodomy laws were introduced during colonialism. In Uganda, homosexual acts are punishable by 14 years to life in prison, according to rights activists. But lawmakers in the conservative nation sought tougher legislation, saying the influence of Western lifestyles risks destroying family units. "This is a piece of legislation that is needed in this country to protect the traditional family here in Africa, and also protect the future of our children," said David Bahati, the lawmaker who introduced the bill. Rights groups and the international community had urged Museveni to veto the bill. Parliament is in recess and won't reconvene until February 18, parliament spokesman Moses Bwalatum said. The bill can become law without the President's signature if Museveni returns it to parliament twice and it garners the support of two-thirds of lawmakers, he said. Journalist Samson Ntale and Gregory Branch contributed to this report.
highlights: President's spokesman: "There was no quorum, and homosexuals are sick people" Lawmakers downgraded punishment for "aggravated homosexuality" to life in prison . Law also proposed prison time for those who counsel, reach out to gays and lesbians . Parliament reconvenes next month, and the bill could pass without President's signature .
id: 0d218f7b208eb8390453671b5be9d207ec5ab9e3
chatgpt: Uganda has once again become the subject of worldwide criticism due to its ongoing efforts to criminalize homosexuality. Last week, the country's lawmakers recently passed a bill that would downgrade the punishment for "aggravated homosexuality" to life in prison. The controversial legislation would also criminalize those who counsel or offer support to gay and lesbian individuals. The new bill has sparked outrage from human rights groups, who have long sought to protect the rights of LGBTQ individuals in Uganda and other countries. Many activists see the bill as a clear attempt to further marginalize an already vulnerable population. Despite widespread opposition to the new law, a spokesman for Uganda's president recently defended the legislation, stating that "homosexuals are sick people" and that there was "no quorum" for a vote on a more lenient measure. Uganda has a history of enacting laws that discriminate against the LGBTQ community. In 2014, a law was passed that would imprison gay individuals for life. The law, which was ultimately voided by the country's constitutional court, nevertheless caused significant distress for many LGBTQ people in Uganda. The current legislation, which would apply to both Ugandans and foreign visitors, also includes a provision that would allow the government to compel individuals to undergo "medical examination" to prove that they are not gay or lesbian. This provision has been widely criticized by human rights groups, which have pointed out that such testing is both unethical and scientifically unsound. Many LGBTQ activists fear that the legislation is only the latest in a series of measures aimed at suppressing LGBTQ communities both in Uganda and around the world. Those who have spoken out against the bill have also noted that it is part of a larger trend of governments attempting to curtail the rights of minority groups. Uganda's parliament is set to reconvene next month, at which point the bill could be passed into law without the endorsement of the president. Despite growing pressure from human rights groups both within and beyond Uganda's borders, the country's lawmakers continue to plow ahead with the legislation, which many see as being rooted in bigotry and intolerance. As the global conversation around LGBTQ rights continues to evolve, it remains to be seen what impact the new law will have on those living in Uganda. Activists remain committed to fighting for the rights of all Ugandans, regardless of sexual orientation or gender identity, and are calling on supporters around the world to speak out against the discriminatory bill. In the face of ongoing opposition, Uganda's lawmakers have continued to move forward with legislation that undermines the basic human rights of their citizens. As the country's parliament prepares to vote on the bill, the world waits to see whether the voices of those who seek equality and justice will be heard, or whether they will be silenced by a government that appears determined to punish those who are different.