article: Danny Welbeck hopes to draw inspiration from his idol Thierry Henry's success at Arsenal after completing a deadline day switch to the Emirates. Welbeck will embark on a new career in north London after he signed a five-year deal with the Gunners following a £16million switch from boyhood club Manchester United. Arsene Wenger moved for the England international after Olivier Giroud was ruled out until the new year with a broken foot. VIDEO Scroll down for Danny Welbeck: I've envisaged myself playing for Arsenal before . In business: Danny Welbeck completed his £16million move from Manchester United on transfer deadline day . On the ball: The forward came on as a second-half substitute in England's slender win over Norway . Star man: Welbeck has revealed he looked up to Arsenal's all-time leading goalscorer Thierry Henry . And while Welbeck, who came off the bench as a second-half substitute in England’s 1-0 win over Norway on Wednesday night, concedes that competition for places at Arsenal will be intense, he is looking to Henry, the club’s all-time leading goalscorer, as a source for inspiration. ‘I loved watching Thierry Henry since I was a little kid,’ said Welbeck. ‘My two idols are Ryan Giggs and Thierry Henry so to come to the club where he was and had so much success at is something you can look up to and try to stamp your own print on the club. ‘There's definitely competition and I think once you come to a big club, there is always going to be competition. ‘Unfortunately there are a couple of injuries at the moment but I think once everyone is fighting fit, everybody will want to be on the pitch scoring goals and that's healthy competition for the squad.’ All white on the night: Welbeck looked sharp after he replaced former United team-mate Wayne Rooney . Welbeck is expected to make his debut when the Premier League action resumes after the international break. Arsenal host Manchester City, and Welbeck has promised the club’s fans he’ll give everything in his bid to win over the Emirates faithful. Speaking to Arsenal’s official website, Welbeck added: ‘I just want them to know that I will give 100 per cent in every single game. Down and out: Olivier Giroud has been ruled out of action until the new year with a broken foot . ‘I play with my heart on my sleeve and I'm always going to give my best. I'll try to give them so many happy days in the coming future. ‘I know a lot about Arsenal. I don't think there are many people in England who won't know about Arsenal and what a big club this is. The stadium is fantastic and the team has got a legendary manager and magnificent players who have also been brought in. ‘It seems like a family club and that's something that's really enticing. I'm so glad to be here.’ VIDEO Welbeck fired up for Gunners move .
highlights: Welbeck cites Henry as one of two idols; the other being Ryan Giggs . The England forward completed a £16m move to Arsenal on deadline day . Arsene Wenger signed Welbeck after Olivier Giroud sustained a foot injury . Welbeck expected to make his Arsenal debut against Manchester City .
id: b9b1e200a7c46ea0b622e0401d6d6dd86e8d27ab
chatgpt: Danny Welbeck, the England forward, has completed his much-anticipated £16m move from Manchester United to Arsenal on the deadline day. Welbeck, who cites Thierry Henry and Ryan Giggs as his two footballing idols, is expected to fit in seamlessly into Arsenal’s fast-paced and attacking style of play. Arsene Wenger, the Arsenal manager, signed Welbeck after Olivier Giroud sustained a foot injury, which will keep him out of action until the New Year. Wenger had been searching for a striker throughout the transfer window, with their hunt culminating in the signing of Welbeck from their Premier League rivals. Welbeck’s move to Arsenal has been met with a lot of positivity by the football fraternity, with many believing that he will add a new dimension to the already formidable Arsenal side. The 23-year-old forward has been improving with every season, and his impressive performances for England in recent games have made him one of the most sought after strikers in the Premier League. Speaking about his move to Arsenal, Welbeck said, “It’s a great opportunity for me to come to a great club like Arsenal and play alongside some of the best players in the world. I’ve always admired Arsenal’s style of play and I think I can contribute a lot to the team.” Welbeck is expected to make his Arsenal debut in the Premier League match against Manchester City on Saturday. Wenger has been impressed with the England international’s fitness and form during the international break, and has said that he is ready to start against the reigning Premier League champions. The addition of Welbeck is seen as a huge boost for Arsenal, who have started the season on a high with three consecutive victories in the Premier League. With Giroud out for the next few months, Wenger will be hoping that Welbeck can hit the ground running and lead Arsenal’s attack with his pace, skill, and finishing ability. Welbeck’s signing has also been praised by former Arsenal striker Thierry Henry, who believes that the England forward has all the qualities to succeed at the Emirates. “Danny is a great addition to the Arsenal squad,” said Henry. “He has the pace, power and technical ability to play at the highest level. I’m really looking forward to seeing him play for Arsenal.” Welbeck’s other idol, Ryan Giggs, has also praised the move, saying that it is a great opportunity for the young striker to further his career. “Danny is a talented player who has a lot of potential,” said Giggs. “I think he will do very well at Arsenal and I wish him all the best.” With Welbeck now in their ranks, Arsenal will be hoping to challenge for honours on all fronts this season. The young striker has all the qualities to succeed at the highest level, and if he can hit the ground running at the Emirates, he could well turn out to be one of the signings of the season.