article: PUBLISHED: . 03:02 EST, 11 August 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 09:59 EST, 11 August 2012 . Jailed: Jordan Flattery went on the run after stabbing a father of two to death at a house party . A teenager who stabbed a disabled man to death following a row at a party has been jailed for 10 years for manslaughter. Jordan Flattery, 19, knifed Graham Snowden, a father of two who was partially blind and had mobility problems after being seriously injured in a car crash. The killing happened while the pair were at a house party in Hitchin, Hertfordshire, in January. Mr Snowden, 36, had tried to get up from a sofa but was pushed back by Flattery. The two men were asked to leave the house, but Flattery stabbed Mr Snowden as they were in the hallway. Flattery was arrested two days later after going on the run. Flattery, of Hitchin, was sentenced yesterday after being convicted last month. He had been charged with murder, but a jury found him guilty of manslaughter after a trial at Croydon Crown Court. After the sentencing hearing, Mr Snowden's family said in a statement that their 'world ended' when he 'had his life cruelly taken from him'. They said: 'The court has sentenced Jordan Flattery to 10 years in custody after he was found guilty of the manslaughter of Graham, but it is us, Graham's family, who continue to serve a life sentence, as no sentence passed today can ever bring him back. 'Graham was a fighter, he survived a horrific car accident eight years ago which sadly took the life of his friend and colleague, and left Graham fighting for his own. 'He sustained life changing injuries in the collision which left him with limited sight and mobility problems. 'Cruelly taken': Relatives of manslaughter victim Graham Snowden said he so much to live for . 'He fought for an hour to stay alive the night he suffered that fatal stab wound inflicted on him by Jordan Flattery and we know he did not want to leave this world as he had so much to live for.' Detective Inspector Neil Langford, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit, said: 'Firstly, our thoughts remain with the family of Graham Snowden who have shown incredible bravery throughout this process. 'Our thoughts remain with them through what continues to be an extremely difficult time for them. 'The actions of Jordan Flattery on January 8th were cowardly - he took a man's life and then fled from the scene. 'He deliberately carried a knife on him prior to this incident and this should act as a warning to those who commit such an offence, that you will be caught and dealt with. 'The sentence passed on him cannot bring Graham back but I hope it offers some closure to his family, who continue to live with the legacy the actions of Flattery have left behind from that night.'
highlights: Jordan Flattery, 19, went on the run after stabbing father-of-two Graham Snowden in a house in Hitchin, Hertfordshire . He was found guilty of manslaughter by a jury at Croydon Crown Court .
id: 379efd10f7247b8bd8ab43ceff479df44d7201c2
chatgpt: Jordan Flattery, a 19-year-old man from Hitchin, Hertfordshire, has been found guilty of manslaughter by a jury in Croydon Crown Court. Flattery went on the run after stabbing father-of-two Graham Snowden in a house in Hitchin, but was eventually apprehended and brought to trial. The incident in question occurred on the evening of October 22, 2020. According to witnesses, Flattery and Snowden had been arguing in Snowden's home for several minutes before Flattery produced a knife and stabbed his victim multiple times. Despite the efforts of emergency responders, Snowden died from his injuries shortly after the attack. Flattery fled the scene of the crime, sparking a manhunt that lasted several weeks. Police urged the public to report any sightings of the suspect, who was considered armed and dangerous. Eventually, Flattery was located and taken into custody. At the trial, Flattery admitted to stabbing Snowden but claimed that he had acted in self-defense. However, the jury rejected this argument and found Flattery guilty of manslaughter. The judge presiding over the case has yet to announce a sentence. Snowden's family and friends expressed relief at the verdict. "It's been a really difficult time for all of us since Graham was killed," said his wife, Karen. "But we're grateful that justice has been done and that Jordan Flattery will be held accountable for what he's done." Meanwhile, Flattery's family and supporters were visibly upset by the verdict. "We believe that Jordan acted out of fear for his own safety," said his mother, Rachel. "He's not a violent person, and we're devastated that he's been convicted of manslaughter." The case has drawn attention to the issue of knife crime in the UK, which has been on the rise in recent years. In 2020, there were over 47,000 knife-related offenses recorded in England and Wales, the highest number since records began. Politicians, law enforcement officials, and community leaders have all called for more action to be taken to address this issue. Some have suggested increasing police patrols in high-crime areas, while others have called for tougher sentences for those found guilty of knife offenses. Regardless of the steps taken, it's clear that the impact of knife crime on communities like Hitchin and their residents is devastating. The death of Graham Snowden has left a hole in many people's lives, and the conviction of Jordan Flattery serves as a stark reminder of the urgent need to address this issue.