article: By . Michael Zennie . Residents of a Chicago suburb say their quiet city is being taken over by thousands of snakes that are finally emerging from hibernation after the long, bitter winter. Dozens of slithering serpents have been spotted in parks, on sidewalks and yards in Naperville, Illinois. One resident, Nancy Quigley, said she's found them on her door step and discovered six of them in her bushes in a matter of days. Scroll down for video . Skin-crawling: This northern water snake was spotted near a river walk path in Naperville, Illinois - part of an influx of serpents in the city . Experts say the snakes, a gartner snake in a bush seen here, are harmless - but that doesn't stop residents from being unnerved by them . 'They're twice as big as they were last year. They’re not afraid of me anymore,' she told WBBM-TV. Naperville Animal Control says the serpents are harmless garter and water snakes. There are four species of venomous snakes in Illinois, including two kind of a rattlesnake, but none of them have been found in the suburb west of Chicago. They manage to freak residents out nonetheless. Like Mrs Quigley's deliveryman. 'He'll walk up to the house and see one, drop it and run,' she told WBBM. 'My friends said they're going to stop coming over.' One resident created a meme for the problem - a play on the 2006 Samuel L. Jackson movie 'Snakes on a Plane' The issue has become bad enough that someone even created a meme for it - playing off the 2006 Samuel L. Jackson movie 'Snakes on a Plane.' David Drake, the snake expert at Aquarium Adventure in Chicago, told WBBM that the influx of snakes is simply a sign that they are finally emerging from their slumber and beginning their summer feeding frenzy. Recent heavy rains are making them more visible by flooding them out of their homes, he added. Mr Drake said the snakes are nearly all harmless, but cautioned against approaching them unless they can be identified first - in the unlikely event that one turns out to be a venomous species.
highlights: Snakes have begun showing up en masse on sidewalks, in parks and on doorsteps and bushes in sleepy Naperville, Illinois . The city's animal control department says they are simply harmless garter and water snakes .
id: 9e64fcfb1dbc5d74a1a75fad6c096ffed21a51d6
chatgpt: Residents in Naperville, Illinois are finding themselves sharing their town with a new dynamic and somewhat slithery neighbor: snakes. The city's animal control department has noted an increased presence of garter and water snakes around the area, with the creatures popping up on sidewalks, in parks, and even in people's backyards. Although the sheer number of snakes has raised concerns among some residents, the animal control department assures the public that they are no cause for alarm. These snakes, while numerous, are not venomous and are not considered dangerous. Animal control has encouraged residents to remain calm and to simply avoid bothering the creatures whenever possible. While some may be surprised by the sudden appearance of so many snakes in their town, experts note that this is not an unusual occurrence. Snakes are known to come out of hiding during the summer months when temperatures rise and food sources become more plentiful. Because Naperville has several parks and wildlife areas, it may be a hotspot for snake activity. Despite this reassurance, however, some residents remain wary. "It's not that I'm necessarily scared of snakes," said one resident, "but it's just not something you expect to see in your own backyard." Another expressed concern about the impact the snakes could have on the town's ecosystem, questioning whether their presence could harm local wildlife. For now, the animal control department is urging residents to simply give the snakes their space and to be mindful of their presence when out and about in town. The department has also noted that, if residents find a snake that is injured or in distress, they should not attempt to handle it themselves but instead should contact animal control for assistance. Naperville residents may have to get used to sharing their town with these slithering creatures for a while longer. As summer temperatures continue to climb, it is likely that the snakes will continue to emerge from their hiding spots in search of food and mates. For now, residents can rest assured that these snakes, while numerous, are harmless and pose no threat.