article: By . Jennifer Newton . This is the moment a 30 man lynch mob stormed a Russian hospital so they could beat and stab to death a man who had hours before killed a waiter in a restaurant. Georgiy Ohamov was dragged from his hospital bed, kicked, punched and even had a bench dropped on him before he was finally stabbed to death allegedly in revenge for stabbing waiter Mahil Grukovich in a dispute over the bill. According to detectives, Ohamov had been with friends at the Baku restaurant in the city earlier in the evening where they had drank wine and vodka. Scroll down for video . The 30 strong mob arrived at the hospital and stormed their way in so they could get to the man . The mob turned up at the hospital in the Russian city of Tyumen following the stabbing of a waiter in a restaurant . The men then grabbed their victim from his hospital bed before beginning to kick and punch him. They even dropped a bench on him . The victim is wheeled through the hospital with the mob storming their way through the hospital to find him . There was then an altercation between Ohamov and the waiter when the bill arrived. Eyewitness Alexsei Smelenko said: 'It started . with words, moved on to fists, then chair legs and finally the customer . grabbed a knife and stabbed the waiter in the chest. 'But by that time he was pretty bloodied too and could barely stand.' Both injured men were transferred to a local hospital and it is thought relatives of Mahil heard that he was fighting for his life and hatched their plan for revenge. The man was dragged outside, where the attack continued following the dispute over the bill in a restaurant . When hospital staff discovered Ohamov and got him back to his hospital bed, he was dying and passed away minutes later . The assistant to the police director in Tyumen said they would track down the killers and punish them . Some 30 people stormed the hospital, grabbed Ohamov from his bed, dragged him outside and beat him up. By that time the stab victim had already died and when medics finally got Ohamov back into the hospital he too was dying and passed away minutes later. Police said the crowds, which stormed the hospital in the far eastern city of Tyumen were 'wild with fury' as they carried out the attack. A police spokesman said: 'We are perhaps fortunate that not more people were killed in this vortex of hatred.' Lyudmila Sheshukova, assistant to the police director of Tyumen, added: 'There is no place for mob vengeance here. We will track these killers down and punish them.'
highlights: 30 strong mob stormed the hospital in the eastern Russian city of Tyumen . Dragged Georgiy Ohamov from his bed before attacking him in revenge . Hours earlier he had stabbed a waiter at the Baku restaurant in the city . Ohamov had been drinking wine and vodka before there was a bill dispute . Said to have been injured as he knifed the waiter when the bill arrived . Police say they will track down and punish the killers .
id: 27e20be7b9de01d70045124036d6aa990bf7fff3
chatgpt: In a horrific incident that sent shockwaves throughout the city, a group of 30 individuals stormed the hospital in the east Russian city of Tyumen to seek revenge against a patient. The victim, identified as Georgiy Ohamov, was dragged from his bed and brutally attacked in what appears to be a retaliatory attack. The incident occurred just hours after Ohamov had stabbed a waiter at the Baku restaurant in the city. Reports suggest that Ohamov had been drinking wine and vodka at the restaurant when a dispute arose over the bill. Eyewitnesses claim that he became agitated and ultimately ended up stabbing the waiter when he arrived with the bill. The violence did not end there, however. Hours after the incident at the restaurant, a large mob descended upon the hospital where Ohamov was being treated. The group reportedly barged into the hospital and forcibly removed Ohamov from his bed before subjecting him to a brutal attack. The attack has sent shockwaves through the city, with many people expressing their shock and outrage at the violence. Local police have vowed to track down and punish those responsible for the attack, and have urged members of the public to come forward if they have any information that could help with the investigation. Speaking to reporters, a spokesperson for the police stated that "we are doing everything in our power to find those responsible for this heinous attack. We will not rest until justice has been served for Georgiy Ohamov and his family." The incident has once again highlighted the issue of violence in the city, with many people expressing their concern about the rising tide of crime and violence. The local authorities have vowed to do everything in their power to tackle the issue, and have called for greater cooperation between the police and the public to help combat the problem. However, many people feel that more needs to be done to address the root causes of the problem, including poverty, inequality, and social exclusion. They argue that unless these issues are tackled, the problem of violence and crime is likely to persist, with tragic incidents like this one becoming all too common. Despite the tragic nature of the incident, however, there are also pockets of hope and positivity in the aftermath of the attack. Many people have come together to offer support and condolences to the family of Georgiy Ohamov, and have pledged to do everything in their power to ensure that justice is served. Ultimately, it is clear that more needs to be done to tackle the issue of violence and crime in our communities. It is only by working together, and addressing the root causes of the problem, that we can hope to create a safer and more peaceful society for all.