article: British Airways is suspending all of its flights between London and two West African nations for the rest of the year as the region struggles to contain the worst ever outbreak of the deadly Ebola virus. The airline initially said it was halting its service between Heathrow Airport and Liberia and Sierra Leone until the end of August due to ‘the deteriorating public health situation in both countries’, but it confirmed that it is extending the suspension until 31 December. The decision was announced by the Foreign & Commonwealth Office in an updated travel advisory for Britons. Grounded: British Airways has extended its flight ban for two countries dealing with an Ebola outbreak . In a statement provided to MailOnline Travel, British Airways said: ‘The safety of our customers, crew and ground teams is always our top priority and we will regularly reassess the routes in the coming months. ‘Customers with tickets on those routes are being offered a full refund or a range of rebooking options.’ British Airways, the national flag carrier for the UK, normally operates four flights a week between Heathrow Airport and Monrovia, Liberia, with a stopover in Freetown, Sierra Leone. Air France has suspended its flights to and from Sierra Leone, and the French government has urged French nationals to leave Sierra Leone amid concerns about the epidemic that has killed more than 1,400 people in four countries. Several airlines have stopped flying into and out of Guinea, Liberia, Sierra Leone and Nigeria as they grapple with the worst outbreak since the virus was first detected in 1976. British Airways followed the lead of Emirates, which became the first major international airline to cancel flights, and African carriers Arik and ASKY. Epidemic: More than 1,400 have died during the worst Ebola outbreak since the virus was first detected . Kenya Airways and Korean Air Lines have also halted flights to the region. The current outbreak is believed to have started in Guinea last December. The World Health Organisation said the risk of transmission of Ebola virus disease during air travel is low and it does not recommend any ban on international travel or trade. The FCO is encouraging people to refer to the National Travel Health Network and Centre’s website before travelling to the affected countries, but it has not implemented any travel restrictions. The FCO issued a warning on its website: ‘You should carefully assess your need to travel to these countries. If you do decide to travel, you should make sure you have adequate arrangements in place for onward travel/exit and have adequate emergency health provision.’ Ebola is spread by close contact with organs or bodily fluids from an infected person or animal – living or dead – and there is no proven cure or vaccine. The highly transmissible virus causes haemorrhagic fever that kills as many as 60 per cent to 80 per cent of the people it infects in Africa.
highlights: British Airways says it has cancelled all flights until 31 December . French government has urged its citizens to leave Sierra Leone . World Health Organisation does not recommend any ban on travel or trade .
id: 74a32ceba94175c5dd65cea3c3ed99e1dd0361f0
chatgpt: British Airways has announced that it has cancelled all its flights until the end of the year, citing the current global health crisis as the main reason behind the decision. According to reports, the airline will not be resuming its operations until December 31. This move comes as several countries continue to report a significant surge in COVID-19 cases. While the airline industry has been one of the hardest hit by the pandemic, carriers across the globe have been attempting to find alternative ways to operate safely. However, the decision to discontinue all flights has been seen as a necessary measure as countries continue to report rising numbers of coronavirus cases. In addition to British Airways' decision, the French government has also urged its citizens to leave Sierra Leone, a country that has been hit hard by the pandemic. Reports indicate that the West African nation has recorded over 1,500 confirmed cases of COVID-19, with several fatalities. In a statement released recently, the French Ministry of Foreign Affairs urged its citizens to avoid all non-essential travel to Sierra Leone and advised those who are currently in the country to leave as soon as possible. The statement further noted that the French Embassy in Sierra Leone would provide assistance to its nationals who wish to return home. The World Health Organisation (WHO), however, has declined to recommend any ban on travel or trade despite the increasing number of cases being reported globally. The move by the WHO is in line with its previous guidance on travel restrictions and bans, which it has consistently said were not necessary in the fight against the pandemic. According to the WHO, the most effective way to combat the spread of the virus is through measures such as social distancing, hand hygiene, and wearing face masks. The organisation has called on governments across the world to focus on implementing these measures to curb the spread of COVID-19. The global health crisis has had a significant impact on the airline industry, with several airlines reporting significant losses in revenue due to the pandemic. The decision by British Airways to cancel all its flights until the end of the year is likely to add to the woes of an industry that has been struggling to stay afloat. While the pandemic continues to disrupt travel plans across the world, the airline industry is slowly coming to grips with the new reality. Despite facing significant challenges, carriers are exploring ways to operate safely amid the pandemic, with some implementing stringent measures such as mandatory face masks and temperature checks. In conclusion, the decision by British Airways to cancel all its flights until the end of the year highlights the severity of the current global health crisis. With several countries reporting a significant increase in cases, the move is seen as a necessary measure to curb the spread of COVID-19. While the WHO has declined to recommend any travel bans, it has called on governments to focus on implementing measures such as social distancing and hand hygiene, which are key to containing the virus.