article: It may look like an iPhone 4 but this gadget is in fact a stun gun which has landed a 21-year-old man three years in prison. Marcel Cross was found with the concealed weapon after police were called following reports of a man with a stun gun in Bicester, Oxfordshire. Officers who attended the scene on January 6 discovered Cross with the gun and despite his claims to have purchased it as a novelty item, he was charged with possession of a firearm. This is the stun gun belonging to Marcel Cross, pictured beside a real iPhone 4. The only noticeable difference between the two is the buttons are slightly more prominent on the stun gun version . The real McCoy: The stun gun was made to look like this Apple iPhone 4 (filed photo) The disguised stun guns are sold cheaply on the internet, often under the pretense of self protection. PC Joe Stafford, of Banbury CID, said it had been 'cleverly disguised' to look like a mobile phone and said the prison sentence reflected how serious an offence carrying the disguised weapons were. 'The stun gun had been cleverly disguised as an iPhone 4 mobile phone. Marcel Cross was given a three year prison sentence for possession of the stun gun . There can only be one reason for disguising an item like this and that is to allow a person to carry it without detection. 'The . seriousness of this was reflected in the sentence passed at court. The . sentence should act as a deterrent to others who may consider possessing . a similar item. 'The . defendant claimed to have purchased the weapon from a local market as a . novelty item, but the judge stated that the defendant needed to . recognise the seriousness of the offence. Cross was jailed at . Oxford Crown Court on Monday for three years, for possession of a Section . 5 firearm. Cheap stun guns disguised as the ubiquitous iPhone are becoming steadily more common in the UK. Earlier this year a 14-year-old boy was found to be carrying one of the concealed stun guns and a confused police officer was zapped by it. The dangerous device was found when the schoolboy, who was not identified, was arrested alongside three other teenagers after a bus driver complained he was subjected to vile racist taunts. The guns are mostly manufactured in China and can be bought online for as little as £15, but can be deadly - they are capable of discharging blasts of up to 50,000 volts of electricity. Another variation now on the market includes a stun gun which doubles as an iPhone jacket - meaning it can be used to stun people, or charge your phone.
highlights: Marcel Cross found with stun gun 'cleverly disguised' as iPhone 4 . 21-year-old from Oxfordshire jailed for three years for possessing firearm . Claimed he had purchased weapon from a local market as a novelty item .
id: 4bdb599e7262262ff4ce7f11834f3e4767ccb90b
chatgpt: Marcel Cross, a 21-year-old from Oxfordshire, has been sentenced to three years in jail for possessing a firearm. The weapon in question was a stun gun cleverly disguised as an iPhone 4. During the trial, Cross claimed that he had purchased the weapon from a local market as a novelty item, without realizing that it was a dangerous firearm. However, the judge was not sympathetic to his plea, stating that it was unacceptable for anyone to possess such a dangerous weapon, regardless of whether they knew what it was or not. The court heard that Cross was stopped by police while he was driving in Northamptonshire in March of this year. A search of his vehicle revealed the stun gun, which had been modified to look like an iPhone 4. The gun was found to be in good working order and capable of delivering a powerful electric shock. The prosecution argued that Cross had intended to use the weapon for criminal purposes, and had only claimed it was a novelty item as a defense in court. The judge agreed, noting that the weapon had been modified to make it appear innocuous, and that Cross had taken steps to conceal it during his journey. In sentencing Cross to three years in jail, the judge stated that the possession of such a weapon was a very serious offense, and that he hoped the sentence would serve as a deterrent to others. The case has sparked concerns over the availability of such weapons on the black market. While stun guns are illegal in the UK, they can be purchased online or from illegal sources. Commenting on the case, a spokesperson for the police said: "We take the possession of firearms very seriously, and will take action against anyone who is found to be in possession of such a dangerous weapon. We urge members of the public to report any suspicious activity to us immediately." The case also highlights the importance of staying informed about the law, particularly with regard to dangerous weapons. The police have issued a stern warning to members of the public, reminding them that the possession of stun guns is illegal, and that those caught in possession of such weapons will face serious consequences. As for Cross, he will now spend the next three years in jail, contemplating the serious consequences of his actions. The case should serve as a warning to others that the law will not tolerate the possession of dangerous weapons, regardless of the intentions of the person in possession.