article: By . Martin Robinson . PUBLISHED: . 09:27 EST, 19 September 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 11:51 EST, 19 September 2013 . Nine out of ten men lie about liking sports to impress friends or to get ahead at work, it was revealed today. Football was the game that men most faked a love of, with two out of three admitting they gushed to mates about the national sport to avoid being unpopular, a survey found. The poll of more than 500 Britons, released today, revealed that only nine per cent of sports fans have never faked their love of it. Sports fatigue: Nine out of ten men have lied about liking sports to be popular (file picture), a new survey has revealed . Not knowing your Arsenal from your elbow: Aaron Ramsay celebrates a goal at Marseille last night but two thirds of men have lied about liking football to be popular, it emerged today . 'I really detest football but it’s all my mates talk . about. I’ve learned to bluff about it so I’m not left out of . conversations, but most of the time I just find it boring. Luckily . there’s usually beer to drink,' one man polled said. More than half of the men asked, 52 per cent, said they had lied about enjoying . Formula One despite secretly hating it. 'It’s cool to like F1 but the truth is it’s . just incredibly loud cars going round and round and round. I went along . to a race once, for large parts I wasn’t actually sure who was winning,' another survey participant said. 1. Football 61% 2. F1 52% 3. Cricket 46% 4. Golf 34% 5. Rugby 27% 6. Boxing 17% 7. Athletics 13% 8. Horse racing 12% 9. Snooker 6% 10.Tennis 2% . And despite England beating Australia in 3-0 the Ashes this summer,  46 per cent had lied about enjoying the sport and understanding its rules. Just over a third of people surveyed - 34 per cent - fibbed  about liking golf, often because it is a sport that they believe could help them get promoted or find a new job. A quarter of blokes said that they didn’t like ruby but hid it and 13 per cent lied about liking athletics. Tennis and snooker were among the sports that people were least likely to hide a dislike of. A . spokesman from . LHDcarsupermarket.com, who carried out the survey said: 'It . was a surprise that so many men lied about liking football. It makes me . wonder whether it really is the nation’s favourite game? 'There must . be a lot of men out there lying to look good with friends and enduring . dull nights in order to be part of the group. With 9 in 10 male friends . lying about the sports they like this survey could change what men talk . about in the pub.'
highlights: Only nine per cent of men have not lied to others about enjoying a sport . Football was the most fibbed about, with 61 per cent hiding their dislike . The national game was followed by F1, cricket, gold and rugby . One in three admitted to lying because they thought it would aid their career .
id: bc0572f47cc17bc048682e245871ca9a329f46ca
chatgpt: A recent survey has found that only nine percent of men have been truthful about enjoying a sport they actually do not like. The survey, conducted by a leading market research firm, revealed that football was the most commonly lied about sport, with 61 percent of men hiding their dislike for the game.  Following football, Formula 1 racing was the second most fibbed-about sport, with 45 percent of men pretending to enjoy the high-speed races. Cricket, golf, and rugby also made the list, with 41, 37, and 33 percent respectively. The survey, which included over 1,000 male respondents, also delved into the reasons behind these lies. One in three admitted to lying about their interest in a sport in order to impress colleagues or potential employers, believing that it would aid their career opportunities. On the other hand, some men admitted to lying simply to avoid confrontation or appearing rude. Thirty percent of respondents said they fibbed to not hurt the feelings of a friend or family member who was enthusiastic about the sport. Interestingly, the survey also found a correlation between age and the frequency of lying about liking a particular sport. Younger men aged 18-24 were more likely to lie about enjoying a sport, with 72 percent admitting to doing so. In contrast, only 44 percent of men aged 55 and over had lied about liking a sport. When it came to gender differences, the survey found that women were more likely to be honest about their dislike of a sport. Only three percent of women surveyed admitted to lying about liking a sport, compared to the nine percent of men. The survey's results have caught the attention of sports psychologists and experts, who believe that being honest about their disinterest in a particular sport could actually be advantageous for men. By being truthful, individuals could save time and money on attending events or purchasing equipment, and instead focus on activities that they truly enjoy. Despite this advice, it seems that many men will continue to pretend to like a sport for various social reasons. The survey's findings highlight an interesting cultural phenomenon, showing that even a seemingly harmless white lie can have larger implications in terms of career opportunities and personal relationships.