article: Aaron Ramsey is in a race against time to get fit for Arsenal’s key clash with Manchester City on Saturday after suffering an ankle injury during Wales’s 2-1 victory over Andorra. The midfielder was the victim of some roughhouse treatment and rolled his ankle after receiving a kick. Manager Chris Coleman said the extent of the injury would be revealed in the next 24 hours leaving Arsene Wenger with a selection headache. In pain: Aaron Ramsey limped off injured for Wales in their 2-1 Euro 2016 qualifier win at Andorra . Going down: Ramsey picked up a suspected ankle injury while battling for the ball . Hobble: Ramsey is helped to his feet by a physio but he was unable to continue in Andorra . Twisted it: Chris Coleman says he hopes Ramsey's injury wasn't enough to keep him out for too long . Ramsey was replaced by Emyr Huws in added time and was seen limping away from Andorra’s Estadi Nacional. ‘He got kick on his ankle and twisted it,’ said Coleman. ‘Coming to the end of the game, we've got players with experience so it was pointless taking the risk. I won't do that with any of the players. ‘Hopefully he'll be okay for Arsenal at the weekend but we'll have to see what the next 24-48 hours holds.’ Ice and easy does it: A Wales physio applied immediate treatment to Ramsey's foot after he was substituted . Doubtful: Ramsey's knock now makes him a doubt for Arsenal's  clash with Manchester City on Saturday . Surging run: Ramsey breaks past two defenders during the 2-1 win on Tuesday night . 'There were half a dozen challenges that weren't very good. The ref should have clamped down but he let it go and we are a bit disappointed with that - we had a bit to contend with tonight.' Arsenal host Manchester City at the Emirates Stadium at 12.45pm on Saturday, as the Premier League makes its return following the international break. Gunners boss Arsene Wenger will be desperate for a fully fit squad as they welcome the champions to north London, hoping to pick up three points in a bid to assert themselves as title contenders. VIDEO Arsenal spending doesn't guarantee success - Dein .
highlights: Aaron Ramsey limps off injured in Wales' 2-1 win in Andorra . Arsenal star was substituted with suspected ankle injury in added time . Midfielder was seen with ice pack prompting doubts of his fitness ahead of Gunners' clash with Manchester City on Saturday .
id: 9d7fa47e0fd64b36c3fc69dd690abe4a110e14ef
chatgpt: Aaron Ramsey, the Arsenal midfielder, has suffered a suspected ankle injury while playing for Wales during their 2-1 win over Andorra. Ramsey was substituted in added time with an ice pack strapped to his ankle, raising concerns over his fitness ahead of Arsenal's upcoming match against Manchester City on Saturday.  The 27-year-old was seen limping off the pitch after suffering the injury towards the end of the game. This news will be particularly concerning for Arsenal fans, especially given Ramsey's importance to the team in midfield.  The Welsh midfielder has been in fine form for Arsenal this season, and has featured in all six of their Premier League matches so far. His performances have been key to the Gunners' impressive start to the season, which has seen them win four and draw two of their opening fixtures.  Ramsey has been instrumental in Arsenal's attacking play this season, registering one goal and three assists already. His absence from the team would be a huge blow for the Gunners, who already have a number of injury concerns in midfield.  It remains to be seen how serious Ramsey's injury is, and whether he will be able to play against Manchester City on Saturday. Arsenal will have to wait and see if Ramsey’s recovery from this latest injury is swift and if he will join his teammates for the City game.  The Gunners are currently sitting in third place in the Premier League, just two points behind leaders Liverpool. Their impressive start to the season has given fans renewed hope of challenging for the title, and the news of Ramsey's injury will be a concern.  Arsenal manager, Unai Emery, will be hoping that Ramsey's injury is not too serious, and that the midfielder will be back in action soon. The Gunners face a tough challenge against Manchester City on Saturday, and will need all of their key players fit and firing if they hope to take anything from the game.  In conclusion, Aaron Ramsey's injury is a huge concern for Arsenal fans, who will be hoping that the Welsh midfielder makes a speedy recovery.  His performances have been key for the Gunners this season and his absence could be a big blow to their title challenge. Arsenal fans will be anxiously waiting for updates on the injury as the team prepares to face Manchester City on Saturday.