article: Residents in a tower block have been left baffled by a mysterious 'urine' liquid which is seeping through their ceilings. The bright yellow substance has been dripping through the ceilings into the corridors of the flat complex in Southampton, Hants. Householders in the 15-storey building, are forced to leave buckets out to catch what they call is a 'disgusting' liquid. Resident Angela Chicken says children could be potentially harmed by the substance seeping in Albion Towers . Residents in Albion Towers say they have contacted the local council but the issue still hasn't been resolved. One resident in the Albion Towers complex says she has put out two containers for the mysterious liquid which she says 'smells of the zoo'. Angela Chicken, 52, said: 'We have had water coming through the ceiling before. 'But when I came out and saw it was yellow, I wondered what it was - it looks like urine.' The mother-of-one added: 'It is disgusting and the smell reminds me of the zoo. 'We need the council to come and work out exactly what it is, as there are children who run up and down the corridor.' The local council said residents in one of Southampton's biggest tower blocks should have insurance in place . Another resident, Sandy Smith, said the mysterious liquid was a danger to children in the tower block. Ms Smith, 69, said: 'It's not on. The kids run up and down here – they could potentially touch whatever it is.' Residents have contacted the council but say the issue still hasn't been resolved. Councillor John Noon said: 'I was aware there's some leaking there, I'm not aware of a yellow substance though. 'I'm sure the council will get someone out there to look at it as soon as possible, and I shall look into it myself.' A council spokesman said: 'Naturally we will do everything we can to ensure that the situation is rectified as soon and safely as possible. 'We also highly recommend that residents have the appropriate contents insurance cover in place.'
highlights: Residents in tower block baffled by 'urine' like liquid seeping in building . Locals in Albion Towers say council in Southampton haven't fixed problem . Forced to leave out buckets to catch the liquid which 'smells like a zoo' But council claims it's doing everything to ensure problem is 'rectified'
id: 055a2050b2fc1eb5ef8f34f2932b8cc65921f8f2
chatgpt: Residents in Albion Towers, a tower block in Southampton, are dealing with a strange and unpleasant problem. They are baffled by a yellowish liquid that is seeping into their building, and that has a distinct smell of urine. According to locals, the problem has been going on for quite some time, and the council has been slow to deal with it. Some residents have resorted to leaving out buckets to catch the liquid, which they say smells like a zoo. They are concerned not only about the smell, but also about the potential health hazards of the liquid. They fear it could carry diseases or cause mold to grow in their homes. The council, however, has claimed that it is doing everything it can to rectify the problem. In a statement, a spokesperson for the council said: "We are aware of the issue at Albion Towers and are working to resolve it as quickly as possible. We have been investigating the cause of the problem and have identified some issues with the plumbing that we are working to fix. We understand the frustration of the residents and are doing everything in our power to ensure that the problem is rectified." Despite these assurances, some residents remain skeptical. They say that the council has been slow to respond to their complaints, and that they feel neglected and ignored. Some have even suggested that the council is not taking the problem seriously, and that they are more concerned with saving money than with the wellbeing of the residents. It is not clear how long it will take for the council to fix the problem, or whether the residents will be satisfied with the outcome. For now, they continue to deal with the unpleasant smell and the potential health hazards of the mysterious yellow liquid. They are hoping that the council will take their concerns seriously and work to resolve the issue as soon as possible.