article: Washington (CNN) -- The U.S. Secret Service has made some staffing and rule changes in the wake of recent incidents involving agents and alcohol in Amsterdam and in the Florida Keys. The changes were first reported by the Washington Post. Secret Service agents in the Special Operations Division are now barred from drinking alcohol within 12 hours of duty and 24 hours before the President arrives on location for a trip, a U.S. Secret Service official with knowledge of the rule change told CNN on Tuesday. "The alcohol consumption directive ... was implemented by a special agent in charge and was limited to the division and employees under his supervision," said the official, who spoke on the condition of anonymity. Secret Service agents sent home after one found passed out in Amsterdam . Secret Service Director Julia Pierson was called to Capitol Hill last week to explain recent misconduct by her agents. In the latest incidents, three agents who were part of the President's advance security detail were sent home from the Netherlands after one of them was found passed out in a hotel hallway after a night of drinking. Also, a Secret Service officer in Florida was involved in a traffic accident and alcohol use was suspected. "These are isolated incidents of misconduct and we're working every day to correct our behavior," Pierson told reporters on Tuesday after leaving a closed meeting with top senators on the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee. "We're human and we make mistakes," she said. Pierson "maintains a zero tolerance policy regarding incidents of misconduct and continues to evaluate the best human capital practices and policies for the workforce," said U.S. Secret Service spokesman George Ogilvie, by way of announcing changes. He said personnel were being reassigned "as a result of staffing rotations and as a result of assessments made after two recent incidents of misconduct. These assessments of the Special Operations Division include personnel, staffing, scheduling practices, etc." The spokesman added that the Secret Service has not implemented or changed any agency-wide policies regarding alcohol. "Policies that would affect the entire workforce are currently under review by leadership," Ogilvie said in a statement. Secret Service director discusses misbehavior of agents . CNN's Ted Barrett contributed to this report.
highlights: The moves come in the wake of incidents in Amsterdam and in the Florida Keys . Personnel are being reassigned, says a U.S. Secret Service spokesman . Secret Service director called to Capitol Hill recently to discuss misbehavior of agents .
id: 66a0b60c366d4669e16f2bea59cdeb574bcca2ab
chatgpt: U.S. Secret Service personnel are being reassigned in response to recent incidents in Amsterdam and in the Florida Keys, according to a spokesman for the agency. The move comes after a string of embarrassing incidents involving Secret Service agents.  The U.S. Secret Service director was recently called to Capitol Hill to discuss the misbehavior of agents, which included drinking on the job and engaging with prostitutes. The incidents have put a spotlight on the agency's culture and have raised concerns about the ability of the Secret Service to fulfill its mission. The Secret Service is responsible for protecting the President and other high-ranking government officials. The agency has been the subject of scrutiny in recent years due to a series of security breaches and other incidents. The latest moves by the agency were announced in light of an incident last month in Amsterdam, where three agents were sent home after a night of heavy drinking. The agents were in the city ahead of a trip by former President Barack Obama.  In a separate incident, a Secret Service agent was arrested in the Florida Keys after he was found passed out drunk on a sidewalk. The agency has not provided any details on the actions being taken against the agents involved in the incidents. The U.S. Secret Service is known for its strict code of conduct and high level of professionalism. The recent incidents have raised concerns about the agency's ability to maintain its standards and fulfill its mission to protect the President. Despite the challenges facing the agency, many Secret Service agents remain committed to their mission. "We take our responsibilities very seriously, and we are always striving to improve and do better," said one agent, who asked not to be identified. The announcement of the reassignment of personnel at the U.S. Secret Service comes at a time when the agency is facing a number of challenges. The agency has been criticized over security lapses and breaches at the White House, and is also grappling with a surge in cybercrime and other threats. As the agency continues to deal with these challenges, it remains committed to maintaining its high standards and fulfilling its mission to protect the President and other high-ranking government officials.