article: (CNN) -- Barcelona's money problems are worse than expected, according to the Spanish champions' financial vice-president Javier Faus. A new audit by accounting firm Deloitte revealed that the Catalan giants actually made a loss of €77.1 million ($100 million) for the 2009-10 season, Faus said in a statement on the Barca website on Tuesday. The previous board had announced the club was €11 million ($14 million) in profit up to the end of last month, when president Joan Laporta stood down to be replaced by Sandro Rosell. "The accounts submitted on June 30 do not reflect the true picture of the club," Faus said. Deloitte's audit showed that income had been overstated by $47 million and expenses understated by $61 million. With an $89 million operating loss, Deloitte also found $14 million in further financial expenses to be countered by $3.9 million after-tax profits. Net debt has risen to $573 million from $427 million a year ago, while gross debt is now $716 million. Barcelona had to take a loan of $200 million after struggling to pay player wages last month, and -- after signing Spain striker David Villa for $50 million -- sold defender Dymtro Chygrynskiy to Shakhtar Donetsk and let high earner Thierry Henry join New York Red Bulls. "There is a structural problem. The sporting excellence in the last few years has not been reflected in economic excellence. The new board's goal is to bring economic excellence alongside sporting excellence," Faus said. Part of the problems lay in the bankruptcy of broadcaster Mediapro, with Barca claiming the club is owed $49 million by new rights-holder Sogecable. Meanwhile, Spanish rivals Real Madrid have allowed highly-rated young fullback Marcos Alonso to join English club Bolton. The left-back, 19, has agreed a three-year contract, having made only one first-team appearance as a substitute in April after coming through the youth ranks. He follows veteran stars Raul and Guti in departing the Bernabeu this week.
highlights: Spanish champions Barcvelona lost $100 million last season according to new audit . Outgoing board had said the club had made a profit of $14 million for the same period . Financial vice-president Javier Faus says previous accounts did not show true picture . Real Madrid let young defender Marcos Alonso join English club Bolton .
id: 77ff6c4a0964f5818f69accff13284478271b187
chatgpt: Barcelona, the Spanish champions, were believed to have made a profit of $14 million last season. However, according to a new audit, the club actually lost $100 million instead. The outgoing board had previously announced the supposed profit which now appears to be false information. The financial vice-president, Javier Faus, stated that the previous accounts did not show a true picture of the club's finances. As a result, the club has suffered major financial losses. It remains unclear how the information was miscommunicated and for how long the club had been using the misleading figures. This revelation is a big blow to Barcelona considering that they have been dealing with financial difficulties in the past few years. Despite dominating the football scene in Spain and Europe, the club has been facing significant financial challenges, which have prevented them from making major signings in the transfer market. The situation at Barcelona contrasts with that at their arch-rivals, Real Madrid, who have been doing well despite the economic slowdown caused by the Covid-19 pandemic. In fact, the Spanish giants recently let one of their promising young defenders, Marcos Alonso, join English club Bolton on a permanent basis. Alonso is an exciting young prospect and could become one of the best left-backs in Europe, given his talent and potential. The move shows that even when the club’s rivals are facing financial challenges, Real Madrid can still afford to lose promising talents and bring in new players to maintain their position as one of the best teams in the world. It remains to be seen how Barcelona will recover from this major financial loss. They will have to come up with a clear strategy to address their financial difficulties, which could force them to sell some of their best players in the future to balance the books. Ultimately, though, it is clear that both Barcelona and Real Madrid will continue to dominate the football scene. Only time will tell whether Barcelona will be able to return to their previous financial glory, while Real Madrid continue to make calculated decisions amidst the challenging times.