article: Islamabad, Pakistan (CNN) -- At least 30 people were killed in Karachi on Monday night and Tuesday, the latest deaths in cycle of ethnic and political violence in Pakistan's commercial capital. On Sunday, 60 motorcycles and five vehicles were burned in the city, said Murtaza Ali, a Karachi police official. The violence has killed more than 1,000 people this year, according to the Human Rights Commission of Pakistan. Nearly 200 people were slain in July alone. The rampant violence appears to have little to do with the Taliban and other Islamist extremist groups that are viewed by western leaders as Pakistan's most pressing security problem. Rather, police and government officials say the violence is fueled by bitter ethnic rivalries and political parties vying for power in this mega-melting pot, home to roughly 15 million people from at least a half-a-dozen ethnic groups. Three political parties are usually at the center of the fight for power in Karachi: the Muttahida Qaumi Movement (MQM), the Awami National Party (ANP), and Pakistan's People Party (PPP). The PPP, led by Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari, considers Karachi its political base, but politics here is dominated by the MQM, which represents "muhajirs," the descendants of immigrants from India decades ago. In recent years, the MQM's power has been challenged by the ANP, a secular party that represents ethnic Pashtuns. Hundreds of thousands of ANP supporters have migrated south to Karachi because of the militant violence in their home region of northwest Pakistan. Analysts say a general lack of law and order has allowed supporters of these parties to adopt a gang mentality. Like gangs, the factions often control different regions of Karachi that are usually off-limits to rivals.
highlights: 60 motorcycles were burned Sunday, police say . Police blame the rampant violence in Karachi on ethnic and political rivalries . More than 1,000 people have been killed this year . Three political parties are in a bitter power feud .
id: 9124fc716693534c4848391dfbd288da958ac375
chatgpt: Over the weekend, Karachi saw another bout of violence as 60 motorcycles were set ablaze in different parts of the city. According to the police, the fires were ignited due to ethnic and political rivalries, which have been causing mayhem throughout the town. Unfortunately, this is not an isolated incident. This year alone, more than a thousand innocent people have lost their lives, and the situation shows no signs of improvement. The political scenario in Karachi is at an all-time low, with three political parties fighting a bitter power feud. The situation is so dire that the citizens of Karachi are living in constant fear for their lives. They have become accustomed to hearing loud explosions, gunshots and instances of arson every day. The city's infrastructure is crumbling under the weight of this violence, with damaged buildings, broken roads and burnt-out vehicles scattered throughout the city. The police are overstretched and seem incapable of containing the situation. Residents are losing faith in the government's ability to protect them. The political parties have not been able to find common ground for an amicable resolution, and the fierce power battle continues, with the innocent citizens caught in the crossfire. The primary victims of these violent acts are the common people who bear the brunt of these clashes. They are living in a state of perpetual terror, not knowing when the next bout of violence will strike and whether they will be the next victims of the violence that seems to have taken hold of the city. The situation is dire and calls for immediate intervention from the Government. Action must be taken to curb the violence and restore peace in the city. Until then, Karachi's citizens will continue to live in fear, wondering whether they will be the next ones to fall prey to Karachi's growing epidemic of violence.