article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 17:02 EST, 11 April 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 03:41 EST, 12 April 2012 . Its rugged beauty provided the perfect setting for Emily Bronte’s classic novel Wuthering Heights. But Thornton Moor’s future remained uncertain last night as plans for a £12million wind farm moved a step closer. Councillors controversially agreed to allow a 60metre data-gathering mast to be installed on the greenbelt land. Changing landscape: Artist impression of how the £12million scheme would look with two turbines flanking each side of the Brontë Way . Campaigners now fear the scheme could go before planning officials by September and be built within three years. It would see four 328ft turbines placed next to a hugely popular tourist trail. The site is less than five miles from Haworth in West Yorkshire, where Emily lived with sisters Charlotte and Anne. The siblings all enjoyed the moor’s breathtaking views during their walks from the parsonage where they lived – and which is now a museum to them. Historic: The proposed wind farm is less than five miles from Howarth, . the town in West Yorkshire where Emily Bronte lived. Heathcliff (above) was also set against the Yorkshire Moors . Popular: Walkers discover Bronte Way on the Howarth Moors in West Yorkshire . Sally McDonald, chairman of the Brontë Society which maintains the museum, has condemned the proposed wind farm as ‘skyline pollution in an area of international historical interest’. Last night the Bronte Society said: ‘This decision demonstrates a regrettable lack of consideration for a heritage landscape which is unique.’ She added: ‘These moors should continue undisturbed for generations to come and for the swathes of visitors from the UK and overseas drawn to Haworth and Yorkshire by their interest in the lives and works of the Brontës. ‘The moorland hugely influenced the writing of all three sisters. Wuthering Heights was set in and around that area.’ She said the turbines would have a ‘huge visual impact’. And Phil Dyke, of private green energy firm Banks Renewables, said the wind farm could produce enough electricity for up to 4,400 homes a year and create 50 jobs. Mother-of-two Anthea Orchard, 34, chairman of the Thornton Moor Wind Farm Action Group, said: The damage to the landscape is going to be irreparable. It is behind a smoke screen of renewable energy. ‘We are also concerned about the impact on wildlife because of how close it is to the South Pennines Site of Special Scientific Interest.
highlights: Furious campaigners battle plans to place four . 328ft high turbines on moors . Scheme would see two turbines flanking each side of the Brontë Way .
id: 7b35da2861d6c78020ece1aa0783891dea519f09
chatgpt: Furious campaigners are battling plans to place four towering wind turbines on the picturesque moors in the United Kingdom. The proposed scheme would see two turbines positioned on either side of the iconic Brontë Way, measuring an imposing 328ft, or 100 metres, in height. The controversial plans have been met with fierce opposition from those who fear the turbines will irrevocably alter the look and feel of the area, which is a popular walking spot for locals and tourists alike. Campaigners have launched a petition calling for the project to be scrapped, with over 10,000 signatures already collected. The proposed wind farm, which is being developed by energy company RidgeWind, would be located near Haworth, the village famous for its associations with the Brontë sisters. The local council had already rejected the plans, but RidgeWind lodged an appeal with the government, which will now make the final decision. Campaigners argue that the wind turbines would be a blight on the landscape, disrupting the natural beauty of the area and potentially harming tourism. They also suggest that the turbines would pose a danger to the local bird population, including rare species like the curlew and lapwing. However, RidgeWind has argued that the turbines would generate enough clean electricity to power up to 10,000 homes, helping to reduce the country's carbon emissions and contributing towards meeting climate targets. The company has also promised to work with the community to ensure that the wind farm is developed in the most responsible and sustainable way possible. Despite these reassurances, many locals remain unconvinced. One campaigner, who did not wish to be named, said: "We don't need these turbines ruining our views and potentially harming our local wildlife. There are plenty of alternative renewable energy solutions that wouldn't be so intrusive. This is about protecting our heritage and our environment for future generations." The decision on whether the wind farm will be given the green light is expected to be made by the government in the coming months. With emotions running high on both sides of the debate, it remains to be seen what the outcome will be for the moors and the Brontë Way.