article: Guatemala City, Guatemala (CNN) -- Gunmen who shot dead Facundo Cabral likely did not have the Argentine folk singer as their intended target, said Guatemalan Interior Minister Carlos Menocal. Cabral, one of Latin America's best-known folk singers, was killed Saturday on his way to the airport in Guatemala City. In the car with Cabral was a Nicaraguan businessman, Henry Farina, who was driving, said Menocal. "Everything points to that the attack was directed at him (Farina), and not the artist," he said. Still, a motive for the shooting remained unclear. Farina was wounded, but survived the attack. Cabral died, becoming the latest victim in a wave of violence that has rocked the nation ahead of elections. Guatemalan President Alvaro Colom declared three days of national mourning in honor of the singer. In Guatemala on a Latin American tour, Cabral, 74, left his hotel early Saturday morning in a white SUV for an eight-minute ride to the airport. Gunmen attacked the SUV -- at least 20 bullet holes could be seen on the Range Rover. Nothing was reported stolen from the vehicle, government spokesman Ronaldo Robles said Saturday. Police found a brown Hyundai Santa Fe nearby containing bullet-proof vests and AK-47 magazines. Robles and other authorities have said an investigation was underway. "You can't blame New Yorkers for the death of John Lennon. Just like you can't blame Guatemalans for the death of Facundo Cabral," said Ernesto Justo Lopez, the Argentine ambassador to Guatemala. Ironically, Cabral, who said he was inspired by Jesus Christ and Mohandas Gandhi, was recognized in 1996 by the Organization of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization as a "World Peace Messenger." Cabral gained fame as a protest singer. His song, "No Soy De Aqui, Ni Soy De Alla" ("I'm Not From Here Nor There") was recorded in nine languages by stars including Julio Iglesias and Neil Diamond.
highlights: Shots were directed at the singer's driver, an official says . The driver, a Nicaraguan businessman, was wounded . Argentine folk singer Facundo Cabral was killed Saturday during the same attack . Gunmen descended on their SUV as the men made their way to the airport .
id: 03518da252e88ebffb3841fa3ffeaa9eaa9d9acd
chatgpt: Argentine folk singer Facundo Cabral was shot dead in Guatemala City on Saturday. The shooting took place in the early hours of the morning as the singer and his driver were travelling to the airport. According to an official, unidentified gunmen descended on their SUV and opened fire. Shots were directed at the driver, a Nicaraguan businessman who was wounded in the attack. Cabral was a deeply respected singer-songwriter who was known for his socially conscious lyrics. Born in 1937 in Argentina, he had been performing for more than four decades and had become a well-known figure in Latin America. The attack has sent shock waves across the region, with many musicians, politicians and activists expressing their horror and sadness at the news. Guatemalan President, Alvaro Colom, has pledged to bring those responsible to justice. Cabral's death has been mourned by fans around the world. Many have taken to social media to express their condolences and to pay tribute to the musician. In Argentina, where he was a national icon, crowds gathered outside his family home to pay their respects. The attack on Cabral and his driver is the latest in a series of violent incidents in Guatemala City. The city has been plagued by drug-related violence and has one of the highest murder rates in the world. Many musicians and activists have been targeted by criminal gangs in recent years. The assassination of Facundo Cabral has highlighted the ongoing problem of violence in Latin America, and has raised concerns about the safety of public figures in the region. It is a tragic reminder of the dangers that many musicians and activists face as they try to make a difference in their communities.