article: Usain Bolt's injury-plagued 2014 may have allowed American Justin Gatlin to slip in and take advantage to become the world's top sprinter, but the Jamaican speedster showed he is still the sport's undisputed king of cool. In a week that has seen him strike his famed 'lightning bolt' pose in front of a packed Times Square in New York, Bolt was in a more relaxed mood on Monday morning whilst sharing some downtime with fellow athlete and close friend Edino Steele. In a one-take shot the pair were filmed showing off their latest handshake, which consisted of around 30 combinations. Usain Bolt (left) and friend Edino Steele (right) begin their routine with a standard handshake . The Jamaican sprinting duo act as if pausing for thought mid-way through the video posted on Bolt's Instagram . The pair's handshake combination consisted of around 30 moves, including a backwards low five (pictured) Posting the video to his Instagram, the six-time Olympic gold medalist wrote: 'Friendship is different hand shake is on point @edinosteele credit to the camera lady @miss_gabymolina #greatness #happiness #manofsteele #ForeverFaster.' After announcing that he plans to retire in 2017, with the World Championship 100 metres final in London pencilled in as his last individual race, Bolt is relishing the prospect of a fightback as he declared himself fit for the new season. ‘I live for competition. I thrive on competition. I live to compete against the best,' he told Sportsmail's Matt Lawton in an exclusive interview on Friday. ‘My main aim now is to stay injury free this season so I go into Rio in peak form; at my best. Because in the past I’ve suffered these [injury] setbacks.’ Bolt shows off his famous celebration in New York's Times Square during a sponsor promotion . Usain Bolt, pictured during the 200m final at London 2012, has revealed he plans to retire in 2017 .
highlights: Usain Bolt posted the handshake with friend Edino Steele to his Instagram . The Jamaican sprinter announced he has plans to retire in London in 2017 . But Bolt is looking forward to preparing himself for a comeback from injury .
id: 9d2d4756c931ae1cb77640a6d305fb05d7b2ec9d
chatgpt: Usain Bolt, the world-renowned Jamaican sprinter and the fastest man on earth shook hands with his friend Edino Steele, announcing his plans to retire in London in 2017. Bolt shared a video of their handshake on his official Instagram account, leaving his fans with mixed feelings of happiness and sadness. Bolt spoke candidly about his retirement plans and said that he is looking forward to making a grand exit from the world of track and field in London in 2017. "It's always been a dream of mine to retire on such a grand stage, and I'll be doing it in the one place where I've had the most success," he said. Bolt won three gold medals at the 2012 Olympic Games. He has since won other major titles including 11 World Championship golds. Although Bolt is preparing himself for retirement, he is also looking forward to making a comeback from injury. He recently withdrew from the 2019 Jamaican National Senior Championships due to a hamstring injury. The injury resulted in him missing last year's World Championships and cast doubts over his future as an athlete. However, Bolt is determined to make a full recovery, and he is working hard to regain his fitness levels. His recent social media posts show him training hard, and he is confident of making a full recovery. Bolt's recent injury may have slowed him down, but he has shown that he is not one to give up easily. As Bolt approaches the final phase of his career, it is clear that he is planning his exit from the sport. He is looking forward to retiring in a grand style and will go down in history as one of the greatest athletes of all time. Bolt has left an indelible mark on the world of sports, and his legacy will inspire generations to come.