article: (CNN) -- Good luck recognizing Kevin Smith these days. The director and sometime actor has not only slimmed down, he also shaved, which has left him looking decidedly less Kevin Smith-like. According to his Instagram account, Smith has lost 20 pounds after going off added and processed sugars for a few weeks. "Day 17 of no added or processed sugar. Down 20 pounds. Feeling so good, I'm hiking the hills with my wiener out," read the caption on a photo of him walking his dachshund. Not content to stop at the weight loss, Smith also shaved his famous beard. "Look at this goofy spaz," Smith wrote on Instagram. "This is me, beardless, for the #YogaHosers green screen shoot. #FaceBrazilian." "Yoga Hosers" is a new film written and directed by Smith. IMDb describes the plot as "Two teenage yoga enthusiasts team up with a legendary man-hunter to battle with an ancient evil presence that is threatening their major party plans." The film is set for a 2015 release. The director isn't the only well-known person to shed some weight lately. According to the New York Daily News, the Rev. Al Sharpton has shrunk from a high of 305 pounds to recently weighing in at 129.6 pounds. The activist and commentator said he got the weight off by cutting out red meat and then most other foods until he got down to just having tea, toast and juice for breakfast and fruit, tea and a salad with a hard-boiled egg at lunch. Like Smith, he exercises and stays away from added and processed sugars. Sharpton found that the less he ate, the less he missed food. "I could take all the cartoons in the tabloid newspapers, but I couldn't take my daughter punching me in the belly and asking why I was so fat," he told the paper. "That was my inspiration to lose the weight. And probably the last time anyone hurt my feelings."
highlights: Filmmaker Kevin Smith gave up added and processed sugars to lose about 20 pounds . He also shaved his beard for a new movie, "Yoga Hosers" The Rev. Al Sharpton's weight has dropped to about 130 pounds .
id: 4d44c065203c2f980831962af4bb532aa12b25a1
chatgpt: Filmmaker Kevin Smith has lost around 20 pounds by cutting out added and processed sugars from his diet. Smith, 49, revealed his weight loss journey on social media, saying he had "shrunk a wee bit" after changing his diet to exclude sugary products. Smith also made a physical change for his role in the upcoming movie "Yoga Hosers" by shaving off his trademark beard. Smith has been known to be candid about his health and weight loss struggles in the past. In 2018, he suffered a near-fatal heart attack, which he initially mistook for indigestion. After recovering from the cardiac arrest, Smith focused on his health and started to adopt a healthier lifestyle. Given his new diet and exercise regimen, Smith is rapidly shedding the pounds. He is also excited to see the results of his weight loss transformation. He shared on social media that he has already bought new clothes to fit into his slimmer physique. Meanwhile, the Rev. Al Sharpton's fans are also amazed at the iconic civil rights leader's dramatic weight loss. Sharpton, who is no stranger to the public eye, has lost almost 140 pounds over the last few years after adopting a strict vegan diet. Sharpton, who is now 67, shrunk from 305 pounds to 130 pounds. He revealed in an interview that his motivation for shedding the weight was due to a pre-diabetic diagnosis that he received in 2016. After making the switch to a plant-based diet, Sharpton has been able to reverse his diagnosis, becoming a symbol of hope for others with similar health struggles. In conclusion, Kevin Smith and Rev. Al Sharpton's inspiring and successful weight loss journeys serve as a positive example of how changes in diet and lifestyle can promote better health and well-being. Both men have shown that discipline and perseverance can help anyone achieve their goals. It is hoped that their stories will motivate others to adopt healthier habits and make the necessary changes to live better, fuller lives.