article: (CNN) -- A top Mexican drug trafficker has been arrested by Mexican police, authorities said Wednesday. Luis Rodriguez Olivera, alias "El Guero," was arrested at Mexico City's airport Tuesday, federal police said in a statement. The United States was offering a $5 million reward for information leading to Rodriguez's capture. Rodriguez, 39, is accused of money laundering and importing, possessing and distributing cocaine into the United States. According to Mexico's Ministry of Public Security, Rodriguez and his brothers Esteban, Daniel and Miguel were part of a criminal ring known as Los Gueritos, who smuggled drugs into the United States between 1996 and 2008. The crew worked under the leadership of Mexico's most-wanted fugitive, Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman, the leader of the Sinaloa cartel. Of the other brothers, Esteban was arrested in 2008, and Miguel was killed in a shootout in August, the ministry said. The Rodriguez brothers were indicted in New York in 2009 for drug trafficking. The U.S. State Department offered the hefty reward for Luis Rodriguez's capture. While Mexican authorities said Wednesday that Rodriguez was associated with the Sinaloa cartel, U.S. officials offered a slightly different biography of the trafficker. According to American authorities, Rodriguez and his gang broke away from El Chapo's federation around 2005 and tried to work independently. Eventually, pressured by the Sinaloa and Gulf cartels, the Rodriguez brothers moved their operations to Leon, Guanajuato, and established a strong relationship with the Zetas drug cartel. Rodriguez's arrest was the second important drug trafficking arrest made in two weeks. Last week, Mexican army special forces arrested a top lieutenant for El Chapo. Troops arrested Felipe Cabrera Sarabia in the northwestern state of Sinaloa. Cabrera, who was responsible for the activities of the Sinaloa cartel in Durango and the southern part of the state of Chihuahua, was detained after fleeing from Durango, officials said. He is charged with possessing firearms reserved for use by the army and falsification of a public document, officials said.
highlights: Luis Rodriguez Olivera was arrested Tuesday at Mexico City airport . Authorities say he has worked for several cartels . The United States offered a $5 million reward for him .
id: 0f1ccdbd178988ecfe804baeb22fc009930784b9
chatgpt: Mexican authorities arrested a man on Tuesday at Mexico City's airport who is believed to have worked for several drug cartels. The apprehended indivdual is identified as Luis Rodriguez Olivera, who had been sought after by authorities for years. The United States had even offered a $5 million reward for information leading to his capture. According to official sources, Olivera is accused of trafficking drugs into the United States and was reportedly involved in a number of violent crimes. He is alleged to have been a member of various criminal  organizations, which have wreaked havoc in Mexico in recent years. The Mexican government, which has made concerted efforts to crack down on drug cartels, welcomed Olivera’s arrest. It is feared that US and Mexican officials had credible information suggesting that Olivera was responsible for several high-profile crimes, including kidnappings, extortion, and murder. The arrest of Olivera was carried out by Mexican security forces at the airport. He was identified by facial recognition technology as he stepped off a flight from the city of Culiacán, which has long been known as a stronghold for Mexican drug cartels. Mexican President, Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, has made fighting drug crimes a top priority for his administration. He has been working closely with US officials to contain the drug-related violence that has gripped the country in recent years. The Mexican government has been battling drug cartels, which have been behind a wave of violence and crime in the country. The cartels have been involved in the illegal drug trade, human trafficking, kidnapping and extortion, amongst other crimes. In recent years, Mexican authorities have made significant progress in their efforts to weaken drug cartels. The country has extradited several cartel leaders to the United States and intensified its cooperation with the federal government to undermine the criminal networks. It remains to be seen what fate lies ahead for Luis Rodriguez Olivera. However, his arrest provides a significant boost to the anti-drug efforts taking place in Mexico and brings hope to the people of the country who yearn for a society that is safe from the tyranny of drugs and violence.