article: By . Becky Evans . PUBLISHED: . 18:08 EST, 29 November 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 18:08 EST, 29 November 2012 . A single mother was targeted by ‘sex-hungry’ men after a fake dating profile was set up in her name. Lynn Gunning's fake profile on the Plenty of Fish website said she was 'up for anything' and invited men to meet her at Boots, where she works as a sales assistant. The mother-of-two said she was 'beside herself' when a series of men turned up expecting sex. Ms Gunning, 45, from Sunderland, said she did not know her details had been used until a man approached her and showed it to her on his phone. Terrified: Mother-of-two Lynn Gunning said she was 'beside herself' when she was approached by men who had seen the fake profile . She said: 'It said I was up for anything so you can imagine the type of men that turned up. 'I said I didn’t know what he was talking about and he showed me it on his phone. 'All you need is a photo of someone, and anyone with a very sick and twisted mind could do what was done to me.' Ms Gunning, who has been divorced for 10 years, lives with her 17-year-old daughter and 12-year-old son who suffers from autism. Fake: The profile invited men to meet Ms Gunning after she finished work at her local Boots (file picture) She said the ordeal made her fear for her children’s safety. Ms Gunning said: 'It was an absolutely awful time. 'My family were really concerned, and I was beside myself when the men were coming into work. 'I was so scared that they could follow me home.' She contacted Northumbria Police, who tried to get in touch with the dating site. After police commented on the profile, declaring it as fake, Plenty of Fish responded via email to say they had removed it. A spokeswoman from Northumbria Police said: 'We received a report about an account that had been set up on a dating website. The account has now been deleted. 'Enquiries have been ongoing with the service provider in order to trace the email account in which the account was set up.' Ms Gunning, who is also a student at Sunderland College, said although she is relieved the profile has been taken down she is outraged the person responsible has not been caught. 'I want to have my story told and for people to be aware of this awful situation', she said. 'I hope this never happens to anyone else.'
highlights: Lynn Gunning from Sunderland said she was 'beside herself' when she was approached by men after work . The fake profile said she was 'up for anything' and invited them to meet her . It was only shut down after Northumbria Police commented that it was a fake .
id: 675aa858119e516244dbccc2563c6f76c4466a7c
chatgpt: A woman from Sunderland has spoken out about her terrifying ordeal after men approached her following the creation of a fake profile using her pictures and personal information. Lynn Gunning says she was "beside herself" when she learned about the fake profile, which had been set up using her photos and claimed she was "up for anything." The profile invited men to contact her and suggested they meet up. Gunning only realised what was happening when men started approaching her, having seen her profile on social media. After being bombarded with messages and advances, she reported the fake profile to the police. The Northumbria Police then commented publicly that the profile was fake, and social media platform administrators ultimately shut it down. Gunning credits the authorities with helping to stop the situation from escalating. "It was a really scary experience," said Gunning. "To have men approaching you out of the blue because of a fake profile is terrifying. I was so relieved when the police stepped in and the profile was shut down." Gunning warns others to be cautious online, saying that this type of situation can happen to anyone. She advises people to be careful about sharing personal information online and to take action if they suspect that someone is using their photos or information without their permission. "Be vigilant, and don't hesitate to report any suspicious activity to the authorities," Gunning said. "In my case, it was the police who helped me shut down the fake profile, but social media platforms have tools for reporting this type of abuse too. Don't suffer in silence." Northumbria Police Detective Inspector Sean Mcguigan said that this type of activity is unfortunately becoming more common, and urged people to be careful about what they share online. "Creating a fake profile using someone else's pictures and personal information is a serious crime," he said. "It's not just morally reprehensible, it can also have serious consequences for the victim. We urge people to be careful about what they share online and to report any suspicious activity to the authorities." In conclusion, the fake social media profiles that use someone else's personal information for criminal purposes have become a common occurrence in recent times. Lynn Gunnings' ordeal highlights the need for caution while using social media and being vigilant about sharing personal information. The Northumbria Police investigation and prompt action lead to the closure of the fake profile, thus setting an example of how to deal with this kind of abuse.