article: (CNN) -- Major questions hang over the investigation into a deadly accident involving an Amtrak passenger train and a tractor-trailer truck, and it could take up to a year for investigators to come up with answers, a federal official said Sunday. At least 20 people listed on the manifest for the California Zephyr have not been accounted for by authorities, National Transportation Safety Board member Earl Weener told reporters at a news conference. Officials have been trying to resolve the discrepancy since Friday, when a tractor-trailer truck slammed into the Chicago-to-California Amtrak train at a railroad crossing east of Reno, Nevada, killing six people. Weener told reporters at an earlier news conference that investigators believed the discrepancy in passenger numbers arose because some people had either already gotten off the train or bought a ticket but did not take the train. There are also troubling discoveries about the trucking company involved in the crash, John Davies Trucking of Battle Mountain, Nevada. Records indicate that the company had 19 previous safety violations, Weener said. But he warned that further inquiry was in order, since officials didn't have the "context" to put the violations in perspective. The NTSB is planning to visit the company this week. Investigators will review records for the company and the driver, Weener said. They will examine the driver's health and medical history as well as his training and experience, he said. The investigation could take up to a year to complete, Weener said, adding that this is the "fact-finding" portion of the inquiry. The trucking company, which advertises itself as a family-owned business that hauls concrete, did not immediately respond to a CNN request for comment. "An investigation of this sort has many different facets," Weener said. "As we've gotten into the investigation we've realized there are other skills and specialties that we need, such as fire inspectors ... there are just a lot of loose ends that you have to tie up as fast as you can." Weener said portions of the truck are still embedded in a rail car, making it difficult for investigators to do an assessment. Authorities do not believe the accident was caused by a problem with the safety measures at the intersection where the accident occurred. It has cantilevers, lights, crossing gates, signs and crossbar markings on the pavement, Weener said. Additionally, the light that warns of an approaching train is set to flash for a period that's longer than the federal standard. The 10-car train was carrying 204 passengers and 14 crew members when the accident happened, according to an Amtrak statement released Friday. Skid marks show the driver of the truck involved in the crash slammed on his brakes and slid more than 300 feet before hitting the train, Weener said at an earlier news conference. The slide sparked a fire that burned the truck and two train cars, he said. CNN's Kim Hutcherson contributed to this report .
highlights: NEW: Investigators to review records of trucking company and driver, NTSB says . At least 20 people listed on train manifest are unaccounted for . Trucking company involved in accident had multiple violations . Six people died in collision between train and tractor-trailer Friday .
id: 22c239ac6dadb2a1e67eaa719b97411eeb538026
chatgpt: After the tragic collision between a train and a tractor-trailer on Friday, investigators are delving into the records of the trucking company and driver responsible for the accident. The National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) announced that they will review the company's history to determine if any violations or negligence played a role in the collision. At least 20 people listed on the train manifest are still unaccounted for, according to officials. The collision occurred when the tractor-trailer attempted to cross the train tracks and was struck by the oncoming locomotive. Several train cars derailed and were scattered across the tracks, causing chaos and destruction. Six people tragically lost their lives as a result of the accident. The trucking company involved in the collision has a history of multiple violations, as compiled by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration (FMCSA). The FMCSA lists over a dozen violations for the company, ranging from failing to properly maintain their vehicles to driving beyond the designated hours of service. This incident comes as a wake-up call for the industry as a whole, with many calling for stricter regulations to ensure the safety of our roads. The driver of the tractor-trailer has also been under scrutiny since the incident. The NTSB has confirmed that they will be reviewing his driving history and qualifications to determine if he was fit to operate the vehicle. According to sources, the driver has a history of traffic violations and had been involved in a prior collision just weeks before this incident. The collision has caused a ripple effect throughout the community, with families and friends of the victims mourning the loss of their loved ones. Many are questioning how such a tragedy could have occurred and what can be done to prevent similar incidents from happening in the future. In response to the incident, officials have increased safety measures at the site of the collision, including posting additional warning signs and installing a new signal system. The NTSB is also analyzing data from the scene to determine if there were any other factors that may have contributed to the collision. This tragedy serves as a stark reminder of the importance of safety in the transportation industry. The collision could have been avoided if proper protocols had been followed and regulations enforced. Our hearts go out to the families affected by this tragedy, and we hope that this incident brings about much-needed change in the industry.  As the investigation continues, officials remain committed to bringing justice to the victims of this horrific event. The investigation will be thorough, and all parties involved will be held accountable for their actions. In the meantime, we must remember to prioritize safety on our roads to prevent any further loss of life.