article: France is preparing laws that will jail people for encouraging binge drinking on the internet or selling products which make drunkenness look fun. Although the French are renowned for their laissez-faire attitude to alcohol, the new laws tabled yesterday will crack down on those who incite people to binge drink on the internet, as well as those selling t-shirts, mobile phone covers and other gimmicky products which portray it as fun. Marisol Touraine, the French Health Minister, said: 'We have to put a stop to drunkenness that does such damage to young people.' Alcohol-related admissions at French hospitals increased sharply last year and health experts have warned binge drinking is a growing problem in the country . Touraine said she wanted to target  'games or objects that glorify the excessive consumption of alcohol', such as t-shirts or mobile phone covers with amusing scenes of drunkenness. She went to add the draft legislation also aimed to prevent 'inciting people to drink on the Internet.' The punishment for 'directly provoking a minor to excessive consumption of alcohol' will be a year in jail and a fine of £12,000 (€15,000). And anyone who incites someone else to 'drink until drunk' will be liable to six months in prison and a fine of £6,000 (€7,500). Last year France saw short term hospital admissions for binge drinking symptoms increase by a staggering 80 per cent. Despite being one of the world's key producers of wine and spirits, the French are often perceived to have a healthy attitude towards alcohol with most drinking done at mealtimes and rarely to excess. Last year Professor Michel Reynaud, an addiction specialist in Paris, co-authored a report into alcohol-related hospital admissions in France. The laws will crack down on encouragement of binge drinking, and in particular the encouragement of minors. Pictured is a vineyard in the wine producing region of Champagne . He said young French women were turning more and more to binge drinking in order to show off to their friends. ‘It is particularly worrying that large numbers of young girls see getting drunk as a form of glory. ‘This is a health emergency. We have no longer government money to cope with this problem. When one considers the rising scale of it it is hard to see how it can be stopped.’ According to the French Society for Alcohol abuse, hospital admissions for drink related diseases , particularly among young people, are now twice as numerous as those for common complains like diabetes or cardio vascular disease.
highlights: French laws which will jail those encouraging binge drinking on the internet . Will also target those who sell products portraying excessive drinking as fun . Alcohol-related admissions to French hospitals have soared in recent years . More and more young French women binge drinking in order to 'show off'
id: dd87639a1298bf7fb0052bbfb5658f28752756da
chatgpt: The French government has introduced new laws aimed at curbing binge drinking and associated online promotions. The legislation targets individuals who encourage excessive alcohol intake via social media along with those who promote products portraying excessive drinking as cool and fashionable. The move comes as alcohol-related admissions to French hospitals have surged in recent years, with a significant rise in binge drinking amongst young women who are reportedly drinking to "show off" and establish social status.  Such behavior has been associated with increased risk of accidents, liver and heart disease, among others.  As per the new law, individuals who repeatedly post comments promoting binge drinking on social media can be jailed for up to a year and fined. Similarly, retailers who advertise alcohol products as sociable, joyful, or festive can be fined up to 500,000 euros ($600,000).  French Health Minister Olivier Veran highlighted the gravity of the situation stating that "Alcohol kills 41,000 people each year in our country. Nearly one in three adults consumes it in dangerous doses. It is time to act." The law has been welcomed by doctors and health campaigners who have been calling for more stringent measures to address the growing problem of binge drinking.  Research points out that there has been a 30% increase in alcohol-related hospital admissions in the last ten years in France, and a rise in cases involving young people below 25 years. French health authorities have been warning against the harmful effects of heavy drinking, particularly among young people, for some time now. Previous government campaigns have focused on raising awareness among young people and targeting the heavy drinking culture, which is very prevalent in France. While alcohol consumption traditionally plays an important role in French social life, the recent trend of excessive alcohol consumption has become a public health concern. Health experts have cautioned that the new law is only one part of a bigger strategy to tackle the problem of binge drinking, and efforts are needed to address the underlying social and cultural factors that drive excessive drinking habits. In conclusion, the French government's new law banning online promotion of binge drinking and discouraging portrayal of excessive drinking as cool and fun, is a step towards curbing a growing public health problem. While it may take more than laws to undo a deeper cultural association with alcohol in France, health advocates believe this is an essential starting point for change.