article: West Ham manager Sam Allardyce has warned his high-flying players he will not tolerate any big-headedness following their impressive start to the season. The Hammers, who face Stoke on Saturday, are currently fourth in the Barclays Premier League table following an excellent start to the campaign. West Ham’s start to the season has come as a surprise to some, with the Hammers tipped to struggle this season. Diafra Sakho has made a fine start to his West Ham United career with seven goals in as many starts . The West Ham striker scored the winner for his side against Premier League champions Manchester City . Sakho (centre), Enner Valencia (right) and Cheikhou Kouyate (right) have impressed for the Hammers so far . But a raft of summer arrivals including seven-goal Diafra Sakho, Alex Song, Enner Valencia and Cheikhou Kouyate have so far quashed fears of another season battling relegation. However, Allardyce has fired a warning shot to his players, saying: ‘It’s not difficult for me (to ignore the praise) but sometimes the players find it a bit difficult. ‘I said to the players don’t start reading about yourself too much or else we’ ll have to start changing the size of the doors to get their heads through. ‘So keep your feet on the ground and don’t read too much praise about yourself like you shouldn’t read too much of the criticism. Alex Song produced a commanding performance in West Ham's midfield as they beat Manchester City . ‘You play it for the enjoyment and the praise that you get but make sure you manage it and control it well. ‘We have got to maintain it and our levels of performance. That is my responsibility because we have not been tested like this before and it’s about whether we can sustain this success. ‘Even last year when we had our darkest moments and we came out of it and won four on the trot and then lost four on the trot. ‘We have got to find that level of sustainability and consistency in our levels of results and performances. They have got to find out and I have got to find out if we are capable of that.’ Sakho will be given until Saturday morning to prove his fitness to Sam Allardyce ahead of the Stoke clash . Allardyce added: ‘As a manager, sustainable progress is what it’s all about. ‘You can be too slow and lose your job and then too quick and falter and then lose your job. If you build slowly and steadily and success is improved year in, year out then you can eventually get to stage where West Ham becomes like an Everton is at the moment. ‘That’s not only sustainability but looking at cup competitions and winning a trophy and getting into Europe and that can happen in this season and in the next two or three years perhaps depending upon the investment and the improvement of the squad.’
highlights: Sam Allardyce's men currently sit fourth in the Barclays Premier League . The West Ham boss warned his players there is no room for complacency . The Hammers have been a revelation after being tipped to struggle .
id: 3bafd7cd60e327082745299c5c2c9eb5e0970264
chatgpt: West Ham United's impressive start to the Barclays Premier League season has taken everyone by surprise. The club was tipped to struggle, but they have defied expectations and currently sit fourth in the league. With such early success, there is a danger that complacency could start to creep into the team. However, manager Sam Allardyce has warned his players that there is no room for complacency if they want to maintain their current form. Allardyce has been delighted with the way his team has performed in the opening weeks of the season. Their success has been built on a solid defence, with the Hammers conceding just five goals in their first six league matches. At the other end of the pitch, they have scored 11 goals, with the likes of Diafra Sakho and Enner Valencia impressing in attack. Despite the team's good start, Allardyce is aware that there is still a long way to go in the season. He has reminded his players that the Premier League is a marathon, not a sprint, and that they cannot afford to let complacency creep into their game. "All you have to do is look at the history of the Premier League to see how quickly things can change," Allardyce said. "We cannot afford to become complacent or take our foot off the gas. We have to keep working hard and keep pushing ourselves every week." Allardyce has been pleased with the attitude of his players so far this season. They have shown a hunger and desire to succeed that has impressed the manager. He has also been delighted with the contribution of the club's new signings, particularly the attacking duo of Sakho and Valencia. "Both Diafra and Enner have settled in quickly and are playing with a lot of confidence," he said. "They have added a new dimension to our attacking play and have been scoring some important goals for us." West Ham's next match is a tough one, as they travel to Old Trafford to take on Manchester United. Allardyce knows it will be a difficult game, but he is confident his team can come away with a positive result. "We know how tough it is to play at Old Trafford, but we have a good record on the road this season," he said. "We will go there with confidence and try to put on a good performance for our supporters." West Ham's early success has been a welcome surprise for the club's supporters. The Hammers have struggled in recent years, and many had predicted that they would struggle again this season. However, this current campaign has been a revelation, with Allardyce's men showing that they can compete with the best in the league. If West Ham can maintain their current form and avoid any complacency, there is no reason why they cannot compete for a top-four finish this season. It is still early days, but so far, the signs are very encouraging for the London club. All eyes will be on them as they continue to defy expectations in the Barclays Premier League.