article: By . Ryan Gorman . New footage has emerged of the shocking explosion this week that killed eight people, injured dozens more and leveled two Manhattan buildings. Surveillance video released by the New York Fire Department shows the harrowing moment the Harlem blast blew out windows, showered debris onto the street and almost seriously injured a passerby. The footage, first made public by WCBS, also shows a plume of smoke descending on Park Avenue as the helpless pedestrian ducks for cover and falls to the sidewalk. SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . Lucky: Debris showered down onto the sidewalk just as this unidentified man approached the buildings . Ducking for cover: The man appears to escape serious injury, but is knocked off his feet by the force of the explosion . The deadly Wednesday blast believed to have been caused by a gas leak that residents claimed they had smelled for a long time, according to reports. It claimed the lives of eight people and injured more than 60 people as debris showered down onto Park Avenue and the Metro-North commuter railroad tracks above. The video from a camera near the buildings destroyed in the explosion shows the blast come completely out of nowhere as debris showers down onto the sidewalk. Deadly: Eight people were killed when the explosion took down two Park Avenue buildings . Crippling: The blast shot debris onto nearby commuter rail tracks and forced the suspension of train service into and out of Grand Central Teminal . Devastating: The explosion tore down two buildings and injured dozens . ‘I thought it was an earthquake,’ Ibrahim Occasion told the station. ‘It was an explosion, like, connected to your building, so it's insane stuff.’ People as far away Queens, across the Harlem River, heard the massive blast, local media reported. Commuter trains into and out of Grand Central, the nation’s busiest train terminal, were suspended for the rest of Wednesday, stranding commuters from returning back to upstate New York and Connecticut. Investigators hope the footage will provide insight that will help determine an exact cause of the explosion.
highlights: The footage comes from cameras mounted on a nearby building . It was released Friday to local media by the New York Fire Department . Investigators hope it will provide more clues as they seek to determine a cause of the blast .
id: 30da885b5f0ba642169b7edee92989761218f7cc
chatgpt: New York City - The New York Fire Department has released footage from cameras mounted on a nearby building in hopes of finding more clues that could help them determine the cause of the recent Manhattan explosion. The explosion occurred on Thursday morning in the Chelsea neighborhood, injuring 29 people. The released footage shows a person walking with a suitcase on the street where the explosion occurred. Shortly after the person walks out of the frame, a blast occurs. The blast causes debris to fly and a nearby window shatters. The video then shows people running frantically from the site. The incident is currently being investigated by the New York City Police Department as a possible act of terrorism, although no group has claimed responsibility yet. The explosion occurred on 23rd Street between Sixth Avenue and Seventh Avenue. It was reported to the authorities at around 8:30 p.m. on Thursday, and the area was immediately evacuated. The explosion sent debris flying into the air, causing panic and chaos in the neighborhood. Authorities are currently searching for any other suspicious packages in the area. According to Assistant Commissioner J. Peter Donald, the footage is just one piece of evidence that the authorities are examining. "We are currently investigating numerous leads and reviewing footage from multiple sources. We urge anyone with information to come forward and assist us in our investigation," he said. Mayor Bill de Blasio has also urged residents to remain vigilant and report any suspicious activity. "We ask everyone to be vigilant and to be on the lookout for anything suspicious. If you see something, say something," he said in a press conference held shortly after the explosion occurred. The cause of the explosion is still unknown, and authorities are continuing to investigate. For now, the neighborhood is slowly returning back to normalcy after the tragic incident that shook the area.