article: By . Associated Press . Israel has cut off Middle East peace talks and threatened to impose new sanctions against the Palestinians in response to a unity agreement between Hamas and Fatah. Israel's Security Cabinet made the decision during a marathon emergency meeting convened to discuss the new Palestinian deal. The rival Palestinian factions announced a reconciliation plan meant to end a seven-year rift on Wednesday. Israel objects to any participation in Palestinian politics by Hamas, an Islamic militant group sworn to Israel's destruction. The group has killed hundreds of Israelis in suicide bombings and other attacks over the past two decades. A Palestinian security official prevents bystanders from accessing the site of an Israeli airstrike on motorcycle in Beit Lahiya, in the northern Gaza Strip on Wednesday . Benjamin Netanyahu's office released a statement said the government would not hold negotiations . A statement from Benjamin Netanyahu's office said that the government would not hold negotiations with a government that 'leans on Hamas.' 'Instead of choosing peace, Abu Mazen made a pact with a murderous terrorist organization that calls for the destruction of Israel,' it said, using Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas' nickname. 'The alliance between Abu Mazen and Hamas was signed while Israel was making efforts to promote negotiations with the Palestinians. ... He who chooses Hamas' terror does not want peace.' The statement said Israel also will respond to Mr Abbas' recent decision to join 15 international conventions 'with a series of steps,' language that typically refers to financial sanctions against the Palestinians. Israel already halted transferring tax and customs money it collects on the Palestinians behalf, worth some $100 million a month. Those funds help keep Abbas' self-rule government afloat. Mr Abbas won assurances in recent Arab League meetings that Arab countries would pay $100 million to the Palestinian Authority if Israel freezes the monthly transfers. However, some of the Arab donor countries have in the past not met their aid commitments. Palestinians waving Palestinian flags as they gather to celebrate the newly made reconciliation deal between Fatah and Hamas, ending a seven-year split . Thursday's decision was the latest — and perhaps final — blow to the embattled peace process led by U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry for the past nine months. The negotiating period had been scheduled to expire next Tuesday. After nine months of fruitless talks, the sides had been meeting in recent weeks in hopes of extending the negotiations. Saeb Erekat, the chief Palestinian peace negotiator, said Palestinian reconciliation is an internal matter. "Israel had no right to interfere in this issue," he said. He condemned any possible Israeli sanctions as "piracy," saying the tax revenues are Palestinian money. Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
highlights: Israel objects to any participation in Palestinian politics by Hamas . Deal between Hamas and Fatah ended seven-year impassed . Netanyahu's office hits out at 'Hamas' terror'
id: f2ad4bea633a638b05ff44bc79033e6371be5edd
chatgpt: In a move that is likely to increase tensions between Israel and Palestine, the Israeli government has objected to any participation of Hamas in Palestinian politics. This comes after a deal was reached between Hamas and Fatah that ended a seven-year impasse between the two groups. The reconciliation deal was signed on Thursday in Cairo, Egypt, and aims to end the political and territorial division between Gaza and the West Bank. The two sides have been at odds since Hamas took control of Gaza in 2007, leading to an Israeli-imposed blockade on the strip. The Israeli government has expressed its opposition to the deal, with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's office stating that Hamas is a terror organization that seeks to destroy Israel. "The reconciliation between Fatah and Hamas makes peace much harder to achieve," said Netanyahu's office in a statement. The Israeli objections to Hamas' participation in Palestinian politics are not new. Israel has long viewed the group as a terrorist organization and has tried to isolate it diplomatically. The U.S. State Department, as well as several other countries, also lists Hamas as a terrorist organization. The reconciliation deal between Fatah and Hamas is expected to result in increased international pressure on Israel to lift the blockade on Gaza. The blockade has had a devastating impact on the economy and infrastructure of Gaza, making it difficult for the population to access basic necessities and medical care. The deal between Hamas and Fatah has been praised by many as a crucial step towards reconciliation between the two sides. Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas hailed the deal as the "final agreement" and a "historic breakthrough." The agreement will also pave the way for new elections in Palestine. The deal has been welcomed by many in Palestine, including ordinary citizens who hope that it will lead to a brighter future for their country. "We have suffered for too long because of the division between Fatah and Hamas," said Mohammed, a resident of Gaza. "We hope that this deal will bring us closer to achieving our dreams for the future." However, the deal faces significant challenges, including the issue of disarmament of Hamas in Gaza. The group has maintained a significant military presence in the strip, which has complicated efforts to resolve the political impasse. In addition, the group's participation in Palestinian politics may be a hurdle for Israel, which has voiced concerns about its attempts to gain legitimacy through democratic means. Despite the challenges, the reconciliation deal between Hamas and Fatah offers a glimmer of hope for Palestine's future. If successful, it could pave the way for greater political stability and economic growth in the region.