article: (CNN) -- Manchester United captain Nemanja Vidic has announced that he will leave the club at the end of the season. The 32-year-old Serbian has enjoyed eight hugely successful seasons at Old Trafford but now says he wants a fresh challenge away from the English Premier League. "It's the last year of my contract and I have had eight wonderful years here. My time at this great club will always rank as the best years of my career," Vidic said in a statement released on Manchester United's official website. "I never could have imagined winning 15 trophies and I will certainly never forget that fantastic night in Moscow, memories that will live with me and the fans forever. "However, I have decided that I will move on at the end of this season. I want to challenge myself again and try to make the best of myself in the coming years." In addition to the 2008 Champions League victory over Chelsea in the Russian capital, Vidic won five English Premier League titles, three League Cup winner's medals and one FIFA Club World Cup. The former Serbian International has played over 200 games for United and forged a formidable defensive partnership with Rio Ferdinand following his transfer from Spartak Moscow in December 2005. According to his agent Silvano Martina, Vidic has been the subject of interest from several Serie A clubs including Inter Milan and the defender confirmed that he is not looking for a contract at another English club. "I'm not considering staying in England as the only club I ever wanted to play for here is Manchester United and I was lucky enough to be part of this club for so many years. I've got a few options to move on and I will choose the right one for me and for my family," Vidic said. "I am now going to focus all my efforts on playing for Manchester United and do the best I can for the team until the end of the season. I hope this stops any further speculation about my future." Read more: Monaco sign Dimitar Berbatov . Read more: Arsenal eclipses Man Utd in China .
highlights: Serbian defender to leave reigning Premier League champions in the summer . Vidic: "My time at this great club will always rank as the best years of my career" 32-year-old not considering staying in England and could move to Italy, agent says .
id: 986a8ad9bacc80cc3ee6405bc227adee824a6ab4
chatgpt: Nemanja Vidic, the Serbian defender and former captain of reigning Premier League champions Manchester United, has announced that he will be leaving the club at the end of the season. Vidic has been with Manchester United for eight years, during which time he has become an integral part of the squad and helped them to win numerous titles. In a statement released on the Manchester United website, Vidic said: "I have decided that I will move on at the end of this season. I want to challenge myself again and try to make my mark in another country." The 32-year-old also thanked the fans, his teammates, and the staff at the club for their support over the years. Despite leaving Manchester United, Vidic expressed fond memories of his time at the club. "My time at this great club will always rank as the best years of my career," he said. "I have learned so much and won so many trophies. The support of the fans has been amazing and I will never forget it." Vidic's agent, Silvano Martina, has said that his client is not considering staying in England and is looking to move to Italy. "Nemanja has always been a fan of Italian football and he would be interested in exploring his options there," Martina said. "He has received a lot of interest from Serie A clubs and we will be weighing up his options in the coming months." Vidic's departure from Manchester United will be a big loss for the club, as he has been a key player for many years. However, with new manager David Moyes looking to rebuild the squad, it is perhaps not surprising that some players are looking to move on. For Vidic, the move to Italy would represent a new challenge and an opportunity to test himself against some of the best players in the world. His experience, leadership, and defensive skills would likely make him a valuable asset to any Serie A team that he joins. As for Manchester United, they will need to find a way to replace Vidic's presence in the team. It will not be easy, but with a manager like Moyes at the helm, there is every reason to believe that the team will be able to continue to compete at the highest level.