article: (CNN) -- British authorities reopened the probe of Amy Winehouse's death Monday, a year after the coroner who ruled the singer died of accidental alcohol poisoning resigned amid questions about her legal credentials. A new coroner's inquest into Winehouse's death will begin on January 8, London's Camden Council announced Monday. Suzanne Greenaway lost her position as assistant deputy coroner, to which she was appointed by her husband, London Coroner Andrew Reid, after it was discovered that she had not been a registered lawyer in the United Kingdom for the requisite five years. Read more: 5 damaging myths about addiction . The Grammy award-winning artist, who had battled with alcohol and drug abuse over several years, was found dead at her north London home July 23, 2011. The original coroner's report concluded it was a "death by misadventure." A pathologist told Greenaway's court that alcohol toxicity was the cause of the 27-year-old's death, with her blood-alcohol levels measured at more than five times the legal limit for driving. Testimony at her inquest showed no traces of illegal drugs in Winehouse's system. The pathologist's tests revealed that Winehouse's blood-alcohol level was 416 milligrams per 100 milliliters of blood. The level considered lethal is 350 milligrams per 100 milliliters of blood, and the legal limit to drive in Britain is 80 milligrams of alcohol. The pathologist found no traces of tablets in Winehouse's stomach and said her organs appeared to be normal. A verdict of misadventure means that it is judged to be an accidental death in which no law was broken or criminal negligence involved. The singer's soulful, throaty vocals brought her stardom in 2007, but her troubled off-stage life -- chronicled in her top 10 hit "Rehab" -- won her notoriety. Read more: A life cut short: Remembering the tragedy of Amy Winehouse . Her death came less than two months after her latest release from a rehabilitation program and weeks after she was booed offstage by disappointed fans in Serbia. The tattooed London-born singer-songwriter's first album, "Frank," debuted in 2003, when she was 19. International success came with her 2007 album "Back to Black." She dominated the 2008 Grammys, winning five awards that night and delivering, via satellite from London, a strong performance of "Rehab." CNN's Richard Allen Greene in London contributed to this report.
highlights: A new coroner's inquest into Amy Winehouse's death will begin on January 8 . The assistant deputy coroner who ruled on the death did not have required legal credentials . The original coroner's report concluded it was a "death by misadventure" Winehouse was found dead at her north London home July 23, 2011 .
id: 41deccba85293bf33ef7686f54eda5d8cacdefc2
chatgpt: After nearly a decade, a new coroner's inquest into the death of Amy Winehouse will begin on January 8. The original inquest took place in October 2011 and concluded that the 27-year-old singer died from accidental alcohol poisoning. However, questions were raised about the assistant deputy coroner who ruled on the case not having the required legal credentials. The new inquest was ordered by Deputy Assistant Coroner Suzanne Greenway who oversaw the original inquest. Greenway resigned in 2012 after it was discovered that she did not have the necessary qualifications to serve in that role. The new inquest will be conducted by Dr. Shirley Radcliffe, a senior coroner. Winehouse's death in her north London home on July 23, 2011, shocked the music world. The soulful and talented singer had long struggled with drug and alcohol addiction, and her public battles with substance abuse were well-known. Winehouse had gone through several stints in rehab, but her struggles with addiction proved too difficult to overcome in the end. The original coroner's report described Winehouse's death as a "death by misadventure," indicating that it was accidental. The report stated that Winehouse's blood alcohol level was more than five times the legal limit at the time of her death. The singer's father, Mitch Winehouse, has been vocal about his belief that his daughter did not intentionally take her own life. Speaking to The Sun newspaper earlier this year, Mitch Winehouse said that he hopes the new inquest will provide some clarity around his daughter's death. "We believe that we have new evidence relating to her death that will be central to the inquest," he said. "There were a lot of people who were with Amy on the night she died, and some of them have come forward with new information." The new inquest is expected to last no more than two days and will take place at St. Pancras Coroner's Court in London. Though it's been nearly a decade since Winehouse's death, her legacy as one of the most talented and influential singers of her generation remains. The world will be watching as the new inquest seeks to shed new light on the circumstances surrounding her untimely passing.