article: A hard-hitting new campaign to get black British voters to the polling booths has been launched with the help of a host of black stars. Homeland actor David Harewood, musician Tinie Tempah, former Arsenal captain Sol Campbell and Paralympic athlete Ade Adepitan have been photographed with their faces painted white as part of the striking campaign by Operation Black Vote. The campaign aims to encourage black Britons to register to vote before it's too late – with the voting registration deadline on April 20. Sol Campbell is part of a new campaign to encourage minorities to register to vote for the General Election . Posters featuring David Harewood and Tinie Tempa in a new campaign to encourage minorities to register . Four posters have been released with photographs taken by leading photographer John Rankin Waddell. A separate online advert starring Harewood, made by famous ad agency Saatchi and Saatchi, has also been released. A survey of voters in the 2010 general election put the turnout rate for white voters at 67 per cent but only 51 per cent for non-white voters. The former Premiership star said he agree to pose for the campaign to encourage black and Asian communities to use their votes on May 7 or their voices will not be heard. He said: 'I agreed to do the Operation Black Vote pictures because I wanted to highlight the problem with some sections of Britain who are not registering to vote for their future.' Campbell posed for a photograph alongside the caption: 'If you don't register to vote, you're taking the colour out of Britain.' Campbell, 40, last month ruled out standing for the Conservatives in Kensington after Sir Malcolm Rifkind announced he would be standing down. At the time he said his 'ambitions lie elsewhere in the political arena' which led to speculation he could run for London Mayor. Homeland's David Harewood said black Britons were being sidelined from politics. He said: 'If you want change, you have to vote for it. In order to vote, you have to register. We can't continue to stand on sidelines of the British democratic system, we are a part of it and our voices matter.' Former Paralympian and current TV presenter Ade Adepitan is also part of the Operation Black Vote campaign . Operation Black Vote also launched a 2015 general election manifesto with the aim of 'reclaiming democracy, empowering citizens and fighting race equalities'. It says that in the past black and minority ethnic (BME) groups presented a broad range of 'key policy demands' to all parties, but adds: 'Our experience shows that whilst all parties express interest in our proposals during elections, this interest soon evaporates once in power.' Instead OBV has created a list of manifesto points of its own, including automatic voter registration linked to the National Insurance system, the introduction of e-voting and proportional representation, voting from the age of 16, state funding of parties and a 'minister for race equality' in the Cabinet.
highlights: Sol Campbell stars in 'Operation Black Vote' encouraging minorities to vote . He joins Hollywood star David Harewood and the chart star Tinie Tempah . Paralympic medallist and TV host Ade Adepitan also stars in campaign . Campbell said 'some sections of Britain' were not registering to vote . Harewood said too many black Britons were being sidelined from politics .
id: 36fe291a810581dc3cf3531d0dfa22934266c0f2
chatgpt: Former England footballer Sol Campbell has joined a campaign by 'Operation Black Vote' to encourage minorities in Britain to register to vote. He was joined by Hollywood star David Harewood, chart star Tinie Tempah, and Paralympic medallist and TV host Ade Adepitan. The campaign aims to combat under-representation in politics by urging people from black and minority ethnic communities to sign up for the forthcoming general election. The campaign is especially relevant this year, with recent polls showing significant rates of voter apathy among black and minority ethnic communities. Speaking about his involvement in the campaign, Sol Campbell described voter registration as "important" and highlighted the need for greater engagement across certain sections of society. "There are some sections of Britain that are not registering to vote, and where better to address this than through this campaign?", he said. David Harewood highlighted the fact that black Britons are being sidelined in politics, stating "I think some people assume that everyone is fully engaged in politics, but this isn't the case, especially for black Britons who are under-represented in this area of life". Tinie Tempah added: "The more we can increase turnout and participation, the more our democracy will benefit." He stressed the importance of participating in the Democratic process, as well as encouraging others to vote. Ade Adepitan emphasised the necessity of minority groups to unite and make their voices heard. "This campaign is about people coming together and uniting around a common cause" he said, "we can only truly make a difference by participating in society and the democratic process". The Electoral Commission have warned that under-registration among black Britons in particular is a growing issue, with many individuals unsure of what the registration process entails. "This is a problem that has long been under the radar," said Chuka Umunna, the MP for Streatham. The 'Operation Black Vote' campaign is urging potential voters to take the time to ensure their voices are heard. They have encouraged people to register to vote, and pledged to support those who feel intimidated or are unsure about entering the political discussion. The campaign has been praised for tackling an issue long ignored in mainstream politics, and for raising awareness of the need for greater inclusion and diversity in politics. The initiative has also drawn support from members of the public, who have praised the high profile stars for lending their platforms to such an important cause. In summary, the 'Operation Black Vote' campaign is a necessary and timely initiative that seeks to encourage minorities to register to vote in the forthcoming general election. The high profile stars that have supported the campaign have helped to raise awareness of the problem of under-representation, and to encourage individuals from diverse communities to make their voices heard. By uniting and engaging in the democratic process, minority groups can take steps to ensure their perspectives are represented in politics.