article: Shameless bosses of cosmetic surgery firms that go bankrupt and leave patients in the lurch are to be blocked from running new health clinics. A Government crackdown will mean the directors of surgery firms that go bust, as well as those found guilty of providing poor care, will not be allowed to shut up shop simply to open weeks later under a new name. In 2012, The Mail on Sunday revealed how The Harley Medical Centre chain of cosmetic surgery clinics went into administration to avoid possible payouts to 13,000 patients who had been given faulty PIP breast implants. Crackdown: Directors of surgery firms that go bust will not be allowed to shut up shop simply to open weeks later under a new name . The company appointed administrators after its management complained that legal action could put the firm out of business. But within days, and using a slightly different company name, the clinics reopened with many of the same directors in charge. 13,000 patients of The Harley Medical Centre were given faulty PIP breast implants . Last week, the Department of Health announced the introduction of a ‘fit and proper person test’. For the first time, dishonest and incapable bosses will be refused a licence to run a health clinic by the regulator, the Care Quality Commission. The rules will apply to those holding top jobs in both the NHS and private sector and will also mean that unfit directors can be removed from their job. Norman Lamb, the Care and Support Minister, said: ‘This test will allow us to make sure that those leading health and care organisations are up to the job  – and to remove those who are not, including those who have presided over poor care.’ Jan Spivey, from the campaign group PIP Action, which represents victims of the breast implant scandal, said: ‘Finally, we can see the Department of Health are addressing some of the issues the PIP scandal exposed. ‘But we are disappointed it has taken this long. We are still fighting to get compensation for victims of the PIP scandal and this announcement will do little to help with that battle.’
highlights: The Harley Medical Centre chain went into administration in 2012 . 13,000 of their patients had been given faulty PIP breast . implants . Within days the clinics reopened using a slightly different company name .
id: 5e9d62d13a07cfaa40697f383e466894f7b52f6f
chatgpt: The Harley Medical Centre chain, one of the UK's largest providers of cosmetic surgery, plunged into administration in 2012 due to a controversy surrounding the use of faulty breast implants. The company had used Poly Implant Prothèse (PIP) implants manufactured by a French firm, which were later found to be of low quality and prone to rupturing. As a result, over 13,000 patients who had received these implants were left in uncertainty and distress. The scandal shook the world of cosmetic surgery, and the Harley Medical Centre's future appeared doomed. However, within days of the announcement, the company reopened its clinics under a slightly altered name, the Harley Medical Group. The move was seen as a way to distance the company from the PIP scandal and restore its reputation. The company's swift rebranding drew criticism from patients and campaigners who accused the firm of trying to evade its responsibility towards those affected by the PIP scandal. They argued that the company should have taken full accountability for the use of faulty implants and taken steps to compensate patients for the harm caused. Despite the continued backlash from patients, some industry experts believed that the Harley Medical Centre chain's rebranding move was a smart one that allowed the firm to avoid further bankruptcy and legal proceedings. The company was able to continue operating under the new name and offering treatments such as breast enlargement, liposuction, and facial rejuvenation to its clients. However, the scandal had a lasting impact on the cosmetic surgery industry, fuelled by a growing demand for "quick fix" aesthetic treatments. It prompted regulatory reforms and increased scrutiny of private practice clinics. Many clients of cosmetic surgery clinics are urged to research their options fully and take necessary precautions before undergoing any treatment. The Harley Medical Centre chain's controversial bankruptcy and its subsequent rebranding have highlighted the importance of transparency and accountability in the cosmetic surgery industry. As more people turn to plastic surgery and similar treatments, it is essential to ensure that patient safety and wellbeing remain a top priority. The PIP implant scandal may have led to the downfall of one company, but its legacy will continue to shape the industry for years to come.