article: James Rodriguez has revealed his heartbreak after Colombia's World Cup quarter-final defeat to Brazil. Rodriguez scored a penalty - his sixth goal of the tournament - in the 2-1 defeat on Friday and was in tears at the full time whistle. He said: 'Men can also cry but I can return to my country happy. A great team has been born. I'm crying because we gave everything we had inside of us,' he told reporters after the game. VIDEO Scroll down to watch James Rodriguez prank his Colombia team-mate in hotel room . Sportsmanship: David Luiz urges the crowd to recognize the efforts of James Rodriguez at full time . Words of wisdom: David Luiz (right) was seen talking to James Rodriguez at full time . 'We have not progressed to the semi-finals. The referee did not always whistle in the right direction and did not penalise many of Brazil's misdemeanors but we go out with our heads held high.' Brazil's David Luiz consoled Rodriguez at the end of the match.'He congratulated me for my World Cup,' the Monaco star said. 'He told me I was a good player. The truth is that having so many superstars hugging me did make me happy. We have to raise our heads now and thank Colombia for their support. 'We are sad because we wanted to keep going and set new records. We gave everything to reach the semi-final but we have to be proud because we played a great side.' Six of the best; James Rodriguez scores his sixth goal of the World Cup from the penalty spot . Not giving up hope: James Rodriguez races back to restart the game after scoring a penalty for Colombia . Luiz said: 'It’s not only the ones with the trophies who are the great champions.James has been brilliant, making great plays, scoring great goals, and he can leave here with his head held high, because he’s already a World Champion for everything he’s done at this World Cup.' Thiago Silva had opened the . scoring in the first half before Luiz's bullet free kick doubled . Brazil's advantage after the break. James Rodriguez pulled a goal back from the spot with 10 minutes remaining but Jose Pekerman's side could not find an equaliser.
highlights: Colombia lost 2-1 to Brazil in World Cup quarter final on Friday . Rodriguez scored late penalty for his sixth goal of the tournament . Star was in tears at full time but was consoled by David Luiz .
id: 8f62b70407a34190b77874821b41b7b0e67982bb
chatgpt: In a thrilling quarter-final match at the World Cup, Brazil secured a 2-1 victory over Colombia to progress to the semi-finals. Despite a valiant effort from the Colombian team, Brazil maintained their unbeaten record in the tournament, much to the dismay of the Colombian fans. The game was a tightly contested affair, with both teams showing their attacking prowess early on. But it was Brazil who took the lead in the seventh minute through a brilliant goal from Thiago Silva. The Brazilian captain rose highest to meet a corner and powered a header past the helpless David Ospina in the Colombian goal. Colombia, however, did not let their heads drop and continued to push forward in search of an equalizer. Their efforts were eventually rewarded in the 80th minute when James Rodriguez converted a late penalty to score his sixth goal of the tournament. The 23-year-old Colombian star, who had been a sensation at the World Cup, was in tears at the end of the match, visibly distraught at his team's elimination from the tournament. Despite his disappointment, Rodriguez was consoled by Brazilian star David Luiz. The two hugged and exchanged words of encouragement, demonstrating the sportsmanship and camaraderie that are at the core of the beautiful game. Brazil, who had been rocked by the injury to their talisman Neymar in the previous round, showed great character and resilience to hold on to their lead and secure their place in the semi-finals. The Brazilians will now face Germany, who had earlier thrashed France 4-0 in their quarter-final match. The Brazilian coach, Luiz Felipe Scolari, praised his team's performance and hailed their victory as a "great moment". He also paid tribute to the Colombian team and their star player James Rodriguez, calling him a "phenomenon". The defeat will no doubt be a bitter pill to swallow for the Colombian team and their fans, who had been dreaming of a historic World Cup triumph. But they can take solace in the fact that they played with spirit and determination throughout the tournament, and gave their all in every match. As the tournament enters its final stages, the world waits with bated breath to see which team will emerge triumphant. But one thing is for sure – the memories and moments of this World Cup will live on for generations to come.