article: By . Erin Clements for MailOnline . Dominique Ansel, creator of the Cronut, has announced plans to open a store in Tokyo. This will be the second storefront for the world-renowned pastry chef, who launched his eponymous bakery in New York's Soho neighborhood in 2011. The new outpost will open in Omotesando Hills, a shopping complex in central Tokyo, in summer 2015. Fully baked idea: Pastry chef Dominique Ansel announced plans to open a Tokyo store in an Instagram post Wednesday . Mr Ansel made the announcement on Instagram Wednesday afternoon. 'Dear Tokyo! Yes - it is true. We will be opening our first international store (and second store in the world) here in Japan. This is something that means a lot to me and a city that every pastry chef aspires to.' Mr Ansel said that he was grateful to his partners TSI Holdings and Transit General, known for their work with fashion and food brands. Top chef: Mr Ansel rose to fame last year after creating the Cronut, a donut/croissant hybrid . Feeding frenzy: Customers have been known to line up around the block to get their hands on a Cronut . He added: 'There will be something created just for Tokyo, and I will personally see every aspect of development. I can't wait to personally welcome everyone on opening day.' The pastry chef rose to fame last year after inventing the Cronut, a donut/croissant hybrid so popular that customers would wait in line for it hours before the bakery opened. Just last month, he introduced his latest dessert innovation, the Pretzel Lobster Tail - soft pretzels stuffed with peanut butter and butter-crunch brittle in the shape of a crustacean. Hot spot: The Dominique Ansel bakery opened in New York's Soho in 2011 . His creations have also included a chocolate chip cookie shot, a chocolate souffle hidden in a brioche and a sundae in a can. Earlier this year, the James Beard Foundation named him as America's best pastry chef. Mr Ansel recently told FastCoDesign that he doesn't want the Cronut's success to kill his creativity. 'I’m glad we created it at the bakery, but at the same time, I don’t think we should only bet on the Cronut. I have a lot more ideas,' he said. He added: 'If I were only doing Cronuts, I think I’d be kind of sad. I wouldn’t have a chance to keep doing new things. I’m super excited about creating new products. And my staff is super excited.'
highlights: The renowned pastry chef says to expect a new dessert 'created just for Tokyo'
id: 15d222c48257726cbe6da53fb4078f12a3d511b5
chatgpt: Renowned pastry chef Dominique Ansel, creator of the world-famous Cronut, has announced that he will be debuting a new dessert "created just for Tokyo." This news has caused excitement among pastry lovers and foodies alike, as they eagerly await the chance to taste Ansel's latest creation. Ansel is no stranger to the dessert world - he has made a name for himself by pushing the boundaries of what is possible in pastry-making. The Cronut, a croissant-doughnut hybrid, was a game-changer in the industry and quickly became a sensation when it was first introduced in 2013. Since then, Ansel has continued to innovate and experiment, creating new desserts that capture the attention and admiration of pastry enthusiasts around the world. Now, Ansel has turned his attention to Tokyo, a city known for its incredible food scene and discerning palate. In a recent interview with food publication Eater, Ansel hinted at what we can expect from his new creation. While he didn't give away too many details, he did say that the dessert was inspired by the flavors and ingredients of Japan, and that it would be "something that you can only find in Japan." The anticipation for this new dessert is already building, with fans speculating about what it might be. Some are hoping for a new take on mochi, the traditional Japanese dessert made from glutinous rice. Others are guessing that Ansel might incorporate matcha, a powdered green tea that is beloved in Japan and has become increasingly popular in the Western world. Whatever the dessert may be, one thing is clear - Ansel's new creation is sure to be a hit among Tokyo's food enthusiasts. The city is known for its love of sweets, and Ansel's reputation as an innovative and boundary-pushing chef precedes him. Tokyo is the perfect venue for Ansel to debut his latest masterpiece, as it is a city that values creativity, quality, and craftsmanship in all aspects of dining. Ansel himself is clearly excited about the prospect of unveiling his new dessert in Tokyo. In an Instagram post, he wrote, "I cannot wait to share this dessert with all of you in Japan." He also hinted that there may be other surprises in store for his Tokyo fans, saying that he has "more exciting news to share soon." For those who want to be among the first to try Ansel's new dessert, the wait won't be long - he is set to debut it at his Tokyo bakery in the coming weeks. Until then, pastry lovers will have to content themselves with speculating about what this new creation might be and eagerly anticipating the chance to taste it for themselves.