article: By . Ryan Gorman . PUBLISHED: . 01:06 EST, 14 July 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 01:08 EST, 14 July 2013 . George Zimmerman may not have to worry about jail time, but financial ruin is a distinct possibility.The family of Trayvon Martin is considering whether to sue Zimmerman in civil court for liability over the death of the unarmed teenager.  Zimmerman’s attorney, however, is convinced that his client is immune from such a suit. Having already admitted to shooting Martin, and with the burden of proof lower in civil court than in criminal court, Zimmerman may not emerge victorious from such a lawsuit. Guilty or not guilty: George Zimmerman and his legal team waits for the verdict to be read Friday night . While no estimates have yet been floated as to the amount of financial liability Zimmerman may face in a civil suit, Martin’s family already settled with the town of Sanford, FL and the gated community Zimmerman shot the teenager in while patrolling as a volunteer neighborhood watchman.The housing complex doled out over $1 million to the grieving family, according to the Orlando Sentinal. Should Martin’s family go that route, Mark O’Mara, Zimmerman’s attorney, feels his client is immune from liability.‘If someone believes that it’s appropriate to sue George Zimmerman, then we will seek and we will get immunity in a civil hearing,’ O’Mara said in a post-verdict press conference, adding ‘we will see just how many civil lawsuits are spawned from this fiasco.’ Like a stone: Zimmerman showed no emotion as the verdict of 'not guilty' was read aloud in the court room . Victorious: Zimmerman's lawyers, Don West (L) and Mark O'Mara (R), address the media after winning the case . Florida law would also prevent George Zimmerman from selling the rights to his story for a book or movie deal in order to pay for a civil suit should he be found liable for Martin’s death, according to televised media reports.Zimmerman could also face trial on federal civil rights abuses in the death of the Florida teen. The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) and the Reverend Al Sharpton are working towards making that happen. The NAACP with a petition addressed directly to US Attorney General Eric Holder and Sharpton with planned meetings with community leaders in Florida and likely rallies to follow.The murder trial may be over, but Zimmerman’s 15 minutes of fame aren’t quite over yet, they might even still be just beginning.
highlights: The burden of proof in a civil trial is much lower than in a criminal trial . Zimmerman's legal team is convinced he is immune from civil liability . Martin's family has already settled for over $1 million with the homeowner's association of the housing complex where the teen was shot to death .
id: bcdb72da46ef7de2f6a2763df7c58ad728ce49ca
chatgpt: The civil trial involving the shooting death of Trayvon Martin by George Zimmerman is underway, with Zimmerman's legal team arguing that he is immune from civil liability. The burden of proof in a civil trial is much lower than in a criminal trial, which means that the outcome of the trial could have significant implications for Zimmerman and Martin's family. Martin's family has already settled for over $1 million with the homeowner's association of the housing complex where the teen was shot to death. However, the civil trial against Zimmerman is seeking additional damages for Martin's wrongful death. The trial is expected to last several weeks, and both sides have brought in expert witnesses to testify. Zimmerman's legal team, led by defense attorney Mark O'Mara, is arguing that he acted in self-defense and is therefore immune from civil liability. They argue that the burden of proof required to show a defendant acted in self-defense is much lower in civil court than in criminal court, where Zimmerman was found not guilty of murder or manslaughter charges. However, Martin's family's attorneys argue that Zimmerman's actions were negligent and reckless, and that he did not act in self-defense. They argue that Zimmerman's actions directly led to Martin's death, and that he should be held accountable for the harm he caused. The civil trial has reignited debates about race relations and gun violence in America, particularly in light of recent events such as the killing of George Floyd and the ongoing protests against police brutality. Many see the trial as a test of the justice system's ability to hold individuals accountable for violent acts committed against Black individuals. Both sides have presented compelling evidence, but it remains to be seen how the judge and jury will rule in this high-profile case. The outcome of the trial could have far-reaching implications for the justice system and for the families of victims of violent crimes. In the end, the burden of proof in a civil trial may be lower, but the stakes are still high for all involved. As the trial continues, the world watches and waits to see whether justice will be served in this case.