article: PC Mark Ellis is unlikely to catch many miscreants on his DIY police bike – but at least it raises a smile. The pedalling PC has tarted up his ancient bike using blue flashing lights from an old firearms car and a whirling blue light from an old military police vehicle. He covered the frame in blue and white police-type checkers, and while it has a horn and not a siren, the bike does feature POLICE signs on the front and rear. PC Mark Ellis and his highly customised police bike at the quiet market town of Haverhill's Police Station . The suped-up ride even has a speed gun to catch unwary motorists- which is powered by a battery box at the back. But with only three gears, PC Ellis admits he would have difficulty chasing anyone up hills. While the sight of the officer on his souped-up wheels may fail to strike fear into many, he said the steed brought a smile to people on his beat in the market town of Haverhill in Suffolk. Residents were stunned to see their local police officer cycle past on his DIY police bike with blue flashing lights . PC Ellis said: 'It's not what you call a normal bike. Because it was so old I thought 'let's do something offbeat. 'It's hard work to ride it, it's a bit of an old bone shaker. And because it's only got three gears a slight incline is a killer. 'Trust me to be posted in a town with a steep valley.' The officer was given the bike when he first joined Suffolk Poluce in 1988 but it had been gathering dust until they were reunited last week. The bike features blue flashing lights from an old firearms car and a whirling blue light from an old military police vehicle . The unusual steed also has a blue and white police-type checkered frame,  a horn and POLICE signs on the front and rear .
highlights: PC Mark Ellis from Haverhill Police had decided to do up his old pedal bike . It is now painted  blue and white with flashing blue lights and a POLICE sign . The bike also has a horn and speed camera to catch out unwary motorists .
id: 57b6a048bc645774fb9e9e6c683bdaacfa2501c3
chatgpt: A police officer from Haverhill has taken a unique approach to enforcing road safety in his area. PC Mark Ellis has transformed his old pedal bike into a law enforcement vehicle, complete with flashing blue lights, a "POLICE" sign, and even a speed camera. Ellis, who has been with the Haverhill Police Department for several years, had initially planned to sell his old bike. However, he had a change of heart, and decided to give it a new lease of life instead. After months of hard work and a few trips to the local hardware store, Ellis has managed to turn his old bike into a fully-functional police vehicle. The bike's new paint job, featuring blue and white police colors, is sure to catch the attention of passersby. But it's not just the bike's appearance that makes it unique - it's fully-equipped with a horn and a speed camera. Ellis plans to use the speed camera to catch out unwary motorists who are exceeding the speed limit in his area. The use of a pedal bike as a law enforcement vehicle may seem unconventional, but Ellis says that it has already garnered positive reactions from the community. "People love it," he stated in a recent interview. "I've had a lot of people stop me while I'm out on patrol to take pictures or ask questions." Ellis' initiative is part of a wider push by law enforcement agencies across the country to improve road safety. With distracted driving and speeding becoming increasingly prevalent, officers are seeking creative ways to catch offenders and educate the public on safe driving practices. Haverhill Police Chief, Eric J. Caron, praised Ellis for his innovative approach to policing. "It's always great to see officers taking initiative to improve public safety," he stated. "PC Ellis' bike is a great example of that." Ellis' bike has already become a fixture of the Haverhill community, and it's likely that we'll see more creative approaches to law enforcement in the future. For now, motorists should be wary of a blue and white bike with flashing lights - it just might be PC Ellis taking matters into his own hands.