article: (CNN) -- Donnie Collins' journey from female to male will continue, thanks to a college fraternity that raised money for sex-change surgery. Collins, a 20-year-old sophomore at Boston's Emerson College, learned soon after he joined the Phi Alpha Tau fraternity that his insurance company declined to cover surgery to remove breast tissue to flatten his chest. Phi Alpha Tau members, defying the conventional stereotype of a fraternity, launched a campaign on an online fundraising site -- Indiegogo.com -- with a goal of collecting the $8,100 needed for the procedure, scheduled for May. "We see Donnie as a brother and we want to support him in this endeavor," Phi Alpha Tau Chapter President Jon Allen told CNN affiliate WBZ-TV. "We are here less to raise money, and more to tell a story ... of transformation, and a story of self-discovery, and the story of brotherhood," the online appeal said. Opinion: Gender identity not just about body parts . The response was overwhelming, resulting in almost $16,000, according to the frat's website. The money left over after the surgery will be donated to the Jim Collins Foundation, an organization that helps "fund gender-confirming surgeries for transgender people," the group said. "I'm overwhelmed and surprised. I can't thank everyone enough," Collins told WBZ-TV. The whole Emerson campus has been supportive of Collins, according to Jason Meier, who supervises the school's Greek groups as student activities director. Being transgender no longer a mental 'disorder' in diagnostic manual . "Emerson has always been very inclusive and accepting of LGBT students," Meier told CNN. "I didn't even flinch or bat an eye. It just seemed like every day for these men." Collins is not the first transgender member of the fraternity, Meier said. Another transgender student became a leader in the group, he said. Phi Alpha Tau, which has been active at Emerson since 1902, describes itself on its website as a "professional communicative arts fraternity." Parents of transgender first-grader file discrimination complaint . CNN's Alan Duke contributed to this report.
highlights: An insurance company denies Donnie Collins' request to cover a sex change . Phi Alpha Tau members launch an online drive to pay for Collins' surgery . "We see Donnie as a brother," the frat president says . "I'm overwhelmed and surprised," Collins says .
id: d7202323b74ec67470303ad5c30b91c7ef599af3
chatgpt: Members of the Phi Alpha Tau fraternity at Emerson College have launched an online fundraising drive to help pay for a fellow student's sex change operation, after their insurance company denied their request for coverage. Donnie Collins, a member of the fraternity, was left feeling frustrated and upset when his insurer denied his request for coverage on his surgery. However, his fraternity brothers stepped up, rallying around him and launching an online campaign to raise the necessary funds. "We see Donnie as a brother," said Joe Lang, the fraternity's president. "When he told us the news about his surgery, we knew we had to help him out." The fraternity posted about the campaign on social media and urged their friends and followers to donate as much as they could. In a matter of days, the response was overwhelming, with donations pouring in from across the country. "I'm overwhelmed and surprised by the support I've received from the fraternity and the Emerson community," Collins said. "It means so much to me that they've stepped up to help me in this way." Collins, who identifies as transgender, says the surgery is an essential step in his transition and will help him live a happier and more fulfilling life. He is grateful to the fraternity for their support and hopes that his story will inspire others to be more accepting of the transgender community. "It's important for people to understand that gender identity is a very personal thing," Collins said. "I hope my story helps raise awareness and encourages more people to be understanding and compassionate towards the transgender community." The fraternity's fundraising campaign has already raised over $10,000, which will go towards covering the cost of Collins' surgery. The brothers of Phi Alpha Tau say they will continue to support Collins throughout his journey and are committed to ensuring that he has the resources he needs to live his best life.