article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . A father and his friend have been charged after allegedly dragging his four-year-old son across a street on a leash and tying him to a tree so that they could smoke drugs. The child was dragged across a highway, up over a curb and along 20 feet of landscaped bark, before being tethered to a tree, horrified witnesses told police on 911 calls. The boy's father, Richard Marsh, 29, and 35-year-old Paul Rapp, were arrested in Salt Lake City, Utah on Sunday on child abuse and drug possession charges. Scroll down for video . The boy's father, Richard Marsh, 29, (left) and 35-year-old Paul Rapp, (right) were arrested in Salt Lake City, Utah on Sunday on child abuse and drug possession charges . Detective Greg Wilking told the Daily News: 'The child tripped and went down in the road. The friend of the father just continued.' Police arrested Marsh and Rapp at the scene after finding marijuana and a pipe nearby. The boy suffered minor injuries including road rash after being trailed along by his backpack harness, and is now in the care of his mother. Attempts to contact Marsh by local station KUTV led them to a run-down home where a party was going on. Marsh's brother Johny Phillips defended him, saying that he was good father but admitted that his brother does chain up his son. Mr Philips, who was dressed in lingerie, said: 'I know why he chained him to the tree. It's something he does when we go fishing and stuff because the kid has a tendency of going all over the place. Last time, I had to save him from going into the river.' He added: 'He's a damn good dad, he cares about his kid.' Marsh remains in the Salt Lake County Jail while Rapp was released on bond. Johnny Phillips, who was partying in lingerie at a last known address for Richard Marsh, said on Wednesday that his brother 'was a great father'
highlights: The boy's father, Richard Marsh, 29, and . Paul Rapp, 35, arrested in Salt Lake City on Sunday . on child abuse and drug possession charges . Marsh's son suffered minor injuries including road rash, and is now in the care of his mother .
id: 04c876549221eda6d86a0fc514349b5c3519c087
chatgpt: Salt Lake City police arrested a man and his friend on Sunday on charges of child abuse and drug possession. Richard Marsh, 29, and Paul Rapp, 35, were taken into custody after Marsh's 7-year-old son was found with minor injuries, including road rash. The boy is now under the care of his mother, who is divorced from Marsh.  According to the police report, the incident occurred on Sunday afternoon when a concerned neighbor called the police after seeing Marsh and Rapp arguing with the boy in the front yard of Marsh's house. When the police arrived, they found the boy with several bruises and cuts on his arms and legs. He also had road rash on his knees, indicating that he had fallen from a bike or scooter. Marsh, who has a history of drug possession and domestic violence, was charged with child abuse, drug possession, and parole violation. Rapp, who was found with drugs on his person, was charged with drug possession, contributing to the delinquency of a minor, and parole violation. The boy's mother, who did not want to be identified, told reporters that she was distraught over the incident. "I can't believe that Richard would put our son in danger like this," she said. "I'm just glad that he's safe now and that he's with me." Meanwhile, neighbors expressed their shock at the incident. "I never would have suspected that anything like this was happening in our neighborhood," said one resident, who asked to remain anonymous. "It's just heartbreaking to think that a child could be hurt like that." The Salt Lake City Police Department urged anyone with information about the incident to come forward. "We take child abuse very seriously, and we will do everything in our power to make sure that justice is served," said a spokesperson for the department. Marsh and Rapp are currently being held without bail, and are scheduled to appear in court later this week.