article: Washington (CNN) -- A top official in the Obama administration's Justice Department told a Senate panel Tuesday that he made a mistake in failing to warn Attorney General Eric Holder and other Justice executives about the controversial ATF tactic of allowing illegally purchased guns to "walk" across the border, into the hands of Mexico drug cartels. At a Senate Judiciary subcommittee hearing, Assistant Attorney General Lanny Breuer was grilled by Sen. Charles Grassley, R-Iowa. Breuer acknowledged that in hindsight, he would have done things differently. Breuer's apologetic tone followed months of top Justice Department officials staunchly defending what they said was their minimal role in flawed operations by the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives and denials of high-level involvement. Breuer said he learned of the tactic of allowing illegally purchased guns to leave gun shops in April 2010 regarding a previous operation known as Wide Receiver. "I wish that at that time that I had said clearly to the deputy attorney general and the attorney general that in this case, Wide Receiver, we had determined in 2006 and 2007 guns had 'walked.' I did not do that, and I regret not doing that," Breuer admitted. Breuer had expressed his regret over his action in a statement late Monday. Operation Wide Receiver began in 2006 during the Bush administration. The controversial Operation Fast and Furious began in 2009 during the Obama administration and allowed illegally purchased firearms to "walk" from gun stores in Arizona across the border to drug cartels with the intent of monitoring the flow of weapons, but hundreds were lost or unaccounted for. The tactic led to a storm of outrage inside and outside the ATF when two of the missing weapons were found at the site where Border Patrol agent Brian Terry was killed in December. Breuer also admitted to Grassley he had failed to recognize that the same tactics used four years earlier were used again in Fast and Furious. "I did not draw a connection between the unacceptable tactics used by the ATF years earlier in Operation Wide Receiver and those in Operation Fast and Furious and therefore did not alert others within Department leadership of any similarities between the two. That was a mistake, and I regret not having done so," Breuer said. As head of the criminal division, Breuer is one of Holder's most important assistants. Breuer's statement of regret came as the Justice Department sent 650 pages of documents to congressional investigators. The documents had been subpoenaed October 11 by Republican lawmakers angered by what they claim was stonewalling by the Justice officials. Grassley said at the hearing that the Justice Department officially assured him in February that allegations of gun walking in Fast and Furious were not true. "However, as Mr. Breuer's admissions in yesterday's statement made clear, the Department's claim was not true," Grassley said. "With every document that comes out, the Justice Department loses credibility and the faith of the American people," Grassley concluded.
highlights: Breuer said he learned of "gun walking" in 2010 regarding a previous operation . That operation was known as Wide Receiver . Later came Fast and Furious" again with guns allowed to "walk" across the border . "I did not draw a connection ... and therefore did not alert others," Breuer said .
id: 5be931242c3d4c17cb23b47228d822b745366578
chatgpt: Former Justice Department official, Lanny Breuer, recently spoke at a House hearing regarding his knowledge of the controversial "gun walking" tactics used in the Fast and Furious operation. Breuer stated that he first became aware of the tactic in 2010 during a previous operation known as Wide Receiver, but did not connect it to Fast and Furious. Breuer, who served as assistant attorney general for the Justice Department's Criminal Division from 2009 until 2013, testified before the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform about his knowledge of the tactics used by federal agents in both the Wide Receiver and Fast and Furious operations. The operation, which allowed illegal firearms to be transported across the U.S. border without being intercepted, resulted in the death of a U.S. Border Patrol agent in 2010. "I did not draw a connection between the two operations and therefore did not alert others," Breuer told the committee. Breuer went on to state that he regrets not connecting the operations and not taking the opportunity to investigate and correct the issue. He also acknowledged that while he was aware of the tactics, he did not inform senior officials at the Justice Department. "I should have spoken up and told the full story to my colleagues, but I failed to do so," Breuer said. The Fast and Furious operation, which ran from 2006 to 2011, was designed to track illegal firearms sold in the United States to the Mexican drug cartels. However, the operation drew widespread criticism after it was discovered that federal agents had allowed more than 2,000 firearms to cross into Mexico without being monitored, and by the end of the operation, many of these weapons had been linked to violent crimes. In 2012, the House of Representatives held then-Attorney General Eric Holder in contempt of Congress for failing to produce documents related to the Fast and Furious operation. The contempt citation was the first ever issued against a sitting attorney general. While Holder argued that he had provided thousands of pages of documents, the House maintained that they were incomplete and withheld key pieces of information. During Breuer's testimony, many committee members questioned his knowledge of the tactics used in these operations and his failure to take action. "You knew what was going on, and yet you did nothing," Rep. Jim Jordan (R-Ohio) told Breuer. "You chose to be silent and not speak up about what was happening." Breuer acknowledged that he had "made mistakes" and failed to connect the dots between the two operations. In response to the hearing, Department of Justice spokesperson, Matthew Miller, stated that the department was committed to ensuring that mistakes made in the past did not happen again. "We appreciate Mr. Breuer's testimony and the committee's interest in this important matter," Miller said. "The Department is committed to finding ways to prevent the type of failures that led to the problems with these operations." The House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform is conducting a wider investigation into the Fast and Furious operation and its aftermath, including the death of U.S. Border Patrol Agent Brian Terry in 2010. Terry's family has filed a wrongful death lawsuit against the federal government, claiming that the operation was "reckless" and that it contributed to his death.