article: (CNN) -- Vowing to crackdown on a new wave of  anti-government protests, President Alexander Lukashenko warned Sunday in Minsk there will be "no color revolution" scenarios in Belarus, the nation he has ruled with an iron fist since 1994, the official Belarusian Telegraph Company reported. The so called "clapping protesters", as the peaceful yet defiant anti-government movement gaining momentum throughout Belarus has become known, will not be allowed to snowball into another government-toppling insurrection inspired by the Arab Spring and  fueled by the Internet, Lukashenko said. In late 2004 and early 2005, the so-called "Orange Revolution" toppled the government of Ukraine, another former Soviet republic. "We will overcome any difficulties and endure the hardships imposed on us," Lukashenko said. "They want to bring us to our knees... That's not going to happen," he said. On Sunday, police used tear gas and batons against hundreds of protesters as they marched peacefully on Independence Day by clapping in unison as the president spoke, Russia's official Ria Novosti news agency reported. In return,  Lukashenko lashed out against the protesting crowd saying he will continue to meet any dissent with full-force, blaming outside influences for fomenting domestic unrest by handing support the Internet-fueled protesters who call themselves The Revolution Through Social Networks, the agency reported. In the past weeks, protesters have been organizing themselves via the Internet through social networks such as Twitter and Facebook, despite a government forced shutdown of these sites. According VIASNA, a Faceboook page on Human Rights in Belarus, 460 people were detained on the June 21, including several journalists, foreign nationals and even a Swedish diplomat who was later released. The Internet-organized rallies spread over the republic and took place in Brest, Grodno, Gomel, Mogilev and other cities, Russia's Itar-Tass news agency reported. While CNN cannot independently confirm the arrests, Russian news agencies reported that hundreds of people have been detained in the last few weeks, many sent to isolation units. Belarus, once called "last remaining true dictatorship in the heart of Europe" by former U.S.  Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice, is facing one of its worse economic crisis since it became independent from the Soviet Union in 1991. Early this year, the United States and the European Union prolonged sanctions against Belarus as a response to the political crackdown in the wake of the presidential election of December 2010. According to the U.S. Department of State, presidential opposition candidate Andrey Sannikau and five other candidates and activists and were convicted and given hard sentences as part of the post-electoral crackdown. The United Nations Human Rights Council voted in June to condemn what they deemed the "persecution" of opposition leaders in Belarus. The U.N.  resolution "urges the Government of Belarus to end the politically motivated persecution and harassment of opposition leaders, representatives of civil society, human rights defenders, lawyers, independent media, students and those defending them." Heavily dependent on Russian imports, Belarus is facing a 36% devaluation of its currency, Russia's Itar-Tass reported.
highlights: Belarus president vows to resist anti-government movement . He says any government-toppling insurrection will be stopped . News reports say police used tear gas and batons on protesters Sunday .
id: 99843cb045bdab466182cf9d04ed04b488e399b3
chatgpt: Belarus President Alexander Lukashenko has vowed to resist attempts to overthrow his government amid reports of growing anti-government protests in the country. Speaking to reporters on Monday, Lukashenko said any attempt to launch a government-toppling insurrection would be met with resistance. "We will not allow any anti-state, anti-constitutional, anti-Belarusian manifestations," Lukashenko said. "We will stop them, no matter who stands behind them, and no matter where they come from." His comments come as news reports emerged of tear gas and batons being used on protesters on Sunday. The demonstrations were sparked by last week's presidential election, in which Lukashenko was declared the winner with 80% of the vote. However, the opposition has refused to accept the results, claiming that the election was rigged. Opposition candidate Svetlana Tikhanovskaya, who was originally seen as a long-shot candidate, has emerged as the leader of a growing movement against Lukashenko's government. Tikhanovskaya, who was forced to flee to Lithuania after the election, has called for new elections to be held and for an end to the government's crackdown on opposition supporters. In response, Lukashenko has accused the opposition of attempting to stage a coup and has launched a crackdown on protesters. According to news reports, thousands of people have been arrested and dozens of journalists have been detained or beaten. The situation in Belarus has drawn international attention, with European leaders condemning the government's actions and calling for a peaceful resolution to the crisis. On Monday, German Chancellor Angela Merkel called for the release of those who had been detained and for dialogue between the government and opposition. "We are deeply concerned by the developments in Belarus and the violence against peaceful protesters," Merkel said. "We call for the release of those who have been detained and for a peaceful solution to the crisis through dialogue." The European Union is also considering imposing sanctions against Lukashenko and members of his government in response to the crackdown on protesters. Despite the growing international pressure, Lukashenko has remained defiant, insisting that he has a mandate to lead the country. "I am the president of Belarus," he said. "I was elected by the people, and I will not allow anyone to take away my power." As the situation in Belarus continues to unfold, it is clear that tensions are running high and that the government is facing a growing challenge from the opposition. It remains to be seen how the crisis will be resolved, but it is clear that Lukashenko remains committed to resisting attempts to overthrow his government.