article: By BEN NAGLE FOR MAILONLINE . France commence their early preparations for hosting Euro 2016 without four familiar faces after international retirements affected the general make-up of Didier Deschamps' squad. Goalkeeper Mickael Landreau, defender Eric Abidal and midfielders Franck Ribery and Samir Nasri have all called time on their careers with Les Bleus, two years before the European Championships come to France. 'They are in charge of their careers, and I must try to understand their decisions,' Deschamps told L'Equipe. 'The important thing is that we have players who want to wear the blue shirt. That desire must come from them.' Mickael Landreau (left) and Eric Abidal (right) have both retired from international football . Manchester City midfielder Samir Nasri (far) has retired from international football, whereas Newcastle's Remy Cabella (near) is just beginning his international career . Franck Ribery has also called a halt to his time in Les Bleu, after making 80 appearances for his country . The changes mean a clutch of younger or less established players including Eliaquim Mangala, Lucas Digne, Morgan Schneiderlin, Remy Cabella and Loic Remy have a chance to impress Deschamps over the next fortnight. A friendly meeting with Spain in Paris on September 4 precedes an away match against Serbia on September 7 - the first of 10 'centralised friendlies' that must be played against the nations in qualifying Group I. There is no place for Arsenal's injured striker Olivier Giroud but his Gunners team-mates Mathieu Debuchy and Laurent Koscielny are included. Mangala and Bakary Sagna represent English champions Manchester City. Newcastle boast two members in the squad - Cabella and Moussa Sissoko - and Hugo Lloris flies the flag for Tottenham, with Remy of QPR also called up. Paris St Germain duo Yohan Cabaye and Blaise Matuidi are the star names from Ligue 1, but in-form Marseille hitman Andre-Pierre Gignac has been omitted. Florian Thauvin, Dimitri Payet, Sebastien Corchia, Layvin Kurzawa and Wissam Ben Yedder are among the other promising France-based players who have been overlooked on this occasion. Goalkeepers: Lloris (Tottenham), Mandanda (Marseille), Ruffier (St Etienne) Defenders: Debuchy (Arsenal); Digne (Paris St Germain), Evra (Juventus), Koscielny (Arsenal), Mangala (Manchester City), Sagna (Manchester City), Sakho (Liverpool), Varane (Real Madrid) Midfielders: Cabaye (Paris St Germain), Matuidi (Paris St Germain), Mavuba (Lille), Pogba (Juventus), Schneiderlin (Southampton) Sissoko (Newcastle) Forwards: Benzema (Real Madrid), Cabella (Newcastle), Griezmann (Atletico Madrid), Lacazette (Lyon), Remy (QPR), Valbuena (Dynamo Moscow)
highlights: Goalkeeper Landreau and defender Abidal have retired from French duty . Nasri and Ribery have also called time on their Les Bleus careers . France face Spain and Serbia on September 4 and 7 respectively .
id: dac6d158bd4b08c5220e1b7a4b40a7830423b73e
chatgpt: In a surprise move, French goalkeeper Landreau and defender Abidal have retired from their national duties with Les Bleus. The unexpected announcement comes just ahead of the team's upcoming games against Spain and Serbia on September 4th and 7th respectively.  Landreau, who currently holds the record for the most Ligue 1 appearances by a player, was a key player for the team, having made his international debut in 2001. The 35-year-old goalkeeper was a regular fixture in the French squad, having played a vital role in their campaign during the 2006 FIFA World Cup in Germany. He also represented France 11 times in the UEFA European Championship and was part of the team that won the tournament in 2003. Abidal, who made his international debut in 2004, was also an indispensable part of the Les Bleus defense. The 41-year-old had a long and illustrious career, which spanned over 15 years with the French team. He participated in the 2008 and 2012 UEFA European Championships and was also part of the team that finished as runners-up in the 2006 FIFA World Cup. The announcement of the retirement of the two stalwarts comes as a shock to the French football fraternity. However, the two veterans have decided to call time on their international careers, citing personal reasons. The duo has made way for a new generation of players to take up the mantle and lead Les Bleus in the upcoming international fixtures. In a similar vein, French midfielder Samir Nasri and winger Franck Ribery have also decided to retire from the national team. The two players, who have been long-serving members of the team, have decided to move on and let the new crop of youngsters take over. Nasri was particularly disappointed with his exclusion from the World Cup squad and has decided to give up his spot in the team. Ribery, who was instrumental in France's campaign in the 2014 World Cup, was hoping to end his international career on a high note. However, the 38-year-old winger has been plagued by injuries in recent times and has decided to hang up his boots. France, led by coach Didier Deschamps, will now have to look towards other players to fill in the void left by the retirements of these four stalwarts. The team will have their task cut out, with matches against Spain and Serbia scheduled in the coming week. They will hope to get off to a good start and build on the performance they put up during the last UEFA European Championship. Overall, the retirement of Landreau, Abidal, Nasri, and Ribery marks the end of an era for French football. The four players have been the backbone of the team for the better part of a decade and their contributions will be greatly missed. However, as the saying goes, "the show must go on," and Les Bleus will be hoping to continue their winning ways, with or without their star players.