article: SEOUL, South Korea (CNN) -- North Korea test-fired a fourth short-range missile off its east coast Thursday, South Korea's Yonhap News Agency reported. North Korean leader Kim Jong Il's administration has become more aggressive in recent months. South Korea's Defense Ministry had earlier confirmed three launches, but could not immediately be reached about the fourth reported missile. The first three missiles were fired at 5:20 p.m., 6 p.m., and 7:50 p.m. local time from Sinsang-ni near the eastern coastal city of Wonsan, a ministry spokesman said. A U.S. official told CNN "the missile firings come as no surprise." "The North has been carrying out provocative acts for some time," said the official, who did not want to be named for security reasons. "North Korea needs to stop this type of activity and return to the process of bringing about a denuclearization of the Korean peninsula." A U.S. intelligence official confirmed the test firings and said there are "no indications whatsoever" of an impending long-range missile test. The intelligence official, who could also not be named for security reasons, said the launches came as no surprise because North Korea had issued a warning to mariners to avoid an area in the Sea of Japan at certain times between June 24 and July 9 because of a "military firing exercise," according to a U.S. military communication about the warning provided to CNN. The North issued a similar warning before testing a long-range missile in April, but that warning indicated two potential danger areas more indicative of a long-range missile test. Thursday's reported test comes amid heightened tensions on the Korean peninsula. North Korea conducted a nuclear test in May, fired test rockets and threatened U.S. and South Korean ships near its territorial waters. Analyst Daniel Pinkston said the reported test might be training for a future test but it could also just be a routine military exercise. "It is worrisome to some degree, but it is different from a ballistic missile launch," said Pinkston, of the International Crisis Group in Seoul, South Korea. "It's part of military training, but there seem to be no movements of troops or anything that would suggest preparations for military operations. "So yes, people are watching it, the military is watching it here, but I don't think it's related to any plans or operations to attack anyone." Russia had a low-key reaction to the reported test. Russian military experts are carefully studying the reports but the launches will not change the political situation, a spokesman for Russia's Foreign Ministry said. CNN's Jill Dougherty in Moscow, Russia and Charley Keyes in Washington, D.C., contributed to this report .
highlights: North Korea reportedly test fires four short-range missiles off its east coast . North Korean government issues warning to mariners ahead of launch . Pyongyang issued similar warning prior to long-range missile launch in April .
id: b724f1558d64db371545f46546e286b9051a9ba6
chatgpt: North Korea test-fired four short-range missiles off its eastern coast on Sunday, according to sources within the South Korean military. The missile launches come amid ongoing tensions with the United States over North Korea's nuclear weapons program. The missiles were launched from the eastern city of Hamhung and flew around 140 miles before landing in the Sea of Japan. The launches were spotted by South Korean military surveillance systems and quickly reported to the country's top military officials. According to the North Korean government, the launches were a routine military exercise aimed at improving the country's defense capabilities. However, many experts believe that the missile tests were also intended as a signal to the United States. The North Korean government issued a warning to mariners ahead of the missile launches, but there were no reports of any ships being in danger. The warning was similar to one issued before a long-range missile launch in April, which was widely condemned by the international community. The U.S. State Department released a statement following the missile launches, saying that they were aware of the reports and are closely monitoring the situation. The statement also reiterated the need for North Korea to comply with international sanctions and return to the negotiating table to address its nuclear program. The timing of the missile launches is particularly interesting, as they came just days after North Korea's leader, Kim Jong Un, sent a letter to U.S. President Donald Trump expressing his desire to resume talks. The two leaders have held two high-profile summits in the past year, but negotiations over denuclearization have stalled since their last meeting in February. Experts say that these missile tests are likely a way for North Korea to pressure the United States into making a deal that is more favorable to them. They also suggest that North Korea may be testing its relationship with China, which has been its closest ally and trade partner for decades. Despite the launch of the missiles, analysts say that the chances of a military conflict remain low. Both North Korea and the United States have expressed a desire to find a diplomatic solution to the ongoing tensions on the Korean peninsula. In the meantime, South Korea and the United States have taken steps to improve their military readiness in the event of an attack from North Korea. The U.S. military announced on Sunday that it had conducted joint exercises with South Korean forces in the region. Overall, these missile tests are a reminder that the situation on the Korean peninsula remains tense, despite recent efforts to improve relations between North Korea and the United States. It is still unclear what the outcome of these tests will be, but they serve as a stark reminder of the potential for conflict in the region.