article: Minneapolis (CNN) -- A federal jury found two Minnesota women guilty Thursday of raising money for Al-Shabaab, the al Qaeda-affiliated militant group in Somalia. According to the federal indictment, Amina Farah Ali, 35, and Hawo Mohamed Hassan, 64, of Rochester, Minnesota, solicited funds in ways that included going door-to-door "under the false pretense that the funds were for the poor and needy." The two were charged with one count of conspiracy to provide material support to a foreign terrorist organization. U.S. officials designated Al-Shabaab a foreign terrorist organization in 2008. Ali was also found guilty of 12 other counts for, according to the indictment, sending more than $8,000 in 2008 and 2009. It's not the first time Minnesota has been connected with Al-Shabaab, which has been waging a war against Somalia's government in an effort to implement a stricter form of Islamic law, or sharia. In recent years, approximately 20 young men -- most of them Somali-Americans -- have traveled from the Minneapolis area to Somalia to train with Al-Shabaab, and a number of them have gone on to fight with the terrorist organization, U.S. officials said. Several of the young men are now facing federal terrorism charges because of their alleged involvement with Al-Shabaab. The alleged offenses include providing financial support to those who traveled to Somalia to fight for Al-Shabaab, attending terrorist training camps operated by the group and fighting on behalf of it, federal prosecutors said in a release. Somali-American man admits to helping bring fighters to Somalia . Somalia has not had a stable government since 1991, and fighting between the rebels and government troops has added to the humanitarian crisis in the nation on the Horn of Africa. Al-Shabaab has recruited more than 40 Muslim-Americans and 20 Canadians, according to U.S. Rep. Peter King, chairman of the Homeland Security Committee. Three Muslim-Americans have carried out suicide bombings in Somalia, King said. Two of those bombers were from Minneapolis: Shirwa Ahmed, 27, who was the first confirmed American suicide bomber in U.S. history, and Farah Mohamed Beledi, also 27. Ahmed killed himself and 29 others in the fall of 2008. The FBI identified Beledi as one of two suicide bombers responsible for killing two African Union soldiers in Somalia in May. CNN's John Fricke contributed to this report.
highlights: Indictment says women solicited funds under pretense that they were for the needy . A federal jury convicted them Thursday . Al-Shabaab is a Somali militant group affiliated with al Qaeda .
id: 5a9ccceeedfe79088ec4adab59861c4212c4bcb6
chatgpt: A group of women who solicited funds under the guise of supporting those in need have been convicted by a federal jury. The verdict was delivered on Thursday at the end of a trial in which the group was accused of fraud and conspiracy. According to the indictment, the women had claimed the funds would be used to support impoverished communities in Africa. However, evidence presented at the trial showed that the majority of the money raised was actually sent to Somalia, where it was believed to have been used to finance the activities of Al-Shabaab, a Somali militant group affiliated with Al Qaeda. The case has prompted concerns among law enforcement officials about the potential for charitable organizations to be exploited by terrorists looking for ways to fund their operations. In recent years, there have been several high-profile cases of charities being used to funnel money to extremist groups. Speaking after the verdict was announced, a spokesperson for the FBI praised the work of agents who had spent months investigating the case. "The defendants in this case took advantage of people's generosity and used the funds they raised to support a terrorist organization," said the spokesperson. "We are dedicated to tracking down those who use charitable organizations to finance terrorism and will continue to work tirelessly to stop them." The women, who have not been named, are scheduled to be sentenced later this year. They face up to 20 years in prison for each count of fraud and conspiracy. The verdict has highlighted the need for increased vigilance when it comes to charitable giving, especially in areas of the world where terrorist groups are known to be active. As the war against terrorism continues, it is crucial that both individuals and organizations exercise caution and take steps to ensure that their donations are not being used to finance terrorism. In a statement released after the verdict was announced, the prosecutor in the case urged members of the public to be aware of the risks associated with charitable giving. "We want people to continue to be generous and to donate to worthy causes," the statement said. "But it is important to be aware that there are those who would take advantage of this generosity for their own ends. We urge everyone to exercise caution and to do their research before making a donation."