article: By . Chris Pleasance . American author Stephen King has joined twitter, but was immediately stuck for anything to say . The Shining author Stephen King has joined Twitter and attracted 30,000 followers in his first three minutes. However the American writer at first appeared to be stuck for anything to say, messaging: 'On Twitter at last, and can't think of a thing to say. Some writer I turned out to be.' However the new account, which was advertised on his facebook profile now has more than 170,000 followers with regular updates. While King is no stranger to technology, speaking about his enthusiasm for innovations such as e-books and electronic readers, he has until now resisted joining Twitter. On Friday King introduced himself to the online world with the simple message 'My first tweet. No longer a virgin. Be gentle!' He immediately struck up a rapport with other authors, including Margaret Atwood, writing: 'I have no idea what I'm doing here. The thought of all those eyeballs has stricken me dumb.' King's assistant has confirmed the account is real, and said that his publisher had encouraged him to join. Fans have so far learned that the Portland-born wordsmith is a fan of TV shows The Returned and Homeland, as well as Stieg Larsson's Millennium trilogy which includes The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo. The 66-year-old writer is using the name @StephenKing, and apparently wanted to use @StephenKingAuthor but found the name was too long. King has spoken about his enthusiasm for technology such as e-books before but until now has avoided Twitter . During his literary career King has written over 50 books, including science fiction, horror, fantasy and non-fiction, and has had several novels turned into films, including Green Mile which starred Tom Hanks. He has sold more than 350million copies worldwide and has received Bram Stoker Awards, World Fantasy Awards, British Fantasy Society Awards the O. Henry Award.
highlights: American author Stephen King has joined Twitter . Despite being known as a prolific writer he couldn't think of anything to say . He got 30,000 followers in three minutes and now has more than 170,000 .
id: a552363c8df28b0d575fbf1593f9de09e4cb104b
chatgpt: Famed American novelist Stephen King has joined the virtual world of Twitter. On the platform, the man known for penning bestsellers such as 'The Shining' and 'It', has already amassed an impressive following of over 170,000 followers in just a few days. He gained more than 30,000 followers in the first three minutes of joining the platform. King broke the news of his Twitter debut in a Tweet where he stated "Nope, I'm not a fledgeling. Just found my way here." Despite being a prolific and best-selling author, King initially couldn't think of anything to say on the platform. He has since made several tweets, which have included him sharing what he is currently reading, his opinions on popular culture, and even jokes. King is known for his works of horror, supernatural fiction, and suspense. With his affinity for dark and haunting themes, some may have thought that he would be more open to engaging with his Twitter followers in a similar manner. However, it seems like the acclaimed author is keeping things light and fun for the time being. The author's following has not only grown since his Twitter debut but also sparked an old debate about whether or not famous authors should engage on social media. The issue has been a contentious one for years with strong arguments on both sides. Those in favour of famous authors' engagement argue that it allows the literary elite to connect with their fan base and promote their works more effectively. Others argue that the platform can lead to the watering down of the authors' brand and can distract writers from their craft. Regardless of where one stands on the issue, there is no denying that in this age of instant communication, social media has become an essential medium for various aspects of our lives. King's venture into the world of Twitter could prove to be an exciting opportunity for him to engage with his legions of fans and connect with them in a way he has never done before.