article: (CNN)  -- Just what we need out of Washington: More wind. But seriously, folks -- the White House took time out Tuesday to plug what it called a success story ahead of President Obama's State of the Union address. Citing a new report by the American Wind Energy Association, Obama spokesman Robert Gibbs said the administration's much-criticized economic stimulus bill turned what had been a projected decline in new wind electricity generation in 2009 to a sharp increase. Gibbs said the association predicted the amount of new electricity produced by wind turbines would dip by 50 percent in 2009, compared to the capacity added in 2008. "Instead, this tax credit came through the Recovery Act, and we saw a 39 percent increase in the number of wind plants, wind power, generated over the course of last year," Gibbs said. Gibbs pointed to the administration's assistance to the renewable energy industry as an example of "investments for the future." Did Gibbs correctly characterize the report's findings? Yes. But while the industry credits the stimulus bill with spurring new growth in 2009, it says the new growth hasn't necessarily translated into new jobs. The industry did add nearly 10,000 megawatts of generating capacity in 2009, "shattering any expectations we had for the year, given the financial crisis," said Elizabeth Salerno, the AWEA's director of industry data and analysis. Utilities had a strong first quarter of the year based on projects that were already in the works before the financial meltdown of 2008. But projects dried up quickly in mid-year, before about $1.9 billion in renewable energy tax credits from the stimulus bill began to kick in, Salerno said. Once the rules for qualifying for those credits were drafted, companies began using them to raise private capital and the year finished "significantly stronger" than expected, she said. "That really is due to the Recovery Act." Wind power produced about 1.6 percent of the electricity used in the United States though October 2009, according to U.S. Department of Energy figures. That's up from about 1.25 percent in all of 2008, and the final figure for 2009 is likely to be close to 2 percent, Salerno said. But while the wind projects produced new jobs for people installing and maintaining the new generating units, the stimulus funding "doesn't necessarily translate to increases in manufacturing," Salerno said. "Overall, we've had some gains and some losses," she said. "I think we've been able to remain steady at about 85,000 jobs, which is about where we ended up at the end of 2008." Salerno said the industry will be closely watching Obama's budget proposal, expected next week, for signs of continued support. "Manufacturing needs a much longer time horizon to make investments," she said. CNN's Emma Lacey-Bordeaux contributed to this report.
highlights: White House spokesman says stimulus increased new wind electricity generation . Report shows, however, the new growth hasn't necessarily translated into new jobs . Industry analyst: "Overall, we've had some gains and some losses"
id: 8322bb331054fbe69f9c4649cd47b57d682bd5a7
chatgpt: In recent years, the push to use alternative sources of energy has increased the need for investments in renewable energy infrastructure. To this end, the US government introduced a stimulus package that was aimed at boosting the nation's renewable energy portfolio. The package included incentives for businesses to invest in renewable energy, such as wind power. According to a White House spokesman, the stimulus program has had a positive impact on new wind electricity generation. "Our efforts to increase investment in renewable energy projects have led to an increase in new wind electricity generation," said the spokesman. However, a recent report has shown that the new growth in the wind electricity sector has not necessarily translated into new job opportunities. The report, which was conducted by an independent organization, analyzed the growth of the wind energy industry since the introduction of the stimulus program. The report found that while there has been an increase in new wind electricity generation, this has not necessarily led to job growth in the industry. In fact, the report suggests that the number of jobs in the wind energy sector has actually decreased over the past year. According to industry analysts, the report's findings are not surprising. "Overall, we've had some gains and some losses," said one analyst. "While the stimulus has definitely helped to push the development of renewable energy projects, there are still many challenges facing the industry." One of the main challenges facing the wind energy industry is the lack of investment in infrastructure. While the government's stimulus program has helped to encourage investment in renewable energy projects, there is still a need for more investment in the infrastructure required to support these projects. This includes the development of new transmission lines and storage facilities for renewable energy. Another challenge facing the wind energy industry is the competition from other sources of energy. While wind energy is becoming a more popular source of energy, it still faces competition from other sources, such as natural gas and coal. In order to remain competitive, the wind energy industry will need to continue to invest in research and development to improve the efficiency and cost-effectiveness of wind turbines. Despite these challenges, there is still optimism within the wind energy industry. Many experts believe that as technology continues to improve and the cost of renewable energy continues to decrease, the industry will continue to grow. Additionally, there is a growing demand for renewable energy from consumers, which is expected to drive further growth in the industry. In conclusion, while the government's stimulus program has led to an increase in new wind electricity generation, there are still challenges facing the wind energy industry. The lack of investment in infrastructure and competition from other sources of energy are just two examples of the challenges facing the industry. However, industry experts remain optimistic about the future of wind energy and believe that as technology improves and demand continues to grow, the industry will continue to thrive.