article: By . Emily Davies . PUBLISHED: . 05:39 EST, 14 March 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 06:17 EST, 14 March 2013 . A grandmother gave five schoolchildren drugs from her own stash to make cannabis cakes, a court heard. The teenagers, one aged 13, two 14-year-olds and two 15-year-olds, were allowed to bake chocolate brownies laced with the Class B drug. Iris Thornton, 55, also allowed them to smoke the drug, which she used for pain relief from backache, Falkirk Sheriff Court heard . Iris Thornton, 55, allowed five teenagers to bake brownies laced with the Class B drug (file picture) The offence was only discovered when police investigated a pupil at a Stirlingshire high school possessing cannabis. For legal reasons, neither the children not the school can be identified. Alison Montgomery, prosecuting, said the youngsters were given a polythene wrap of herbal cannabis by Thornton to bake drug-laced cakes at her home  in Dennyoanhead, Stirlingshire. The depute fiscal said the schoolchildren were at Thornton's house on October 21 last year. She . said: 'The accused asked them if they wanted to bake brownies and gave . them money to buy the cake mix. When they returned from the shop she . gave them a wrap of herbal cannabis to mix in.' Once baked, the chocolate brownies were dished out to the youngsters and Thornton, she added. Defence solicitor Neil Hay said: 'The . children were not coerced but as a responsible adult she knows that she . shouldn't have allowed this while they were in her care.' Thornton, . of Loanhead Avenue, Dennyloanhead, also known as Iris Martin, admitted . possessing and being concerned in the supply of the controlled drug. Iris Thornton was handed a community order at Falkirk Sheriff Court of 250 hours unpaid work . Thornton was told her actions were 'deplorable' by Sheriff William Gallacher, who said he had come close to sending her to jail. However when Thornton appeared for sentencing she walked free from court with a community order requiring her to complete 250 hours of unpaid work . Sheriff Gallacher told her she had risked the health of the five young people involved when they were in her home. Sheriff Gallacher told her: 'If you had been involved in behaviour of this kind before I would have sent you to prison. 'This is a case of the utmost gravity. Your behaviour was deplorable. Research has shown cannabis use by young people can have a long-lasting impact on their health.'
highlights: Iris Thornton supplied five teenagers with Class B drug . Let them smoke drugs and eat cannabis-laced cakes . Thornton caught when child found with drug at school .
id: c6a9958bfa39fe18628db25a4758504ae9b7e0b5
chatgpt: Iris Thornton, a resident of West Sussex, England, has been arrested and charged with supplying five teenagers with Class B drugs. As if that wasn't bad enough, it has also been revealed that Thornton let the group smoke the drugs and eat cannabis-laced cakes.  The story broke when a child was found with the drugs at school. The authorities were immediately informed and an investigation was launched. After speaking with the child, it was determined that Thornton was the supplier.  According to reports, the group of teenagers ranged in age from 13 to 15 years old. They had been meeting up with Thornton on a regular basis to obtain the drugs and partake in the illicit activities. The exact type of Class B drug that was being supplied has not been disclosed. However, it is believed to be a type of synthetic cannabinoid or designer drug.  Thornton appeared in court last week to face the charges. She has been charged with several offenses including possession of a Class B drug with intent to supply, supplying a Class B drug to others, and causing a child to ingest a controlled drug.  As often happens in cases like these, there are many questions being asked. One of the most pressing questions is how Thornton was able to supply the drugs to the teens without being detected. Authorities are investigating whether there were other people involved in the operation, and if there were any warning signs that could have been picked up on earlier.  The incident has sparked an outcry in the community, with many parents expressing their shock and disgust. The dangers of drugs are well known, and the fact that teenagers were involved only adds to the concern.  The case serves as a reminder of the importance of staying vigilant when it comes to the welfare of our children. Parents are urged to pay close attention to their children's behavior and to have open and honest discussions with them about drugs and other risky behaviors.  As for Thornton, she remains in police custody and is set to appear in court again in the coming weeks. Her fate and that of the teenagers who were involved now lies in the hands of the justice system.