article: A new book about business mogul Sir Richard Branson claims his bold plans for a space tourism company are in danger of turning into an expensive 'white elephant'. Branson Behind The Mask, by Tom Bower, claims Virgin Galactic hasn't got a powerful enough rocket to take customers into space and no licence from American aviation chiefs to do so, despite the billionaire's confident claims that flights will begin in Autumn. 'Virgin Galactic is in danger of turning into a white elephant,' he told the Sunday Times. He added that Branson had so far only managed to 'fire a primitive rocket for 20 seconds in the Earth's atmosphere'. Scroll down for video . Failure to launch: Sir Richard Branson's bold plans for space tourism may be floundering, according to a new book . During a test flight in California, Virgin Galactic's SpaceShipTwo reached a top speed of Mach 1.4. But the author says more needs to be done to get tourists into orbit . So far Virgin Galactic has accepted more than £42million in deposits from approximately 580 individuals, according to its website. It has also applied for a licence from the US Federal Aviation Administration. The news comes as it emerged that Chinese nationals have been banned from boarding Branson’s space flights – in case they steal the rocket technology. Tycoons from China have been told they cannot be among the space tourists because of anti-espionage regulations in the US, from where the British firm’s first commercial flights are due to take off later this year. Writer Tom Bower (right) is known for his biographies of the rich and influential . A spokesman for Branson said Virgin Galactic had made good progress, adding: 'Our scheduling has always been predicated on doing it the right way, not the fast way.' Virgin Galactic, owned by Sir Richard’s Virgin Group and and an Abu Dhabi-based investment firm, aims to be the world’s first commercial spaceline. New spaceships (SpaceShipTwo, VSS Enterprise) and carrier craft (WhiteKnightTwo, VMS Eve) are being developed for Virgin Galactic’s vehicle fleet by Mojave-based Scaled Composites. Last week SpaceShipTwo reached its maximum velocity of Mach 1.4, which is equivalent to approximately 767mph at sea level.The speeds during this third test flight also helped the aircraft reach an altitude of 71,000ft. Bower, a journalist and investigative historian, has previously published a book on Branson and has also written books about Robert Maxwell, Mohamed Al-Fayed, Gordon Brown and Simon Cowell. In 2003, Bower won the William Hill Sports Book of the Year Award for Broken Dreams, an investigation into corruption in English football.
highlights: Biographer says space tourism firm is struggling to get off ground . So far Virgin Galactic has taken £42million in deposits from customers . Writer Tom Bower says project could become costly 'white elephant' Chinese nationals will not be able to fly because of U.S. spy laws .
id: 53878dfcd137e31f38a7549b3210dbab8ab9da88
chatgpt: Virgin Galactic, the space tourism firm founded by British billionaire Sir Richard Branson, has hit a major snag according to a new biography. The company, which has taken £42m ($55m) in deposits from customers eager to experience weightlessness and the view of Earth from space, is struggling to get off the ground, says author Tom Bower in his new book "Taking on the World." Bower's biography, which offers a behind-the-scenes look at the company, suggests that Virgin Galactic may be nothing more than an expensive and risky venture that could become a white elephant. Virgin Galactic has struggled to meet its launch targets and has suffered setbacks, including a fatal test flight in 2014 that claimed the life of a pilot. The book reveals that despite years of effort, Virgin Galactic has yet to launch a single tourist flight into space. The firm has repeatedly pushed back its target launch date, and despite recent progress, it remains unclear when the company will finally send a spaceship into orbit. One key issue is international regulations prohibiting Chinese nationals from flying due to U.S. spy laws. This means that Virgin Galactic will not be able to sell tickets to the world's largest population. Meanwhile, Virgin Galactic's main rival, SpaceX, has made significant strides in space tourism. In 2018, the Elon Musk-led company announced that it had signed up Japanese billionaire Yusaku Maezawa for a flight around the moon. The flight is tentatively scheduled for 2023. While Virgin Galactic has attracted significant interest, it is still unclear whether the company will ever become a viable business. The firm's challenges extend beyond regulatory issues to fundamental questions about the economics of space tourism. The cost of a single ticket is estimated to be more than £200,000, which means that only the world's wealthiest individuals will be able to afford it. Despite these challenges, Sir Richard Branson remains optimistic that Virgin Galactic will eventually become successful. In a recent interview, Branson said that the firm had made "tremendous progress" and was getting "nearer and nearer" to commercial space flights. In the end, the question of whether Virgin Galactic will become a viable business remains unanswered. However, one thing is clear: the firm faces significant obstacles in its quest to make space tourism a reality. As interest in space travel continues to grow, the eyes of the world will be on Virgin Galactic to see whether it can finally achieve liftoff.