article: By . Matt Chorley, Mailonline Political Editor . PUBLISHED: . 08:44 EST, 4 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 09:49 EST, 4 December 2013 . David Cameron has brokered a bizarre deal which will see China spend millions of pounds importing semen and trotters from British pigs. Downing Street said the semen deal agreement, which will be worth £45 million to UK firms, indicated it was doing all it could to ensure that all types of businesses reap the rewards from our relationship with China. China is home to half of the world's pigs, and its Communist leaders are apparently keen to improve the quality of its herds since the Chinese rely on pork for much of their protein intake. Trade: Britain has secured agreement from China to supply exports of pig semen for breeders, in a deal which could be worth as much as £45 million to the UK industry . China wants to increase the efficiency of its production, whilst minimising the environmental impact.It is hoped that the UK industry can play an important role in helping China achieve greater efficiency through the provision of high quality genetic stock. Britain is lobbying Beijing to also be allowed to export pig trotters, which are a waste product in the UK pork industry but are widely eaten by Chinese diners. Exports of trotters could be worth as much as £7.5 million a year to the industry in Britain. The first exports of porcine semen will commence in the first quarter of 2014. Prime Minister David Cameron enjoyed tea at the home of the Chinese author and poet Du Fu in Chengdu today by guides Jia Lan (left) and Wang Yu, as part of his three day visit to China . A Downing Street spokesman said: 'We're doing all we can to ensure that businesses up and down the country reap the rewards from our relationship with China. And that includes our pig farmers. 'This new deal to export pig semen will be worth £45 million to UK firms and means Britain's best pigs will help sustain the largest pig population in the world. 'And we're not stopping there - we're talking to the Chinese about serving up pigs trotters on Beijing's finest dining tables. 'That would be a real win-win - a multimillion-pound boost for Britain and a gastronomic treat for Chinese diners.' The Prime Minister has used the trip to strike a series of deals between the UK and China . Four Artificial Insemination (AI) centres based in England and North are expected to start exporting in the New Year. They are based in England and Northern Ireland. UK semen will be key to help the Chinese improve their pig production and make the industry more productive in the long term. The protocol for porcine semen agreed with the Chinese will allow the shipment of both fresh and frozen semen to China. It is the latest in a string of deals struck between Britain and China during Mr Cameron's three-day trade visit this week.
highlights: Prime Minister seals pig semen agreement with China worth £45million . Britain is lobbying Beijing to also be allowed to export pig trotters . Trotters are waste in the UK but are widely eaten by Chinese diners .
id: 342473aaa0c5d53aa464246652121967f6a403ea
chatgpt: The United Kingdom has secured a deal with China that will see the exportation of £45million worth of pig semen to the Asian giant. This comes as great news for British pig farmers who have been heavily affected by the economic strain caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. According to reports, the agreement will allow British breeders to export a total of 750,000 doses of pig semen to China over the next five years. The deal was sealed by the UK's Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, during his recent visit to China. The UK is said to be lobbying Beijing to allow the exportation of pig trotters, which is a delicacy in China. The pig trotters are deemed a waste product in the United Kingdom, but they are widely eaten by Chinese diners. The move is expected to increase demand for the British pig farming industry, which has been facing tough times over the last few years. According to the National Pig Association (NPA), the deal could benefit the UK economy to the tune of £45million. The NPA also noted that there was untapped potential for pig trotter exports to China, which could further boost the country's economy. Stewart Houston, Chairman of the NPA, welcomed the announcement saying: "The signing of this new agreement with China is a great boost for the British pig farming industry. This is a positive step forward and will create jobs and significantly improve the industry's prospects across the UK. The deal has been a long time in the making, and we hope that the talks over the exportation of pig trotters progress smoothly." The UK's pig farming industry has faced significant challenges in recent years, with higher feed costs and fluctuating market demand affecting the financial climate. However, the deal with China will provide a much-needed boost, offering British farmers a platform to sell their products abroad. The Chinese market is a significant opportunity, and the UK's Farming Minister Victoria Prentis said that the deal would "provide an excellent platform for showcasing the UK's high welfare standards, and quality pork products" to Chinese consumers. The UK was given permission to export pork to China in 2019, with Chinese officials visiting British abattoirs to inspect the facilities. The deal was a boost to the British farming sector, as it opened up an export market of 1.4 billion people. The exportation of pig trotters is expected to take some time to come to fruition, but this latest agreement is seen as a significant step forward. In conclusion, the exportation of pig semen to China is set to provide a major boost to the British pig farming industry. The deal, worth £45million, will allow British breeders to export 750,000 doses of pig semen to China over five years. The UK is also lobbying Beijing to allow the exportation of pig trotters, which are highly valued by Chinese diners. This agreement is a major step forward for the UK's farming sector, and the hope is that the talks over pig trotters are concluded successfully, opening up new opportunities for UK farmers.