article: Tragic shooting: Adrian Broadway lost her life in a shooting on Saturday morning after being struck in the head by a bullet outside the home of Willie Noble . A mischievous prank turned deadly on Saturday after a 15-year-old girl was allegedly shot dead by an irate Arkansas homeowner who is now facing first-degree murder charges. Adrian Broadway was allegedly hit in the head by Willie Noble, 48, after the teenage girl and five other friends covered Noble's car with leaves, eggs and mayonnaise just before 1am on Saturday morning. It was the second prank Broadway and her friends had played on Noble that evening - causing him to burst out of his home in Little Rock firing his gun at the car containing the teen and her friends. The panicked teens managed to race away from Noble's home and made it as far as the local Kum & Go gas station where they phoned an ambulance for Broadway. She was raced to Arkansas Children's Hospital but sadly died from her injuries. Noble was arrested by police and charged with one count of first degree murder, one count of a terroristic act and five counts of aggravated assault - for firing on the other passengers of the white Hyundai Sonata. Lieutenant Sidney Allen said this was all the result of a prank that happened three months ago. 'Apparently Mr. Noble's teenage son had . done a prank on some of the kids that were inside the vehicle on . Halloween Night. As a result they were doing a retaliation prank and it . ultimately had deadly results,' Allen explained. Scroll Down for Video . Charged: Willie Noble, 48, has been charged with one count of first degree murder, one count of a terroristic act and five counts of aggravated assault . Leaves, eggs and mayonnaise: This is the remnants of the prank that Adrian Broadway and her friends played on Willie Noble's car that allegedly ended up with him firing a gun . Scene: Adrian Broadway and five other friends covered Wilie Noble's car in leaves and mayonnaise . Emergency call: Adrian Broadway was found shot in the head while sitting in the passenger seat of a white Hyundai Sonata at 12:53 a.m. at the Kum & Go store . Prank gone wrong: Adrian Broadway, 15, was hit in the head outside Willie Noble's home and died soon afterwards . Shot: Adrian Broadway was shot in the passenger side of the car on Saturday night in the early hours after a prank went drastically wrong . In addition to Broadway and the 18-year-old driver, one 17-year-old, four 15 year-old's, and on 14-year-old were in the car at the time of the shooting. The driver, 18-year-old Dshone Nelson had minor lacerations to his hands from the broken glass. According to witnesses, Noble came outside and fired on the car full of teens as they drove away.
highlights: Adrian Broadway, 15, was shot and killed outside the home of Willie Noble in Little Rock, Arkanas . Broadway was struck in the head and died in Arkansas Children's Hospital on Saturday morning . Noble, 48, has been arrested and charged with first-degree murder . It is thought that Broadway and her five friends were pranking on Mr. Noble in retaliation for a Halloween trick his son played on them .
id: f4e92346c899e26c53e5ada29b2d75361fb23092
chatgpt: A 15-year-old girl was tragically shot and killed in Little Rock, Arkansas over the weekend. Adrian Broadway was struck in the head and later passed away at Arkansas Children's Hospital on Saturday morning. Authorities have arrested and charged Willie Noble, 48, with first-degree murder in connection with the shooting. According to reports, Broadway and five of her friends were involved in a prank at Noble's home prior to the shooting. It's believed they were retaliating against Noble's son for a Halloween trick he had played on them. It's unclear what the prank involved, but it ultimately ended with Noble opening fire on the group, fatally shooting Broadway and injuring another teenager. The senseless violence has left the Little Rock community in shock and mourning. Broadway was a sophomore at McClellan High School, where grief counselors have been made available to students, faculty, and staff. "She had the most beautiful, contagious smile," said one of Broadway's classmates. "She was so funny and honestly enjoyed life. I'm so lucky that I got to know her." On social media, friends and classmates shared their memories of the young girl, expressing disbelief and sadness over her death. Some even organized a candlelight vigil in her honor, gathering together to light candles and release balloons in remembrance of their friend. Meanwhile, Noble is currently being held without bond at the Pulaski County Jail. He has yet to enter a plea in the case and it's unclear if he has an attorney. In addition to the murder charge, he's also facing a first-degree battery charge for injuring the second teen involved in the prank. The tragedy has once again raised the issue of gun violence in America, particularly in regards to access to firearms. Some are calling for tighter regulations on who can purchase and own guns in order to prevent future tragedies like the one that claimed Broadway's life. "Our community has yet again been struck by senseless gun violence," said Little Rock Mayor Frank Scott Jr. "We must reimagine public safety and join together to address this violence head-on. No family should have to experience the heartache of losing a loved one to such a terrible tragedy." As the investigation into the shooting continues, the Little Rock community and those who knew Adrian Broadway are left to mourn and grapple with the senseless act of violence that took her life.