article: Sir Chris Hoy has posted touching pictures of his baby son who was born 11 weeks premature on what would have been his due date. The six-time Olympic champion became a dad for the first time when his wife Sarra, 33, gave birth to Callum David Robert Hoy at 29 weeks on October 15. Earlier this month, the couple received an early Christmas present when they were allowed to take the tiny tot home. The 38-year-old sportsman tweeted then and now shots on Twitter, adding: 'Today was Callum's due date, but he arrived 11 weeks early. Amazing how far he's come since then, we're so thankful.' Premature: Sir Chris Hoy's wife Sarra, 33, gave birth to Callum at 29 weeks on October 15 . Now: The couple took their son home earlier this month and the Olympian posted this picture on what would have been Callum's due date . Last month, Sir Chris proudly tweeted his first picture of baby Callum in his hospital cot. He wrote: 'Thanks for all your messages for Callum. He's doing well so far and says hi!' Mrs Hoy retweeted the photograph and told her followers: 'The messages of support we've received about Callum mean so much. 'From the bottom of our hearts, thank you. They have really, truly helped.' Sir Chris had previously shared a picture just showing Callum's tiny hand clutching his finger and alongside it he wrote: 'Although v. early days for wee Callum, he's doing well as is Sarra. Huge thanks to incredible medical staff.' Proud father Sir Chris tweeted this picture of baby Callum David Robert Hoy, who was born 11 weeks early . Sir Chris married Sarra, pictured together, in 2010 and announced they were expecting their first child in June . Sir Chris previously tweeted this touching picture of baby Callum's tiny hand holding his finger . And Sir Chris had also taken to Twitter to confirm the birth of his 'beautiful baby son' on October 15 and admitted he was 'a little shocked' with the early arrival who was born 11 weeks early. He said: 'Amazed, delighted & a little shocked to announce the birth of our beautiful baby son, Callum David Robert Hoy! Born at 29weeks, today at 2pm.' The sporting star previously spoke of his excitement about becoming a father for the first time. He said: 'I think maybe I'm just blindly optimistic that it's going to be great fun and dead easy. 'I'm sure it won't be, I'm sure there'll be lots of tough things but I'm just very excited. It all seems to have happened at the right time.' Sir Chris married lawyer Sarra in 2010 and announced on Twitter that they were expecting their first child on June 25. Since retiring from cycling last year, the star has taken up motorsport with plans to compete at the 24-hour Le Mans race in 2016.
highlights: Six-time Olympic champion became a dad for the first time in October . Wife Sarra gave birth at 29 weeks to son who came home earlier this month . Today, Callum's due date, Sir Chris took to Twitter to show baby's progress . Posted then and now pictures, adding: 'Amazing how far he's come since then, we're so thankful'
id: 856b990dbb086d4b5e040ad45579407f14642515
chatgpt: Olympic champion Sir Chris Hoy has taken to Twitter to share the progress of his newborn son, who arrived prematurely in October. The six-time gold medal-winning cyclist became a father for the first time when his wife Sarra gave birth to the yet to be named baby at just 29 weeks. However, after spending several weeks in hospital, the baby was finally allowed to come home earlier this month. On what would have been the baby's due date, Sir Chris posted a heartfelt message on Twitter, sharing then and now pictures of the little one. Alongside the images, the proud new father wrote: "Today was supposed to be his due date, but he arrived early and spent his first few weeks fighting in neonatal care. Amazing how far he's come since then, we're so thankful." The post was met with an outpouring of support and congratulations from the cycling community and beyond, with many expressing their joy at the good news. Sir Chris' Twitter followers have watched as he chronicled his journey to fatherhood over the past few months, from sharing sweet pictures of Sarra's growing bump to posting updates from the hospital. It is clear that the veteran cyclist is ecstatic to have become a father and is cherishing every moment spent with his new family. Speaking to the press, he spoke of his gratitude for the NHS staff who had looked after both his wife and newborn during their stay in hospital. He praised their professionalism and dedication, remarking that he would never forget the care they had received. The former track cyclist has been enjoying a well-deserved retirement from competitive cycling and has turned his attention to various other activities. He has invested in a number of startup companies, including an electric bike firm, and has also been involved in charity work. However, it seems that fatherhood may be his greatest adventure yet. Fans of the Olympic legend will be thrilled to see these updates on his new life as a dad and will no doubt be following his journey with bated breath. Sir Chris is a national treasure, and it is heartwarming to see him embrace this new chapter in his life so fully. As for the new baby, it seems he is doing well and thriving under his parents' watchful care. While his name has yet to be revealed publicly, there is no doubt that he will be raised with the same determination and grit that has made his father such a success both on and off the track.