article: Washington (CNN) -- Democrats and Republicans squared off in the 50th annual Congressional Baseball Game at Nationals Park Thursday night. Unlike the midterm elections, the Republicans never led in this one, falling to the Democrats 8-2 in front of more than 7,000 people. Freshmen Rep. Cedric Richmond, D-Louisiana, shone on the mound for the Democrats going five innings before giving up a hit. "We gained 87 seats in the last election, they gained three but one of theirs is a pitcher from New Orleans, Cedric Richmond, who I do want to point out to Mr. Richmond that the Congressional salary is $175,000. The Major League minimum salary $350,000 and I know the owner of the Astros and the Texas Rangers," said Republican coach Rep. Joe Barton, R-Texas. While Democrats and Republicans were adversaries on the field, Democratic coach Rep. Mike Doyle, D-Pennsylvania, says he hopes events like this can help make bipartisanship a little more likely on Capitol Hill. "It gives us a chance to get to know one another and it helps a lot when you see someone on the floor that you played ball with, you have something else in common with them," Doyle said. "You're going to give them the benefit of the doubt and be a little bit more civil." Barton agreed. "It does, it honestly does help," Barton said. "We spend a lot of time on the floor talking baseball; that makes it easier when we do try to talk policy." Congress played their first baseball game in 1909 with a few interruptions such as the Great Depression and World War II. Ticket proceeds from this year's game raised more than $150,000 for The Washington Literacy Council and The Boys and Girls Club of Greater Washington.
highlights: The Republicans fall to the Dems 8-2 . Participants say the event helps improve relations . The event raised money for literacy and childrens charities in Washington .
id: c646471ac3d5240844b9ae78f949ffc29a4215ac
chatgpt: In a recent friendly competition, the Republicans were defeated by the Democrats with a score of 8-2. Despite the loss, participants said that the event was a success in terms of improving relations between the two parties. The event, which took place in Washington, D.C., was not just about winning or losing. It was also a platform to raise money for literacy and children's charities. Charitable causes were at the center of the event and both teams worked together to raise funds for a local charity. The event was supported by people from both parties who came together to enjoy a fun-filled evening of friendly competition. Participants noted that the event was a great way to come together and celebrate the common good. "Even though we were competing against each other, we were also working together for a good cause," one participant said. "It was great to see people from both parties unite for a good cause." The money raised will benefit literacy programs and children's charities in Washington. The charities support early childhood education initiatives such as after-school programs, mentorship programs, and educational support services. "The money that we raised will make a big difference in the lives of children in our community," another participant said. "It was great to be a part of something that has such a lasting impact." The event was a success in both bringing people together and raising money for charity. Although the Democrats may have won the competition, the true winners are the children and families who will benefit from the money raised. Everyone who participated in the friendly competition can be proud of their efforts to support a good cause, and of the improved relations between two political parties that too often find themselves at odds.