article: By . Mark Prigg . PUBLISHED: . 10:26 EST, 18 December 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 10:44 EST, 18 December 2012 . TalkTalk has finally shaken its title as the most complained-about broadband provider, having been replaced by Orange, according to the latest Ofcom figures. Complaints about Orange’s service spiked in September, apparently related to it withdrawing its free broadband offer unless customers bought line rental from the company. TalkTalk was the second most complained-about broadband provider, with BT also generating above-average complaints, the regulator’s figures for July to September show. Ofcom revealed that over 300 people a day are complaining about their broadband service - with Orange now the most complained- about service provider . Sky’s broadband service attracted the fewest complaints. An Ofcom spokesman said : 'Overall, . complaints levels are much lower for pay-TV and ‘pay-as-you-go’ mobile . telephone services than for broadband services, landline telephone and . ‘pay monthly’ mobile telephone services.' TalkTalk spokesman Charles Whitney claimed the firm had made 'significant improvements' during the year. He said: 'Complaints about landline . services are 50 per cent down year-on-year with broadband complaints . down 36 per cent in that period. 'We have invested in our online . customer support - which now accounts for over 70 per cent of customer . contacts , and offer more support when people move home. 'When issues do arise, we increasingly . fix them first time. 'We will continue to look for ways to better serve . our customers while continuing to provide the great value we are known . for.' Colourful: The inside of an Orange retail store. The firm's broadband service today became the most complained about in Britain . Ofcom said it received an average of 300 complaints a day about the range of communications providers, after customers had been unable to resolve their problems in the first instance with the company concerned. The seventh quarterly report, which aims to help consumers decide which service or provider to choose and incentivise suppliers, found TalkTalk generated the most complaints among landline providers, with complaints about BT also above the industry average. Virgin Media and Sky jointly achieved the fewest number of complaints among landline providers.Among pay TV providers, Ofcom received the most complaints about BT Vision - which remained six times greater than the industry average. Virgin Media also attracted above-average complaints, while Sky had the lowest number of complaints.
highlights: Regulator Ofcom says it receives over 300 calls a day from people unhappy with their broadband provider . Sky's broadband service attracted the fewest complaints .
id: 1c9a341cd454d466f111d30aad8b506263c85e03
chatgpt: A new report released by the UK's regulator Ofcom has revealed that there has been a sharp increase in the number of complaints related to broadband services. According to the report, over 300 calls are received by Ofcom every day from people who are unhappy with their broadband providers. The report indicates that some of the most common complaints relate to issues with connection speeds, service reliability, and billing disputes. It appears that customers are finding it increasingly difficult to get the level of service they expect from their broadband providers, and the number of complaints has risen accordingly. Despite the overall increase in complaints, the report also revealed that some broadband providers are performing better than others. In particular, Sky's broadband service attracted the fewest complaints, with only 7 complaints per 100,000 customers. This compares favorably to the industry average of 52 complaints per 100,000 customers. The report suggests that there are several factors contributing to the differences in performance between broadband providers. For example, providers who invest more in their network infrastructure tend to be more reliable and offer better speeds. Providers who offer better customer service and support are also likely to receive fewer complaints. The report also highlights the importance of competition in the broadband marketplace. Ofcom notes that customers who have a choice of providers are more likely to be satisfied with their service, as they can switch to a provider who offers a better service if they are unhappy with their current provider. Ofcom is now urging broadband providers to take action to improve their performance and reduce the number of complaints they receive. This could include investing in network infrastructure, improving customer service and support, and offering better-value packages to customers. Commenting on the report, an Ofcom spokesperson said: "It is clear that there is still work to be done to ensure that broadband customers receive the level of service they expect. We will be working closely with broadband providers to help them address the issues raised in this report and improve their overall performance." Overall, the report highlights the challenges facing the broadband industry as it deals with the increasing demand for faster and more reliable broadband services. While some providers are performing well, others need to take action to improve their service and reduce the number of complaints they receive from customers.