article: (CNN) -- One hundred years after firing the shot that set off World War I, Gavrilo Princip was toasted by some Saturday in Sarajevo -- whether they wore T-shirts emblazoned with his face or admired a statue recently unveiled in his honor. Today, opinions on Princip are mixed. Some in Bosnia-Herzegovina -- of which Sarajevo is the capital -- think he was a terrorist, reported CNN affiliate N1 in Yugoslavia. But there are also a number of Bosnian Serbs who view him as a hero. 7 things you didn't know about Gavrilo Princip . The former viewpoint was on display in Friday's unveiling of a statue of Princip in Sarajevo. Media footage showed officials clapping as others looked on to catch a glimpse of the life-sized portrayal. The unveiling of the statue was one of many events, including concerts and symposiums, Sarajevo is holding this weekend to mark the start of World War I. Princip was 19 years old June 28, 1914, when he assassinated Austro-Hungarian Archduke Franz Ferdinand and his wife, Sophia, as the couple rode in an automobile through the streets. "The shooting acted as a trigger, metastasizing from a Balkan street corner into a continental crisis by releasing pent-up tension between rival blocs of Great European Powers: the Austro-Hungarian Empire and Germany on one side and France, Russia and Great Britain on the other," Tim Butcher, author of "The Trigger: Hunting the Assassin who Brought the World to War," wrote in an op-ed piece for CNN.com. Millions were killed in the conflict that changed the political landscape of Europe . The 'bionic men' of World War I . How World War I gave us 'cooties'
highlights: Gavrilo Princip fired the shots on June 28, 1914 . He fatally shot Austro-Hungarian Archduke Franz Ferdinand and his wife . The assassination is considered the start of World War I .
id: ac645adf544ff06300692c3194ae05facefd9410
chatgpt: On June 28, 1914, a young Bosnian Serb named Gavrilo Princip fired the shots that sparked World War I. It was a sunny day in Sarajevo, Bosnia, and Austro-Hungarian Archduke Franz Ferdinand and his wife Sophie had just arrived in the city. The couple was touring the area to inspect their empire's military forces. Little did they know that Princip, a member of a secret organization known as The Black Hand, had planned a fatal attack on their lives. As the Archduke and his motorcade approached, Princip waited along the route with his pistol in hand. When the car slowed down in front of him, he fired two shots. The first hit the Archduke in the neck while the second struck his wife in the stomach. The couple was rushed to a nearby hospital, but they both died within hours. The assassination of Franz Ferdinand was a major event that triggered a chain reaction of events leading to World War I. Austria-Hungary blamed Serbia for the assassination and demanded that they take responsibility. When Serbia refused, Austria-Hungary declared war on them. This led to a series of alliances and declarations of war between different nations, ultimately resulting in one of the deadliest conflicts in history. Gavrilo Princip was eventually apprehended and put on trial. He was sentenced to 20 years in prison, but unfortunately died there in 1918 due to tuberculosis. Regardless, his actions on that fateful day had far-reaching and devastating consequences. The world would never be the same again. Despite the century that has passed since the assassination, the event remains an important lesson to us all on the power of individual actions to change the course of history.