article: By . Martha De Lacey . PUBLISHED: . 06:20 EST, 26 June 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 06:20 EST, 26 June 2012 . He's eaten dog in Korea, cobra bile in China and waxed lyrical about the joys of foie gras. And now food writer Tom Parker Bowles has upset vegan parents who impose their own diet upon their children by lambasting them as 'ridiculous hippies' who are 'guilty of child abuse'. The gastronomic son of the Duchess of Cornwall made the controversial comments on ITV's This Morning - during a cooking segment in which he demonstrated how to make family-friendly fish cakes from sustainable cod and salmon - and tweeting vegans were not amused. Food for thought: Meat-eating Tom Parker Bowles upset tweeting vegans with his comments on ITV's This Morning that forcing a vegan diet upon young children was 'child abuse' While adding butter to his potato mix, Parker Bowles told presenters Philip . Schofield and Holly Willoughby: 'Everyone needs butter because butter is . flavour, and this whole idea that you don't give children fat.....too much fat is bad, but children need fat for their brains to develop. 'All . these ridiculous hippies who bang on and tell us that we shouldn't be . eating this, we should be eating vegan raw diets...for children, that's . child abuse, I think.' The food writer was referring to an earlier feature during the Monday morning show when two mothers had debated whether or not it was acceptable for parents to have sex while their baby was asleep in the same bed - with one mother branding the practice tantamount to child abuse. Something fishy: Tom Parker Bowles shows Philip Schofield and Holly Willoughby how to make fishcakes for all the family, offending vegan parents in the process . Following Parker Bowles' comments, vegan Twitter users began to vent their anger, branding him 'ill informed' and an 'ignorant ass', with one declaring he had reported the incident to TV watchdog Ofcom. Parker Bowles and other non-vegans then joined the Twitter debate, which soon evolved into one about sustainable fishing. The writer apologised for the joke but maintained his stance that babies should not be fed vegan diets. Extracts from the Twitter conversation can be read below. 'Ignorant': A vegan Twitter user is offended by Parker Bowles' comments . Sorry: Tom Parker Bowles apologised for the joke but maintained his stance that babies should not be fed vegan diets . Twitter frenzy: Both vegans and non-vegans took to Twitter to debate Parker Bowles' comments about vegan parents .
highlights: Duchess of Cornwall's foodie son faces wrath of Twitter veggies .
id: b577dffd072c6352bb0a6c5a051bf755a89525c4
chatgpt: The Duchess of Cornwall's son, Tom Parker Bowles, has found himself on the receiving end of criticism from a group of Twitter users who identify as "veggies." The backlash came following the launch of Parker Bowles' latest cookbook, "The Cook Book: Fortnum & Mason," which includes recipes for meat dishes. Vegetarians and vegans took to social media to express their disappointment and anger at the inclusion of meat recipes in the book, with some stating that they would no longer support Parker Bowles' work. "I used to like Tom Parker Bowles, but this is unacceptable," tweeted one vegan Twitter user. Others questioned why Parker Bowles, who has previously spoken out about the importance of sustainability and ethical sourcing, would include recipes that promote meat consumption. "Tom Parker Bowles talks about sustainability and then writes a cookbook with meat recipes from an industry that is anything but sustainable," tweeted another user. Parker Bowles has yet to respond to the backlash, but a spokesperson for Fortnum & Mason, the department store that commissioned the cookbook, defended the decision to include meat recipes. "Fortnum & Mason has a long history of supporting British agriculture and promoting the highest standards of animal welfare," they said in a statement. "Tom's recipes reflect this commitment, with a focus on using locally sourced, sustainably produced meat in a responsible and respectful way." This is not the first time that Parker Bowles has faced criticism from animal rights activists. In 2019, he was forced to defend his love of hunting after a photograph of him posing with a dead deer sparked outrage on social media. Despite the controversy, "The Cook Book: Fortnum & Mason" has received praise for its selection of recipes and stunning photography. The book, which features dishes inspired by the iconic London department store, includes recipes for both meat and vegetarian dishes, catering to a wide range of tastes and dietary requirements. Parker Bowles, who has previously written several cookbooks and is a food critic for The Mail on Sunday, has spoken out about his love of cooking and exploring different cuisines. "For me, food is all about discovery and sharing," he said in a previous interview. "I love trying new ingredients and experimenting with different flavors, and I hope that comes across in my recipes." Despite the backlash from some Twitter users, it's clear that Parker Bowles' passion for food is here to stay. While the controversy surrounding the inclusion of meat recipes in his latest cookbook may have sparked heated debate, it's clear that the book will continue to inspire foodies and home cooks to explore new culinary horizons.