article: Accused: Robin O'Neill, 62, is charged with two counts of second-degree murder and is being held without bail in the deaths of 60-year-old Steve Lott and 28-year-old Jamis Lott . A woman accused of fatally shooting her fiance and his son on the day he ended their engagement pleaded not guilty Thursday to murder. Robin O'Neill, 62, is charged with two counts of second-degree murder and is being held without bail in the deaths of 60-year-old Steve Lott and 28-year-old Jamis Lott. O'Neill called a co-worker and said she had shot Lott and his son, according to a police affidavit. The co-worker called police. Police said O'Neill appeared to be drunk when they arrived at the Townshend residence. And as she was being driven away by police, she recited prayers, requested red wine and cigarettes, and told herself, 'you can go to prison for the rest of your life, 'cause you killed the (expletive).' In an interview, O'Neill said she and Lott had been engaged since July, but the relationship started getting 'weird' in September, with Lott spending time with a female friend, the affidavit said. O'Neill told police she and Lott had gotten into several arguments in recent weeks in which he had become physical with her. 'O'Neill told us she had multiple bruises on her body from Lott,' Detective Scott Dunlap wrote. 'During her interview, I observed bruising on both of O'Neill's arms.' She told another officer that Lott had been 'beating the holy c**p out of me,' police said. On Tuesday, as they were riding to work together, he told her the engagement was off, the affidavit said. That night, she told police she drank a lot of wine, and Lott's son showed up to do laundry, the affidavit said. The two men talked in the kitchen, and Lott said she doesn't remember what happened next. She said she either picked up a gun or had the gun in her hand and saw the two men on the floor in a pool of blood, the affidavit said. According to the Brattleboro Reformer, an acquaintance told police Lott had mentioned an argument he had with O'Neill as they lay in bed Nov. 15. 'O'Neill told Lott, 'I'll fix you,'' court papers say, recounting the alleged incident. 'O'Neill then leaned over to her bedside stand, and Lott reached across and slapped the drawer out of her hands. Lott knew O'Neill had a gun, and he thought she was getting her gun. Lott got up quickly, got dressed and got out of there.' Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
highlights: Robin O'Neill, 62, is charged with two counts of second-degree murder . She is accused of shooting Steve Lott, 60, and 28-year-old Jamis Lott . She told police he had just broken off their engagement on the same day . She also told police that they had argued recently and he got physical .
id: 6411ee1b7ebc66a55c72aaa88c7721e4bac27037
chatgpt: In a tragic incident in Denver, Colorado, 62-year-old Robin O'Neill has been charged with two counts of second-degree murder for the fatal shooting of Steve Lott, 60, and 28-year-old Jamis Lott. O'Neill allegedly shot the couple after they had broken off their engagement earlier in the day. According to police reports, O'Neill and Steve Lott had been engaged for some time, but things had reportedly become tense between the couple in recent weeks. O'Neill claimed that Steve had become physically abusive towards her, which prompted her to end their engagement. However, on the day of the shootings, Steve reportedly came over to O'Neill's house to collect his belongings, which led to a heated argument. It was during this argument that O'Neill allegedly retrieved a gun and shot Steve and Jamis Lott multiple times. Jamis, who was Steve's son, was reportedly visiting his father at the time of the incident. Both victims were pronounced dead at the scene. Following her arrest, O'Neill initially denied any involvement in the shootings. However, she later admitted to the crime and provided details of the events leading up to the fatal incident. She is currently being held without bail pending her trial. The news of the double homicide has shocked and saddened the local community, with many expressing their condolences to the Lott family. The Denver Police Department has also issued a statement, condemning the use of violence to resolve conflicts and urging anyone experiencing domestic violence to seek help. The incident serves as a tragic reminder of the dangers of domestic violence and the importance of seeking help if experiencing abuse. It is also a stark reminder of the devastating consequences of gun violence and the urgent need for stronger gun control measures to prevent tragic incidents such as these from occurring in the future. As the investigation into the shootings continues, the community will undoubtedly be left grappling with the question of what could have been done to prevent such a senseless tragedy.