article: By . Kate Lyons . PUBLISHED: . 20:55 EST, 27 January 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 20:56 EST, 27 January 2014 . A New Zealand doctor has described the moment he fought off a shark with a knife which attacked him while he was spearfishing. James Grant, 24, initially thought that a friend was tugging him on the leg as he swam in murky water near Colac Bay on the South Island. But he quickly realised it was a shark and began stabbing it with knife he had in his hand. James Grant fought off a shark while spearfishing, then stitched himself up and went to the pub . 'I looked behind to see who it was and got a bit of a shock,' Dr Grant told Radio New Zealand. 'I am not sure how effective (the knife) was. I guess it let go so something must have happened, put a few nicks in it.' The creature retreated and he was able to swim to rocks. It was not until he removed his wetsuit that he released he had been bitten. Dr Grant then calmly stitched up his wounds, which were up to 5cm long, using a first aid kit he kept in his vehicle for pig hunts. He had signalled to his friends to indicate that he had been injured but they thought he was joking and kept fishing. 'I thought surely he hasn't been bitten, there's no way he has been bitten, he's got to be taking the p**s,' his friend Mackley Lindsay told stuff.co.nz. When his friends got out of the water and saw his injuries they took Dr Grant to Colac Bay Tavern for a drink. The pub proprietors also gave him a bandage because he was dripping blood on the floor. Dr Grant was stitched up properly on Monday by his colleagues at Southland Hospital when he went back to work. Sevengill shark: The creature Dr Grant believed attacked him . Scene of the shark attack: Colac Bay on the South Island of New Zealand . Although he did not see the creature, he believes it was a sevengill shark and about 20cm wide across the jaw. Sevengills grow up to three metres long, and New Zealand is one of a few countries where they attack humans. Attacks by the sevengill are relatively common around the Southland and Otago coast.
highlights: James Grant, 24, was attacked while fishing off New Zealand coast . Did not realise he had been bitten until he removed his wetsuit . Sewed himself up with the first aid kit he kept in his car . Then went to the pub with friends... where he bled on the floor .
id: 80cf238fdee032c2dedd735a840ba58412adffab
chatgpt: A young man named James Grant, 24, was recently attacked while fishing off the coast of New Zealand. The incident occurred when Grant felt a sharp pain while in the water, but he did not realize that he had been bitten until he removed his wetsuit. Upon inspecting his wounds, he discovered that he had been bitten by a shark. Despite this shocking discovery, Grant maintained his composure and quickly sprang into action. He realized that he had a first-aid kit in his car and immediately drove there to retrieve it. Once he had the kit in hand, he set about sewing up his wounds. To many people, the thought of sewing up one's own wounds is terrifying. However, Grant was unfazed by the task at hand. He calmly sutured his wounds with great care, and managed to stem the bleeding. After finishing his impromptu surgery, Grant decided that he needed to relax and unwind. He called up some friends and headed to a local pub. However, while he was there, he began bleeding profusely, staining the floor with his blood. Despite the frightening nature of this situation, Grant remained calm and collected throughout. He ultimately proved himself to be a true survivor, and his quick thinking and resourcefulness likely saved his life. The incident highlights the dangers of shark attacks, which are a real concern for many surfers, swimmers, and divers around the world. Sharks are apex predators that can be found in many oceans and seas, including those off the coast of New Zealand. While they typically do not target humans, they may attack if they mistake a person for prey. In conclusion, James Grant's story is an inspiring tale of survival and resilience in the face of danger. Despite being attacked by a shark while fishing off the coast of New Zealand, he continued to remain level-headed and resourceful. By sewing up his own wounds and seeking medical attention when necessary, he was able to overcome a potentially fatal situation. Hopefully, his story will serve as an inspiration to others who find themselves in similar situations.