article: Among the groups working to try and help keep the peace in under siege Ferguson, Missouri, are leather-clad motorcycle groups. The bikers include members from groups including Outcast MC - America's oldest all-black motorcycle club - and Dominant Breed. The riders arrived in town on Saturday and have been helping to protect stores against looters as well as joining in peaceful rallies protesting the shooting of unarmed black teenager Michael Brown. Scroll down for video . Leather-clad motorcycle groups are working to try and help keep the peace in under siege Ferguson, Missouri . One rider told the St. Louis Post-Dispatch over the weekend that the clubs don't have a specific strategy to help protect the city. ‘But normally when they see our presence [troublemakers] don't come around much,’ he said. The bikers have also been spotted at a memorial site for the slain teen in recent days and their presence is widely considered to be having a positive impact. Protesters and local residents have shared photos on social media of the bikers, wearing their signature black jackets and skull masks. Riders have been helping to protect stores against looters as well as joining in peaceful rallies protesting the shooting of Michael Brown . Protesters and local residents in Ferguson have shared photos on social media of the bikers, wearing their signature black jackets and skull masks . Outcast MC was founded in Detroit in 1969 and has chapters around the country. The bikers aren't the only group on the streets of Ferguson working to restore order and support the peaceful protesters. Amnesty International and the Black Panther Party are among the other groups that currently have a presence in the town along with local student and church-based organizations. Funeral services for Brown, the black 18-year-old killed by a white police officer,  are planned for Monday. Benjamin Crump, an attorney for the Brown family said the exact time and location for the memorial has not been finalized. The shooting of the unarmed Brown by officer Darren Wilson has stoked more than a week of unrest in the city. Police have used tear gas, sound projectors and other means to turn back demonstrators, some of whom have lobbed Molotov cocktails and bottles at officers. The volatile scenes prompted Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon to deploy the National Guard in an effort control the unrest. Bikers are members of groups including Outcast MC - America's oldest all-black motorcycle club - and Dominant Breed .
highlights: Leather-clad motorcycle groups are working to try and help keep the peace in under siege Ferguson, Missouri . Bikers are members of groups including Outcast MC - America's oldest all-black motorcycle club - and Dominant Breed . Riders  have been helping to protect stores against looters as well as joining in peaceful rallies protesting the shooting of  Michael Brown . Local residents have shared photos on social media of the bikers - wearing their signature black jackets and skull masks .
id: 48d8eda23e4644a37376d6e238e08aebefca45d5
chatgpt: Leather-clad motorcycle groups have come to the aid of Ferguson, Missouri, helping to keep the peace amidst the unrest that has swept through the city. Members of Outcast MC and Dominant Breed have been working tirelessly to protect stores against looters and joining in peaceful rallies protesting the shooting of Michael Brown. Outcast MC, America's oldest all-black motorcycle club, has been particularly active in the community. Members have been seen patrolling the streets, talking to residents, and keeping an eye out for trouble. Their efforts have not gone unnoticed, and local residents have shared photos on social media of the bikers - wearing their signature black jackets and skull masks - patrolling the streets. The Dominant Breed has also been active in the community. Members of the club have been working with local businesses to help them prepare for potential looting and vandalism. They have been blocking off entrances, standing guard, and keeping a watchful eye on the situation. The club has also been using their social media presence to spread awareness about the situation in Ferguson and to encourage people to get involved with peaceful protests. The bikers have been a welcome presence in Ferguson, providing a sense of security and safety for residents and business owners alike. Some have even compared their presence to that of guardian angels, watching over the city and providing a sense of comfort during a time of great uncertainty. Many of the bikers involved in the efforts have shared their reasons for getting involved. For some, it is a way to give back to the community and show support for their fellow Americans. For others, it is a way to combat negative stereotypes about motorcycle clubs and show that they are more than just 'outlaws' and troublemakers. Despite the dangers involved in their efforts, the bikers remain committed to their cause. They continue to work day and night to help protect the community and ensure that the peaceful protests remain just that - peaceful. As the situation in Ferguson continues to unfold, the efforts of these motorcycle clubs serve as a shining example of the best of human nature. They embody the spirit of community and service, using their skills and resources to help those in need. And as the residents of Ferguson continue to grapple with the aftermath of the shooting of Michael Brown, they can take solace in the fact that there are people out there - like these bikers - who are willing to stand up for what is just and right.