article: Not content to simply trust his future to his play on the back nine, a young Vermont linksman is making a name for himself with a series or golf-themed hip-hop viral videos. 11-year-old Matty Du Plessis says that he hopes to one day become a PGA pro, though for now he simply plays with his father, Lee, practicing as many as eight hours a day. 'My best round is whatever I shoot tomorrow, but my lowest round was 64 so far,' he told reporters. Not content to simply trust his future to his play on the back nine, a young Vermont linksman is making a name for himself with a series or golf-themed hip-hop viral videos . He admits to occasional mistakes, the same as any linksman, but says he tries to keep a good mental attitude . One video, 'Stop, Drop, and Make a 12 Foota,' he brags about draining 12-foot putts around the globe, even in mid-flight down an airplane aisle . Homeschooled, he once played 108 holes in just one day. Now with the handle 'MD_18undapar, he posts videos of him sinking two balls with just one stroke or hitting the ball between his feet to YouTube, Vine, and Instagram. 'I think about what I want to do behind the ball and then hit,' he tells NBC San Diego. One video, 'Stop, Drop, and Make a 12 Foota,' he brags about draining 12-foot putts around the globe, even in mid-flight down an airplane aisle. Now with the handle 'MD_18undapar, he posts videos of him sinking two balls with just one stroke or hitting the ball between his feet to YouTube, Vine, and Instagram . 'I try to make stuff that'll entertain people, but it's still golf,' he says. His goal is to play 18 under par. 'I don't want to just shoot 18-under-par on one course, one time--shoot it once and then you're done,' he says. 'No. Shoot it many times on all the best courses in the world.' 11-year-old Matty Du Plessis says that he hopes to one day become a PGA pro, though for now he simply plays with his father, Lee, practicing as many as eight hours a day . He admits to occasional mistakes, the same as any linksman, but says he tries to keep a good mental attitude. 'You hit a bad shot? Fine,' he says. 'But the more positive you are, the less your misses will become.' He smiles saying 'Sure hope so,' when asked if he would be the first PGA pro to manage 18-under par in one round.
highlights: 11-year-old Matty Du Plessis says that he hopes to one day become a PGA pro, though for now he simply plays with his father, Lee, practicing as many as eight hours a day . Now with the handle 'MD_18undapar, he posts videos of him sinking two balls with just one stroke or hitting the ball between his feet to YouTube, Vine, and Instagram . His goal is to play 18 under par .
id: 64e2a8a75c388d4288d6e63c3f016f2b83ce9d39
chatgpt: An 11-year-old boy from South Africa, Matty Du Plessis, has set his sights on becoming a professional golfer in the PGA one day. Currently, he spends up to eight hours practicing with his father, Lee, and sharing his impressive feats on social media. Dubbed 'MD_18undapar' on YouTube, Vine, and Instagram, Matty is quickly gaining a following for his golf skills. He's even wowed fans by hitting two balls with just one stroke and hitting the ball between his feet. Despite his young age, Matty is already setting ambitious goals, hoping to eventually play an incredible 18 under par. And he's taking every opportunity to work towards it, practicing as often as he can. His father, Lee, is a proud supporter of Matty's passion for golf, saying that he could see his son's potential from a young age. "He's always been obsessed with golf," Lee says. "He used to hit balls around the house and the garden when he was two or three years old." Impressively, Matty's skills have already caught the attention of some big names in the golfing world. South African golfer, Louis Oosthuizen, reached out to the young talent and even offered to give him a private lesson. Matty's journey towards becoming a professional golfer is just beginning, but he's well on his way to achieving his dreams. And with the support of his family and growing fanbase online, there's no doubt that he'll continue to make headlines. In a world where young people are often criticized for spending too much time on social media, it's heartening to see someone like Matty using these platforms to showcase their talent and passion. We could all learn a thing or two from his dedication and drive to succeed, no matter what age we are. Who knows? Maybe one day we'll be watching Matty on TV as he competes in the PGA and achieves his incredible goal of playing 18 under par.