article: An airplane carrying 190 people narrowly avoided crash landing at JFK Airport on Tuesday morning. Frightened passengers were told to assume the brace position after the nose gear on TAM Airlines Flight 8078 from Rio de Janeiro to New York appeared to be stuck sideways as the plane prepared to land. Disaster was averted when the landing gear finally locked into the correct position with the plane was just 50 feet above the runway. Nervous moments: The plane circles above JFK until the landing gear starts to drop down . Brace position: The TAM Airlines flight starts to land with 190 people on board . 'It was like the hand of God turned the wheel,' said a Port Authority rescuer, and part of the disaster response crew, reported the New York Post. 'Everyone was panicking inside the plane,' said Rio resident Anna Maria Falcao, 33. 'Even the crew was running around panicking, saying "Don’t worry, no one’s going to die." So many people were crying,' said Falcao, who was traveling to New York with her one-year-old son, her husband and her mother. Following discussions between the pilot and authorities at JFK, the plane twice circled airspace above the airport so controllers and rescuers . could get a look at the twisted nose gear. On the third circle, the nose gear finally dropped down, but the . wheels were turned at a right angle. 'It appears cocked at 90 degrees,' a . controller radioed one of the pilots. Tense moments: The TAM Airlines flight experienced what officials described as 'twisted front landing gear' Ready for the worst: On the tarmac the Port Authority was prepared for whatever emergency response was necessary . Finally, and with Port Authority prepared on the tarmac for emergency response, the plane was given clearance to attempt to land on Runway 31L, the longest at Kennedy Airport. As the plane started its descent, passengers were told to adopt the brace position by putting their heads in their hands. Fortunately all emergency preparations proved unnecessary when the landing was successful. The plane landed 'without incident' at 11 a.m. and was able to taxi to the gate under its own power. On board, passengers’ fright turned to applause for their skillful flight crew. The pilots could also be heard on radio transmissions thanking the air traffic control tower for their assistance. No one on-board was injured. Touchdown: TAM Airlines Flight 8078 from Rio de Janeiro to New York landed safely at 11am on Tuesday . Video: Brazil flight makes 'precautionary landing' at JFK .
highlights: TAM Airlines flight experienced problems with landing gear on approach to Kennedy Airport from Rio . Pilot circled airport until the the nose gear finally dropped, but front . wheels remained turned at a right angle . Frightened passengers told to assume crash position . Landing gear finally locked into correct position as pilot touched down . Finally landed smoothly, no injuries amongst 190 passengers .
id: 111f0bcccb8ab927da027730dc7d5c8656ef9d60
chatgpt: A TAM Airlines flight originating from Rio de Janeiro experienced tense moments as it approached John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York. The landing gear on the plane had apparently malfunctioned, leading the pilot to circle the airport until the gravity finally brought down the nose gear. However, the wheels remained turned at a right angle which added to the tension amongst the passengers on board. Frightened and anxious, the passengers were instructed to assume the crash position. Such moments are frequently described by passengers who have experienced them as amongst the most harrowing, as the mind races to thoughts of potential catastrophe. Many on the flight, fearful that they may perish, began to pray and send texts to loved ones to say goodbye. After this tense experience, the relief was enormous as the landing gear finally locked into the correct position just before the pilot touched down. The fear on the faces of the cabin crew turned into a collective cheer as the landing was smooth and the aircraft came to rest safely on the tarmac. Paramedics and emergency personnel were standing by and watching anxiously as the airplane made its descent. However, as the aircraft came into view, they too were taken aback by how smoothly the landing had gone. There were no reported injuries to any of the 190 passengers, nor any permanent damage to the aircraft. "I am just so glad that we landed safely" said one shaken passenger. "I never thought this would be happening to me. I could see the fear in my fellow passengers' eyes as we went through what seemed like an endless period of turbulence. Then the pilot announced that we would have to assume the crash position. It was at that moment that a deep-seated fear of flying and mortality reared its ugly head". The incident has, quite understandably, set alarm bells ringing within the aviation industry. As is the case with all such incidents, a detailed investigation into the cause of the malfunction has been initiated. Despite this, there are many people out there who, even now, are simply relieved that they are alive to tell the tale. TAM Airlines has issued an apology to all the passengers and promised to ensure that better safeguards are put in place to ensure that such an incident does not happen again. At the moment, passengers on the flight have expressed gratitude to the pilot and cabin crew for their actions during the nerve-wracking landing experience. The industry, however, waits to learn the results of the investigation, hoping that it will be able to learn from the experience and consequently avoid any similar incidents in the future.