article: Jordan has been condemned by human rights groups after hanging 11 men convicted of murder (file picture) Jordan has been condemned by human rights groups after hanging 11 men convicted of murder, ending an eight-year moratorium on the death penalty. The men were killed at dawn in a prison 45 miles from the capital Amman, interior ministry spokesman Ziyad Zoobi confirmed. The men, said to mostly be in their 40s, were convicted murderers with no links to politics or extremism, Jordanian authorities said. Jordan last carried out an execution in 2006, with 122 people sentenced to death since. The 11 men hanged by the Middle Eastern nation were convicted in 2005 and 2006, it was claimed. Although Jordan gave no reason for ending the eight-year moratorium on capital punishment, Interior Minister Hussein Majali recently hinted that the death penalty could return. He said there was a 'major debate' in Jordan on the death penalty and that 'the public believes that the rise in crime has been the result of the non-application' of executions. Rights groups condemned the executions, saying they would make little difference to rising crime in Jordan. 'With these executions, Jordan loses its standing as a rare progressive voice on the death penalty in the region,' Sarah Leah Whitson, Middle East director Human Rights Watch said. 'Reviving this inherently cruel form of punishment is another way Jordan is backsliding on human rights.' Taghreed Jaber, regional director for Penal Reform International, said: 'We are surprised by this decision, which is a step back for Jordan.' The head of Jordan's Adallah (Arabic for justice) rights group, Assem Rababa, said the country's authorities would be better off tackling the root causes of crime. 'Political and economic problems are fostering crime,' he said. 'The authorities should not make a headlong rush (into executions) while ignoring these problems.' The executions in a prison 45 miles from the capital Amman ended an eight-year moratorium on the death penalty (file picture) Oraib Rantawi, head of Amman's Al-Quds Centre for Political Studies, said: 'The authorities have been confronted in recent years with a wave of violence, criminality and murders and want to meet the challenge by opting for deterrence and the renewed application of the death penalty.' A number of countries in the Middle East continue to impose the death penalty for serious crimes, including Jordan's neighbour Saudi Arabia, which has executed 83 people so far this year. China by far carried out the most executions in 2013, numbering in the thousands, followed by Iran, Iraq, Saudi Arabia and the United States, Amnesty International said in a report in March.
highlights: Jordan condemned by rights groups for executing 11 convicted murderers . The men were hanged in a prison 45 miles from the capital Amman . Executions end an eight-year moratorium on the death penalty in Jordan . Human rights groups said executions were 'inherently cruel punishment'
id: 347441569749576ba2e45c1b637d31309ac628af
chatgpt: Jordan has faced harsh criticism from human rights groups after executing 11 convicted murderers. The men were hanged in a prison located around 45 miles away from the nation's capital, Amman. These executions mark the end of an eight-year moratorium on the death penalty in the country. The executions have sparked outrage from many human rights organizations. While Jordan is known for being relatively moderate when it comes to its use of the death penalty, the decision to execute these convicted murderers has been seen by many as a step in the wrong direction. Human rights groups have long maintained that the death penalty is an "inherently cruel punishment," and these latest executions have done little to change this perception. According to Amnesty International, the application of the death penalty in Jordan remains largely shrouded in secrecy. The organization claims that even those who are sentenced to death may not know that they have received such a sentence until the moment they are about to be executed. In the past, Jordan has used the death penalty sparingly. Even during the height of political unrest in the region, executions in Jordan remained relatively rare. However, the country's recent decision to lift its moratorium on the death penalty has set a worrying precedent. The fact that these executions took place so soon after the moratorium was lifted has only added to the controversy. Many human rights activists are concerned that Jordan's government is using capital punishment as a means of demonstrating its commitment to public safety. Critics argue that the death penalty is an ineffective deterrent, and that it does little to address the root causes of violent crime. Some experts have even suggested that it could exacerbate the problem, as executions may encourage retaliation and fuel a cycle of violence. Whatever the case may be, there is no denying that the use of the death penalty in Jordan remains a hotly debated issue. While some argue that it is a necessary tool for maintaining law and order, others maintain that it is a barbaric practice that has no place in a civilized society. As the debate rages on, it remains to be seen whether other Middle Eastern nations will follow Jordan's lead and begin to use the death penalty more frequently. Regardless of what the future holds, it is clear that the recent executions have once again raised troubling questions about the use of this controversial punishment in modern society.