article: By . Lizzie Edmonds . PUBLISHED: . 11:08 EST, 22 February 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 11:27 EST, 22 February 2014 . This is the moment an Olympic skier competing at the Sochi games had his beard shaved off for charity. In the collection of pictures, Australian ski cross racer Anton Grimus, 23, can be seen grimacing as his impressive facial hair is removed. The bushy beard is first trimmed with scissors, before the athlete is subjected to a slightly painful looking wet shave. Before and after: Australian ski cross racer Anton Grimus shows off the results of his charity shave . The ski cross racer first has his bushy beard trimmed but another member of team Australia . Mr Griums took part in the shave to raise money for the Rob Kneller Youth Foundation. The organisation was started by his teammate Scott Kneller in honor of his late father. It supports promising young skiers in Australian ski town of Jindabyne. Mr Grimus is thought to have raised about $9,000 for the charity. Speaking before the big event, Mr Kneller said: 'He's a very handsome guy. So I'm sure the ladies will be swooning once it comes off.' The beard is then attacked with a razor. The skier raised around $9,000 for charity . Mr Grimus, pictured with most of his beard removed. His was raising money for the Rob Kneller Youth Foundation . The athlete, known as 'The Beard' in his home country for obviously reasons, had been growing his beard for two years. The skier competed on Thursday - but crashed out of his event when he careered into a snowbank. Moments after he bowed out of the competition - held at Rosa Khutor Extreme Park - his teammate and charity founder Mr Kneller met a similar fate. The skier looks a little uncomfortable during the wet shave stage. The charity supports promising young skiers in the Australian town of Jindabyne and was set up by teammate Scott Kneller . Mr Grimus, who competed and crashed out of his event on Thursday, looks happy for the event to be over . Speaking with Fox Sports following the crash, the skier said that - other than his behind - he was in tact following his dramatic exit. He said: 'My left glute is a bit sore but apart from that, I’m all in one piece.' Mr Grimus grew up in  Australia, where his parents founded and an Austrian-style pension, ski hire and restaurant.
highlights: Australian Anton Grimus, 23, has been growing his beard for two years . Ski cross racer shaved it off in aid of Rob Kneller Youth Foundation . Charity supports promising skiers in Australian ski town of Jundabyne .
id: f4087f56b84b65dfa6fa17ed245b9a37685ea54f
chatgpt: Australian ski cross racer Anton Grimus has made a bold move to support the Rob Kneller Youth Foundation, a charity that helps aspiring skiers in the Australian ski town of Jundabyne. Grimus, 23, who had been growing his beard for two years, has shaved it off to raise funds for the foundation.  Grimus announced his decision on his social media accounts, stating that he was willing to part with his much-loved beard for a good cause. "It's been a wild ride, but it's time to say goodbye to the beard," he said in a post. "I'm shaving it off to help raise funds for the Rob Kneller Youth Foundation, which supports young skiers in Jindabyne. Please donate to this amazing charity." The foundation, which was established in memory of Rob Kneller, a former ski racer and coach, aims to provide financial and other support to young skiers who show promise in the sport but may lack the resources to pursue their dreams. The foundation also works to make skiing more accessible to disadvantaged communities in the Jindabyne area. Grimus, who is based in Jindabyne and has represented Australia in ski cross events around the world, said he was proud to support the foundation. "I know how difficult it can be to pursue a sport at a high level, especially if you don't have the financial backing," he said. "I hope that my small contribution can help the foundation make a big difference in the lives of young skiers in our community." Grimus' decision to shave his beard has garnered attention from both his fellow skiers and the public. Many have taken to social media to support the cause and donate to the foundation. The charity has already received a significant influx of donations in the wake of Grimus' announcement. Rob Kneller's widow, Sarah, thanked Grimus for his support, saying that it was heartening to see young athletes giving back to the community. "Rob was passionate about skiing and he would be proud to see Anton and others following in his footsteps," she said. "The foundation is grateful for all the support we receive, and we will continue to work hard to ensure that young skiers have the resources they need to pursue their dreams." Grimus' beard may have been the talk of the town for the past two years, but now it will serve as a symbol of his dedication to supporting young skiers in Jindabyne. As the community rallies around his cause, it is clear that the spirit of generosity and goodwill is alive and well in this corner of Australia.