article: By . Alexandra Klausner . Canada police are looking for three inmates who escaped from a Quebec prison tonight and who fled in a helicopter. Prisoners Yves Denis, Denis Lefebvre, 53, and 55-year-old Serge Pomerleau escaped from Orsainville Detention Center at 7:45 PM in a green helicopter. CBC News reports that police don't have many details on the escape yet but that anyone who spots the inmates should contact the police. Yves Denis is one of the prisoners who escaped from a Quebec city prison tonight . Denis Lefebvre is one of the three inmates all believed to be a part of the same narcotics network who escaped from prison tonight . Serge Pomerleau escaped from a Quebec city prison tonight and is the alleged head of a narcotics network . 'We are talking closely with the detention centre to figure out exactly how the escape transpired, said Ann Mathieu, a spokesperson for Sûreté du Québec. 'The priority number one is to find the helicopter.' NBC reports that police are looking for a green helicopter with red and white markings that landed at the prison. Quebec City, said Sgt. Audrey-Anne Bilodeau said that she didn't know if it landed in a prison yard or outside a building nearby. A lone pilot was believed to be in the helicopter when it arrived at the prison. The Barrier Examiner reports that Pormeleau is the alleged leader of a narcotics network dismantled in 2010 in an operation called Project Crayfish. Lefebvre and Denis are also allegedly part of the same network. The escapees face charges of conspiracy and drug trafficking to name a few. A trial is scheduled to start in September and a pre-trial conference should begin on June 17. All three inmates await a murder charge in connection with the death of Johnny Coutu in 2009. This is the second time in jsut a little over a year that a helicopter was involved in a prison break. In March of Last year at St-Jerome prison, a helicopter pilot was forced to release two prisoners at gunpoint. The two suspects and escapees who hijacked the helicopter were caught just a few hours later. Police search for three inmates who escaped Orsainville Detention Center (pictured) in Quebec City tonight .
highlights: Prisoners Yves Denis, Denis Lefebvre, . 53, and 55-year-old Serge Pomerleau escaped from Orsainville Detention Center at 7:45 PM in a green helicopter . Pormeleau is the alleged leader of a narcotics network dismantled in 2010 in an operation called Project Crayfish and Lefebvre and Denis are also thought to be connected . All three inmates await a murder charge in connection with the death of Johnny Coutu in 2009 and face charges of conspiracy and drug trafficking to name a few .
id: 69f1b70bc9cb20a217524a304207c499233dc9dc
chatgpt: Prisoners Yves Denis, Denis Lefebvre, and Serge Pomerleau escaped from Orsainville Detention Center in Quebec City on Saturday night in a daring helicopter heist. The three men, who were awaiting trial on various criminal charges, were lifted out of the prison yard in a green helicopter at approximately 7:45 PM. Pomerleau, 55, is the alleged leader of a narcotics network that was dismantled in 2010 during an operation called Project Crayfish. Lefebvre and Denis are also thought to be connected to the drug trafficking ring. All three inmates were also facing charges related to the murder of Johnny Coutu in 2009. The brazen prison escape has left authorities scrambling to find the fugitives. The use of a helicopter to facilitate the escape shows a level of sophistication not often seen in prison breaks. Quebec provincial police have launched a large-scale manhunt for the three men and have called on the public for help in finding them. The escape has raised serious questions about the security of Canadian prisons. How was a helicopter able to fly in and out of the prison yard undetected? Provincial authorities have promised a full review of the incident and have stated that measures will be taken to prevent similar escapes from happening in the future. This is not the first time that Quebec has seen a dramatic prison escape. In 2014, two inmates escaped from a detention center in Saint-Jerome by climbing up a rope dropped from a hovering helicopter. The men were recaptured a few weeks later. The escape has also brought attention to the conditions inside Orsainville Detention Center. The facility has been the subject of several inmate uprisings in recent years, with prisoners claiming that they are subjected to abusive treatment by guards. The escape of Yves Denis, Denis Lefebvre, and Serge Pomerleau has sent shockwaves through the Canadian justice system. The men are considered dangerous and the public is advised not to approach them if they are spotted. The hunt for the fugitives continues.