article: By . Kerry Mcqueeney . PUBLISHED: . 05:14 EST, 17 May 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 05:17 EST, 17 May 2012 . Accused: DaJuan Brown is facing charges of involuntary servitude and aggravated trafficking . A 'pimp' has been accused of forcing young girls into prostitution and paying them with drugs and food from the McDonald's dollar menu. At least 12 young women were exploited by DaJuan Brown, of Cook County, Chicago, over a five-year period, a court heard. Brown - also known as 'Juan Clark' - regularly beat them, plied them with heroin and sometimes locked them up in his West Side apartment without any food or access to appliances, prosecutors claimed. If the girls met their 'quota' of clients, they would be 'rewarded' with more drugs or food from the McDonald's dollar menu, the court heard. However, it is alleged, if they failed to meet his demands he would punish them by withholding the drugs and forcing them to go through heroin withdrawal symptoms. Cook County prosecutors described how Brown - who also goes by the nickname of 'Church' - would control his victims' drug addictions. They said at least one girl who was clean of drugs became hooked on heroin after going to work for Brown, the Chicago Sun-Times reported. Prosecutors said girls were touted through websites and Brown gave them pre-paid mobile phone for them to use while they were out - but the girls had to give back the Cricket handsets when they returned. The back door of the apartment where the girls were kept would be locked with a deadbolt while they were inside and Brown also had a man guarding the door, the court heard. Not-so-happy meal: If the girls met their 'quota' of customers, the were 'rewarded' with food from the McDonald's dollar menu . Controlling their addictions: At least one girl came to work for Brown clean of drugs but became hooked on heroin, the court heard (file photo) One girl was said to be beaten and knocked unconscious by Brown when she was caught escaping from the apartment, prosecutors said. The court was told how he would also viciously beat them if they refused to work and that victims would be forced to hand over all their money and IDs. Police arrested Brown when one of his victims - registered as a missing woman - was flagged up by the National Human Trafficking Hotline as being abused by her pimp, the Chicago Sun-Times reported. Brown was ordered held in lieu of $1 million at his court hearing on Wednesday. Sorry we are unable to accept comments for legal reasons.
highlights: DaJuan Brown accused of getting girls addicted to heroin - then using drug withdrawal as punishment . He 'rewarded girls who met their quota of clients with more drugs and food from the fast food restaurant'
id: 51fa4d558ea33412299ad524c410b2b745e87b11
chatgpt: Authorities in New York have arrested a man named DaJuan Brown, who is accused of getting young girls addicted to heroin and then using withdrawal as a punishment. The 33-year-old man, who allegedly ran a prostitution ring, is accused of putting the girls on the street to work as prostitutes and then controlling them with drugs.  According to prosecutors, the girls who did not meet their quota of clients were punished by Brown, who withheld food and drugs from them. However, the girls who met their target were rewarded with more heroin and treated to meals at fast food restaurants. Brown allegedly referred to this scheme as the "fast food and heroin diet." The girls were allegedly put through a brutal cycle of addiction, withdrawal, and prostitution. Brown is said to have controlled every aspect of their lives, using the drugs as a way to keep them compliant. Prosecutors say Brown was also physically abusive and that the girls were in constant fear of him. The case against Brown has shocked the community, with many people expressing their horror at the accusations. "This is a terrible crime," said one local resident. "It's hard to imagine how anyone could be so cruel." The police have been investigating Brown for some time and finally arrested him on Thursday. He has been charged with multiple crimes, including human trafficking, promoting prostitution, and drug possession.  The girls who were allegedly under Brown's control have been taken into protective custody. Authorities are working to help them recover from the trauma they have endured.  This case highlights the dangers of human trafficking and the ongoing problem of drug addiction in our communities. It is important that we continue to raise awareness about these issues and work together to put an end to them. The trial against DaJuan Brown is expected to begin soon. If found guilty, he faces a lengthy prison sentence. The community will be watching closely, hoping for justice to be served for the young girls who were allegedly victimized by this ruthless criminal.