article: By . William Turvill . A mental health patient has told how she was raped up to 60 times by a care worker (stock picture) A mental health patient has described how she was raped up to 60 times by a care worker. The woman, who was groomed with gifts from the senior staff member, has branded psychiatric hospitals a ‘playground for predators’. She only built up the courage to speak out about the abuse after she was released from Little Brook Hospital in Dartford, Kent - and her abuser avoided a jail sentence. The woman, who has not been named, . has now called for better safeguards for mental health patients, who she describes as ‘the . most vulnerable in society in terms of being abused’. Speaking . on BBC Radio 5 Live’s Victoria Derbyshire show, which is to be broadcast today, she described how the . staff member would enter her room for sex on a nightly basis. She said he would give her gifts such as Valium, cigarettes and chocolate, according to the Mirror. The woman is now in her 40s and estimates she was raped 60 times. She was paid £100,000 compensation in 2003 and 2004. She said that the abuse built up until it was taking place up to six nights a week and described how she was told he would report her for good behaviour. ‘It was total manipulation. He was saying, “this is your way out”. At the time you believe anything,’ she said. ‘You latch on to that hope because you don’t have much hope in anything else. He would come in to my room every night and rape me. 'But who is going to believe a mental patient over a highly respected member of staff?’ The victim only built up the courage to speak out after she was released from Little Brook Hospital in Dartford . Meanwhile, she was told by doctors that if she attempted to leave the hospital she would be sectioned. The woman even got a sexually transmitted disease, but staff only became aware of the abuse when she was released from the home and gained the courage to report it. The care worker pleaded guilty to one act of unlawful sexual intercourse with a patient after being charged by police. He was given a 12-month sentence, suspended by two years, and told by Kent and Medway NHS Trust he should never work with vulnerable people again. The new trust said it was unable to comment because the offences occurred under the previous regime.
highlights: Patient at Little Brook Hospital in Dartford, Kent, has called for better safeguards for 'the most vulnerable in society in terms of being abused' She only built up the courage to speak out after being released from home . Her abuser - a senior member of staff - avoided a prison sentence .
id: 41afb497a112c19b8784a465c6ef9e4d0368e361
chatgpt: A patient at Little Brook Hospital in Dartford, Kent, has called for better safeguards for "the most vulnerable in society in terms of being abused" following her experience of abuse in the hospital which she only revealed after she was released from home. According to the patient, her abuser, who was a senior member of staff, was not given a prison sentence. The patient, who wishes to remain anonymous, spoke of how she was a victim of abuse while under the care of hospital staff. The abuse reportedly went on for months, causing significant harm to her physical and mental health. The patient stated that she only revealed the abuse once she was released from the hospital and felt safe enough to do so. The patient's abuser, who was a senior member of staff at the hospital, was not sentenced to prison. This has caused significant outrage among campaigners who have called for better safeguards to be put in place to protect vulnerable patients. They have argued that without proper accountability, abusers will continue to target vulnerable individuals who are under their care. The Little Brook Hospital is owned and operated by the South London and Maudsley NHS Foundation Trust, which is responsible for the provision of mental health services to patients across the south of England. Following the revelations of abuse, the Trust has launched an investigation into the matter and has promised to take action to improve safeguards for patients in their care. The Trust has stated that it is committed to ensuring the safety and wellbeing of all patients under their care and will take any necessary measures to prevent abuse from occurring. The Trust has also promised to work with patients, staff and other stakeholders to ensure that any concerns are addressed promptly and effectively. The patient who revealed the abuse has called on the Trust to take action to prevent such incidents from occurring in the future. She stated that she hopes that her experiences can help to ensure that vulnerable patients are better protected from abuse and mistreatment. This case highlights the importance of strong safeguards to protect vulnerable patients from abuse and mistreatment. Without such safeguards, abusers may continue to target vulnerable individuals who are under their care. It is vital that hospitals and other care providers take steps to ensure that their patients are safe and well-cared for at all times.