article: MEXICO CITY, Mexico (CNN) -- A top Mexican drug cartel suspect has been arrested along with 12 accomplices, including five women, federal authorities said. Police guard suspected members of the Beltran Leyva cartel  after they were arrested in a 2008 raid. Rodolfo Lopez Ibarra, known as El Nito and believed to be a top lieutenant in the Beltran Leyva cartel, was arrested Monday at an airport in Nuevo Leon state, said the Mexican National Defense secretary. Along with the suspects, officials said they also confiscated a Cessna 550 airplane, two cars, a large quantity of drugs and cash, firearms and a hand grenade. Soldiers acting on an anonymous tip arrested the eight men and five women, including one minor, National Defense said in a release Tuesday. Authorities said they confiscated 40,680 pesos (U.S. $3,150), $29,385 (379,507 pesos), 13 packages of marijuana weighing 13 kilograms (29 pounds), three computers and 28 cell phones. The Beltran Leyva cartel is one of the top drug organizations in Mexico, allied with the Gulf cartel in its battle against the Sinaloa organized crime syndicate. The Beltran Leyva group was formerly allied with the Sinaloa cartel, considered the largest drug-trafficking organization in the nation. The two other major drug organizations in Mexico are the Juarez and Tijuana cartels. According to media reports, someone alerted authorities when a tipster noticed heavily armed men waiting at the airport in northern Mexico. Ibarra was on a flight back from a baptism in Acapulco at which drug cartel chief Arturo Beltran Leyva had anointed him with the top post in Nuevo Leon, the news reports said. A published photo of Ibarra after his arrest shows him wearing a long-sleeved printed shirt and blue jeans, a forlorn look on his face as he gazes off to the side. Ibarra, 33, was the second top suspect from the Beltran Leyva cartel arrested in recent weeks. In March, authorities announced the arrest of Hector Huerta Rios, also known as "La Burra" or "El Junior." Like Ibarra, he was arrested in the city of San Pedro Garza Garcia in Nuevo Leon state, along Mexico's border with the United States. Mexican officials also have recently announced the arrests of several other high-ranking cartel suspects as President Felipe Calderon wages a battle against a drug trade he says killed 6,500 people last year. About 2,000 more Mexicans are believed to have been killed this year. In April, authorities announced the arrest of Vicente Carrillo Leyva, a suspected leader of the Carrillo Fuentes drug cartel. A couple of weeks earlier, officials said they had arrested Sigifredo Najera Talamantes, a drug-trafficking suspect accused of attacking a U.S. consulate and killing Mexican soldiers. Talamantes, also known as "El Canicon," also is suspected in attacks on a television station in Monterrey in Nuevo Leon, the state-run Notimex agency said. That same week, the Mexican military also arrested the son of a top drug cartel lieutenant.
highlights: Suspected top Beltran Leyva cartel lieutenant arrested at airport in Nuevo Leon . 12 more suspects arrested; airplane, cars, drugs, cash, guns confiscated . Rodolfo Lopez Ibarra, aka El Nito, arrested on his way back from a baptism .
id: 81f7ae9f6de2704df183f7886b9321ca32a8c6fe
chatgpt: In a major blow to the operations of the Beltran Leyva cartel, Mexican authorities have arrested a suspected top lieutenant along with twelve other suspects at the airport in Nuevo Leon. The arrest comes as part of a wider crackdown on drug cartels in the country, with authorities stepping up efforts to tackle the scourge of drug trafficking and associated violence that continues to afflict parts of the nation. According to reports, Rodolfo Lopez Ibarra, aka El Nito, was detained by police on his way back from a baptism. He is believed to have played a crucial role in the Beltran Leyva cartel's operations, responsible for trafficking large quantities of drugs into the United States. Following Ibarra's arrest, police confiscated an airplane, a number of cars, a large quantity of drugs, cash, and guns. The haul is seen as a significant victory for the authorities, who have been battling cartel activity and associated violence for years. The Beltran Leyva cartel, which originated in Sinaloa, has long been a major player in Mexico's drug trade. The group is notorious for its ruthless tactics and involvement in a range of criminal activities, from drug trafficking to extortion and kidnapping. The arrest of Ibarra is a major setback for the cartel, which has seen a number of high-level members taken into custody in recent years. It is hoped that the latest operation will further undermine the cartel's operations and lead to a reduction in violence in the region. Speaking to reporters, Nuevo Leon's state governor, Jaime Rodriguez, praised the police operation, noting that it was an important step in the fight against organized crime. "This is a clear message to those who believe they can operate with impunity," he said. "We will not rest until we have rooted out all criminal activity from our state." The news of the arrests has been welcomed by law enforcement officials across the country, who have been grappling with the challenge posed by drug trafficking and related activities for years. Many have pointed to the need for a coordinated national response to the problem, with calls for greater resources and support for police forces at the local and federal level. Despite the challenges, however, there are signs of progress. The latest operation comes just weeks after authorities arrested another suspected Beltran Leyva cartel member, demonstrating that law enforcement officials are continuing to make headway in the battle against organized crime. As Mexico continues to grapple with the challenges posed by drug trafficking and other criminal activities, the arrests of Ibarra and his associates are a powerful reminder of the importance of a coordinated, sustained response to the problem. While much work remains to be done, the latest operation is a step in the right direction and a testament to the dedication and commitment of those working to combat organized crime in the country.