article: (CNN) -- It had all the elements of a soap opera. A broken marriage. Alleged influence peddling. Courtroom drama. Now the trial of former Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell and his wife has gone to the jury after more than a month of sometimes soul-baring testimony on whether they improperly accepted gifts from a businessman while in office in exchange for promoting his company. McDonnell, a one-time rising star in the Republican Party with potential presidential ambitions, and his wife, Maureen, arrived and left the courthouse separately throughout the trial in a display at the heart of their defense. The pair pleaded not guilty to 14 counts of fraud, making false statements, and obstruction. They were indicted in January after McDonnell left office following the lone term allowed under Virginia law. Prosecutors alleged the McDonnells accepted gifts with a combined value of at least $140,000 from Jonnie Williams, a nutritional supplement executive, in exchange for promoting his company using the power and the trappings of the governor's office. The gifts included designer clothes, a Rolex watch, golf clubs, iPhones and a painting, according to the indictment and evidence presented at the trial. Their defense? The 38-year marriage was so broken that the McDonnells barely spoke to each other, let alone conspired to peddle influence in the way alleged by the government. McDonnell said he didn't commit any crime, though he acknowledged questionable judgment in accepting what he called the "personal generosity and friendship" of Williams. Defense lawyers argued that Maureen McDonnell, seeking emotional attachment because of her loveless marriage, developed what they described as a kind of schoolgirl crush on Williams and relished the attention and gifts from him. The question was whether she or her husband reciprocated by promoting Williams' business in government circles. Witnesses included some of the family's five grown children, former staff members of the governor and others close to the family. The McDonnells tried to get their cases separated, but lost that bid. CNN's Ashley Killough contributed to this report.
highlights: Former Gov. McDonnell and his wife face charges of influence-peddling . Their defense involved a broken marriage with little communication . Prosecutors say the McDonnells took gifts in return for helping a businessman . Witnesses included some of the couple's children .
id: cc8a3b3a0fbc732846b50281d4661e42ce92fcf1
chatgpt: Former Virginia Governor Bob McDonnell and his wife Maureen, are facing allegations of influence-peddling over the course of a two-year trial. The McDonnells defense argued that their marriage was in shambles, and there was little communication between them, while prosecutors argued the former governor and his wife accepted gifts, vacations and loans in return for help from a businessman. The trial was centered on whether the McDonnells accepted $177,000 in gifts and loans from Virginia business executive Jonnie Williams, in exchange for promoting his dietary supplement company, Star Scientific Inc. According to prosecutors, Williams showered luxury gifts on the McDonnells, including plane rides, designer clothes, and a Rolex watch, in exchange for their help in promoting the use of his company's health supplement. The prosecution argued that Bob McDonnell used his position as governor to promote the supplement for Williams, while Maureen McDonnell helped arrange meetings and events with the Star Scientific leadership. Prosecutors presented a series of emails that reportedly showed the former governor and his wife in discussions with Williams about promoting the supplement. The McDonnells' defense team argued that the couple's marriage was broken, and that they had little real communication or cooperation. They described Maureen as the driving force behind the relationship with Williams, and claimed that Bob was working on separate things. The defense also attempted to paint Williams as a manipulative businessman who had exploited the McDonnells by infiltrating their lives and plying them with gifts. The trial was a family affair, with two of the McDonnells' grown children testifying. One of them testified for the prosecution, saying that the couple's relationship was almost non-existent, while the other testified for the defense, alleging that it was Williams, not the McDonnells, who was looking to use Bob's position to benefit his own business. The intense and lengthy trial ultimately resulted in a conviction for both Bob and Maureen. The former Governor was sentenced to two years in prison while Maureen was given one year and one day in prison. The couple was also required to pay back $120,000 in gifts and loans to Williams. The case became a major political scandal in Virginia, tarnishing the reputation of McDonnell who was once considered a potential presidential contender.