article: (CNN) -- In the immediate aftermath of the Oregon school shooting, Chelsea Cooper turned to social media to express concern for her brother. "Praying for everyone at Reynolds!" she posted on Facebook. "My little brother is still there & I'm freakin out! I hate being states away :-( So stressful!." Her brother, Jared Padgett, 15, was a freshman at Reynolds High School in Troutdale. Cooper's fears about her brother were realized, but likely not in the way she imagined. Padgett was the shooter who killed another student and apparently took his own life, police said. Police found the teen's body in a restroom, law enforcement officials said. His victim, Emilio Hoffman, 14, was also a freshman. He was shot and killed in a locker room. The motive behind the shooting is under investigation. On social media he claimed to be a fan of heavy metal and weapons, but those who knew Padgett describe him in terms that don't appear to fit the profile of killer. During seventh and eighth grades, Padgett took part in track and field at Reynolds Middle School. He was also a member of the Junior Reserve Officers' Training Corps. A former teacher and coach there called him "a leader." "He was a hard worker and wanted to please everyone," the teacher said through tears. "He was just a good kid." The teacher said Padgett idolized his older brother who was serving in the military. Padgett's Facebook page reveals few clues, but does show that he was a fan of weapons and heavy metal music. His "likes" that he shared with his Facebook friends included knife and gun manufacturers, as well as makers of body armor. According to his profile, he was a fan of first-person shooter video games, and deathcore, metalcore and Christian metal bands. Before Padgett's fate was known, his sister's friends tried to offer words of comfort on Facebook. "I am praying for him to be okay," one friend posted. "They keep saying the shooter is dead but I wanna know who it is!!! I'm so stressed right now," Cooper responded. They joked that Jared needed to get a cell phone after the incident was over so they could get in touch with him easier. The chain of comments ended around midday Tuesday, a few hours after the shooting took place. A closer look: How many school shootings since Newtown .
highlights: Jared Padgett was a member of the JROTC . His sister publicly wondered about his well-being on Facebook . He was a fan of guns and heavy metal, according to his Facebook page . Padgett killed Emilio Hoffman, 14, before killing himself, police say .
id: 9472354903f4b013228435178bf1ea1cfbdde392
chatgpt: Tragedy struck on June 10, 2014 when Jared Padgett, a member of the Junior Reserve Officers' Training Corps (JROTC) at Reynolds High School in Troutdale, Oregon, opened fire and killed Emilio Hoffman, 14, before turning the gun on himself. According to reports, Padgett's sister took to Facebook to express her concern about her brother's well-being. She wrote, "I keep saying I hope he doesn't do anything stupid, but then again who knows what goes through somebody's head. :(." She also mentioned that Padgett was a fan of guns and heavy metal, which could have been a warning sign. Officials say that Padgett arrived at the school heavily armed and in full military gear, opening fire just as classes were beginning for the day. Students and staff immediately went into lockdown mode, with many barricading themselves inside classrooms and closets until the all-clear was given several hours later. As news of the shooting spread, families anxiously waited outside the school for any word on their loved ones. Emilio Hoffman's family was among them, and they were devastated to learn that their son had been killed in the attack. His father, Johnathan Hoffman, said in a statement, "We are deeply shocked and cannot comprehend the loss of our loving son, nephew and cousin, Emilio Hoffman. Emilio was a great kid and loved by all who knew him. We are proud of Emilio, who was a freshman at Reynolds High School. Our family will never be the same." In the wake of the tragedy, authorities scrambled to piece together what could have caused Padgett to carry out such a heinous act. Some speculate that he may have been dealing with mental health issues, while others point to his interest in guns and heavy metal as possible contributing factors. Regardless of the cause, students and staff at Reynolds High School were left reeling from the shock of the shooting. The school district released a statement saying, "The staff and administration of Reynolds School District extend their deepest condolences to the family and friends of Emilio Hoffman. Additional counselors and support services will be available to students and staff in the coming days and weeks." As the community comes together to mourn the loss of Emilio Hoffman and grapple with the senseless violence that occurred at Reynolds High School, many are left wondering what can be done to prevent future tragedies. Whether it is through increased mental health resources, tighter gun control measures, or a combination of both, one thing is clear: action must be taken to ensure that schools remain safe havens for students and staff alike.