article: A Palmer United Party candidate for the upcoming Queensland election is making a big impression on voters not because of his policies but because of his prominent moustache. Martin Brewster, who is Clive Palmer's nephew, is running on behalf of Mr Palmer's party in the North Queensland seat of Hinchinbrook. The Palmer United Party posted pictures of its candidates to Facebook and Twitter and the photo of Mr Brewster has drawn plenty of reaction with people making jokes and likening him to Daniel Day Lewis in Gangs Of New York, Nintendo character Luigi and a 'railway bandit'. Scroll down for video . Martin Brewster is in the running for the Palmer United Party in the North Queensland seat of Hinchinbrook . 'As a political cartoonist I would totally vote for Martin Brewster,' joked @jonkudelka. 'Queenslanders: you must vote the railway bandit to Hinchinbrook in the upcoming election. Our country depends on it,' wrote @jrhennessy. Meanwhile @olliemilman posted: 'If you're not at least considering Martin Brewster, people of Hinchinbrook, then you need to look at yourself and your anti-mo views.' Mr Brewster, who is an executive at Clive Palmer's company Queensland Nickel, is campaigning against the Newman Government's plan to sell and lease Queensland's assets. 'The privatisation of Queensland's assets, including schools and other education facilities, will deny Queenslanders access to quality education and training facilities,' Mr Brewster said. Mr Brewster is making a big impression on voters not because of his policies but because of his moustache . People have made jokes and likening him to Daniel Day Lewis in Gangs Of New York and a 'railway bandit' 'This is a very important issue facing many Queenslanders including those living in the electorate of Hinchinbrook. 'We consider this election to be a referendum on asset sales, Labor was voted out in 2012 because Anna Bligh tried to sell off our assets and now Campbell Newman is doing the same thing.' Mr Brewster has lived in the Hinchinbrook electorate, which covers the Queensland coastline between Townsville and Innisfail, for 20 years. The seat's current MP is the Liberal National Party's Andrew Cripps. The Queensland election will be held on January 31. Mr Brewster is the director of Clive Palmer's company Queensland Nickel .
highlights: Martin Brewster is the PUP candidate for North Queensland's Hinchinbrook . He's drawn plenty of reaction on social media due to his moustache . Mr Brewster is Clive Palmer's nephew and a senior executive at Mr Palmer's company Queensland Nickel .
id: 69c0efbe9ff2d1d5ce7f4b2926c48160b6246b04
chatgpt: Martin Brewster, the nephew of Australian billionaire Clive Palmer, has drawn plenty of attention on social media after being named the Palmer United Party (PUP) candidate for North Queensland's Hinchinbrook. However, it's not his political viewpoints that have people talking, it's his moustache. Brewster's handlebar moustache has been a topic of discussion on Twitter and Facebook since he was announced as a PUP candidate for the upcoming state election. Some have praised the moustache as a throwback to an earlier era while others have criticized it as outdated and sexist. The senior executive at Mr Palmer's company Queensland Nickel seems unfazed by the attention his facial hair has received. In fact, he has even incorporated it into his campaign, using the slogan "Vote for the 'stache'". Despite this, Brewster has stated that he believes voters should be more focused on the issues rather than his appearance. While Brewster's moustache may be a point of interest for some, he is running on a platform that includes supporting regional industries and creating jobs in North Queensland. He also aims to improve the delivery of government services in the area and address the region's infrastructure needs. Brewster's connection to Clive Palmer, who is widely known for his controversial statements and political views, has been a source of criticism for the PUP candidate. However, Brewster has stated that he is his own person with his own ideas and should not be judged solely on his family ties. The Hinchinbrook electorate, located in North Queensland, covers an area from Port Douglas to the Herbert River and includes the towns of Cardwell, Ingham, and Tully. The area is known for its sugar cane farming, fishing, and mariculture industries as well as its natural beauty and tourism opportunities. Brewster will face off against candidates from other political parties including Labor, One Nation, and the Liberal National Party in the upcoming state election. Whether his moustache will help or hinder his chances of being elected remains to be seen. However, it has certainly generated a lot of interest and publicity for his campaign.