article: (CNN) -- Even though he's being held in California, retired NFL star Darren Sharper was denied bail Thursday by a judge in Phoenix, Arizona, a spokesman for the Maricopa County Attorney's office said. Sharper, a five-time Pro Bowl player, faces five counts of drugging and raping three women in Scottsdale, Arizona, in November. Sharper has been in jail in Los Angeles since February 27 facing similar charges. Thursday's ruling in Arizona makes it more likely that Sharper will be denied bail in the California case as well. Sharper, 38, was being held on $1 million bail connected with charges of drugging and raping two women in the Los Angeles area, but Judge Renee Korn removed the bail and ordered him to remain in jail in March when an Arizona grand jury indicted him. The alleged rapes in California occurred in January and last October, authorities said. Sharper is due in a Los Angeles courtroom on Friday. Authorities have said Sharper is under investigation in three other states -- Louisiana, Nevada and Florida -- in cases of alleged sexual assault. So far, he has been charged only in California and Arizona, and he maintains his innocence in those cases. New Orleans police have issued an arrest warrant for Sharper but he has not been extradited to Louisiana to face charges. The application for the arrest warrant says New Orleans detectives interviewed two women who said they were raped on September 23. The two accusers told police they were so impaired they don't recall "the entirety of the sexual intercourse," and that they never agreed to have sex. Shaper's attorneys have said that he had consensual sex with the women. Sharper played for the Green Bay Packers, Minnesota Vikings and New Orleans Saints from 1997 through the 2010 season. The five-time Pro Bowl player intercepted 63 passes in his career, tying for seventh all-time. He is tied for second all-time in interceptions returned for touchdowns with 11, according to Pro-Football-Reference.com. He was recently fired as an NFL Network analyst. Police: Sharper, friend told others of raping two women . CNN's Chuck Conder contributed to this report.
highlights: Darren Sharper is under supicision in five states, but charged in two . His attorneys have said he had cosensual sex . He faces yet another court date Friday in Los Angeles . Thursday's development likely means he won't get bail in California either .
id: 86ca3259cdc4c4f1e0d86b7a0be079341c340d80
chatgpt: Former NFL player, Darren Sharper, remains under suspicion in five states for multiple sexual assault allegations, but has only been charged in two. His attorneys claim that any sexual encounters were consensual. Sharper, who is currently in custody, will face yet another court date on Friday in Los Angeles. Thursday’s developments regarding Sharper’s case have likely compounded his legal troubles, as it now appears unlikely that he will be granted bail in California. Despite a previous request for bail being granted in New Orleans, where he is also facing charges of rape and drug distribution, the new developments in California have made it more difficult for Sharper to gain his freedom. Legal experts are weighing in on the events surrounding Sharper’s case, with many speculating that this latest turn of events could spell disaster for the former athlete. Attorney and legal analyst, Troy Slaten, believes that Sharper’s ongoing issues with other states could ultimately impact his California case. “If he’s convicted of the federal charges or any other state charges, that will be used as impeachment material in California,” Slaten said. Despite the seriousness of the sexual assault charges and the mounting legal pressure against him, Sharper’s lawyers remain steadfast in their position that their client is innocent of all charges, and that any sexual encounters Sharper had were consensual. “Mr. Sharper is entitled to the presumption of innocence,” said one of his attorneys. “We believe that the evidence will prove that Mr. Sharper is not guilty.” Sharper’s legal troubles have been widely publicized in recent years, and have cast a shadow over his once-promising football career. He played for a number of teams including the New Orleans Saints, Minnesota Vikings and Green Bay Packers before retiring in 2011. As the legal proceedings against Sharper continue, it remains to be seen how the case will ultimately be resolved. If convicted, Sharper faces years in prison and damage to his reputation that may be irreversible. For now, he will remain in custody as he continues to navigate the complex web of legal challenges ahead.