article: Deborah Turness will be the first woman president of a network television news division in the United States . NBC News has . chosen a British woman as its new chief, making her the first ever female president of a network television news division in U.S. history. Deborah Turness, currently head of Britain’s ITV News, will succeed Steve . Capus who stepped down from the position in February after nearly eight years in the job. Turness faces a number of key challenges, in particular attempting to turn around breakfast . show 'Today' which has fallen behind ABC’s 'Good Morning America' after a . historic 16-year run in first place. The program's troubles have resulting in the loss of tens of . millions of dollars in advertising revenue, reports the New York Times. NBC News also faces the same . ratings difficulties as other television networks as well as competition on the internet. The channel has also announced that it is axing 'Rock Center With Brian Williams' due to disappointing ratings, just 14 months after it launched in a blitz of publicity hype. The show launched last March as a primetime news magazine and despite securing several high-profile interviews during the 2012 election cycle and winning an Emmy for its interview with Jerry Sandusky, it failed to establish itself with an widespread audience. After starting on Monday nights, it was shuffled around the schedule moving to Wednesday, then Thursday and was then moved to Friday earlier this year, where ratings averaged little more than 4 million viewers. NBC Universal News Group chairman Patricia Fili-Krushel announced on Friday that the show will end on June 21. Just over a year after it launched in a blitz of publicity hype, NBC has announced it is axing 'Rock Center With Brian Williams' due to disappointing ratings . ‘While we’re disappointed with the news, we are very proud of the hard work that the "Rock Center" team put into the program each week,' said Fili-Krushel. ‘Everyone gave their all to bring the most interesting stories to our viewers.’ Williams will continue to host NBC Nightly News on weeknights, it is the highest-rated evening newscast of any of the major networks. ITV . and NBC News have had a content-sharing relationship for several years; . NBC sometimes televises reports from ITV correspondents in Africa and . the Middle East. NBC . News, founded in 1940, was the nation’s first producer of television . news; it was joined later by ABC and CBS. The news division has had nine . presidents in the 73 years since its founding. Former President of NBC News Steve Capus, left, stepped down in February after a tough year with the 'Today' show .
highlights: Deborah Turness set to be next NBC News president and first female president of a U.S. network television news division . She will join from ITV News in the U.K. and her brief will include turning around the 'Today' program . The channel has also cancelled 'Rock Center' after it struggled to attract a primetime audience . Williams will continue to host the very popular NBC Nightly News on weeknights .
id: ab1d7d91baf0d341a40a9e05091b1df47501055a
chatgpt: In a historic move for U.S. network television news, Deborah Turness has been appointed as the next president of NBC News. With this appointment, she becomes the first female president of a U.S. network television news division. Turness is set to join from ITV News in the U.K. and will assume the role of NBC News president in August. One of Turness' key responsibilities as president of NBC News will be to turn around the fortunes of the "Today" program. The morning talk show has struggled in the ratings battle with its chief rival, ABC's "Good Morning America", and its current hosts, Matt Lauer and Savannah Guthrie, have come under fire for a perceived lack of chemistry. Turness will be tasked with revamping the show's format and team to try and win back viewers. In a related move, NBC has announced the cancellation of "Rock Center", a newsmagazine program that had failed to attract a primetime audience. The show, which was anchored by Brian Williams, had struggled to find a foothold in a crowded TV landscape that included popular dramas and reality shows. The network's decision to cancel "Rock Center" underscores their commitment to investing in news programming that connects with viewers. Despite the cancellation of "Rock Center", Brian Williams will continue to host the extremely popular "NBC Nightly News" on weeknights. Williams has been the anchor of the show since 2004 and his authoritative, yet approachable, style has helped to make "NBC Nightly News" the most watched network news program in the U.S. Turness will work alongside Williams to ensure that the show remains a go-to destination for viewers looking for in-depth reporting on the day's top stories. Turness' appointment comes at a time of major changes for the TV news industry. With the rise of digital and social media platforms, TV networks are increasingly having to adapt to new ways of delivering news to audiences. Turness has been credited with leading ITV News through a similar period of change in the U.K., and her experience will be invaluable as NBC News looks to maintain its position as one of the most trusted names in TV journalism. In a statement announcing the appointment, NBCUniversal CEO Steve Burke praised Turness as "one of the most talented and respected executives in television news." He added, "Deborah has a proven track record of producing award-winning journalism and building successful news programs. She is the right person to lead NBC News into the future." For her part, Turness expressed excitement at the prospect of taking on the role. "I'm honored and humbled to be joining the talented team at NBC News," she said. "I look forward to working with Brian Williams, the 'Today' team, and everyone at NBC News to continue delivering the highest-quality journalism to viewers across the country." With Turness at the helm, NBC News is sure to be in good hands as it navigates the changing TV news landscape.