article: In these incredible pictures soldiers are seen leaping 10,000ft with their daredevil dogs in tandem parachute jumps. One four-legged recruit joined Special Forces troops on a parachute freefall into one of Europe's biggest military training exercises in Norway. The explosives sniffing dog, a member of Austria's version of the SAS, took part in Operation Cold Response along with British Special Forces and Royal Marines assault teams. Securely strapped to his handler and with a muzzle to stop him damaging his mouth on landing, he plunged 10,000ft from a transporter plane over Narvik. Scroll down for video . One four-legged recruit has already joined Special Forces troops on a parachute jump into one of Europe's biggest military training exercises in Norway . The Spanish Army has introduced the first tandem flight for dogs and handlers in the world . Until now, army dog trainers have had to go through specialist  training in order to make the jump with their canine partners. But the Spanish Army has recently introduced the world's first tandem parachute for dog and handler. In new trials at a drop zone in Santorcaz, Spain, both dogs and handlers have been safely delivered to the ground by the professional parachutist. A dog specialised in sniffing out explosives was able to leap out of the plane with its owner and a soldier from the Parachute Regiment in the first jump. And in the second jump another dog called Jimy, specialised in tracking and attacking on command, made the leap. Spanish army spokesman Raul Ramon, 45, said: 'Both dogs were Belgian shepherds. The jump was made from a height of 10,000 feet and the tests proved that both dogs and handler can work properly after the freefall.' In freefall, the sniffer dog calmly takes in the view as they both hurtle towards the ground on their assignment . Until now, army dog trainers have had to go through specialist parachute training in order to jump 10,000ft from planes with their canine partners . The new system introduced by the Spanish military involves an experienced Parachute Regiment officer jumping with the army dog handler and his dog .
highlights: Incredible pictures show soldiers leaping 10,000ft from planes with dogs . One four-legged recruit joined troops on a  military exercise in Norway . Spanish Army has now introduced first tandem flight for dog and handler . Two Belgian shepherds have successfully made the 10,000ft jump .
id: ae3a5a2ce3eba11cf97a78dbc59f516e20956d80
chatgpt: The Spanish Army has taken training to new heights after introducing a tandem flight for dogs and their handlers. Incredible pictures have been released showing soldiers leaping 10,000ft from airplanes with their loyal four-legged companions. The dog/handler tandem flights were introduced after one lucky canine was given the opportunity to accompany troops on a military exercise in Norway. The Spanish Army was very impressed with the dog's performance during the exercise, and knew that dogs could benefit from the same training as their human counterparts. The first dog to take part in the tandem flight was not just any ordinary furry recruit. A Belgian shepherd was selected, and was not alone. Another Belgian shepherd was also chosen and two of them successfully made the 10,000ft jump in tandem with their handlers. Pictures of the dogs dangling from the parachute harnesses of their handlers have left many amazed. The Spanish Army's bravery in taking this innovative step to integrate their dogs into military training has drawn attention from around the world. The army has said that it is part of an overall effort to improve the readiness of their troops, and ensure that their canine members get the same level of training and care as human soldiers. Experts have lauded the initiative, saying that it is part of a growing trend to include dogs more fully in military training. This move to include dogs is inspired by their exceptional tracking abilities and their ability to fit into tight spaces such as caves and small buildings. As the world's militaries begin to incorporate more dogs into their training programs, the traditional role of military canines is changing. "Dogs are not only pets, they are part of our team," said a spokesperson for the Spanish Army. "They have the same role as our soldiers and our equipment, and so they need the same level of training and preparation." The Spanish Army's efforts are a reflection of the changing dynamic of modern warfare. With the increasing complexity of the battlefield and the expanding role of technology, the military is turning to new solutions to create an advantage in the fight on the ground. And these brave dogs are proving to be one of the most effective solutions yet.