article: (CNN) -- Interim Egyptian President Adly Mansour sent a letter to the family of jailed Al Jazeera journalist Mohamed Fahmy on Sunday telling him that Fahmy "will enjoy all his rights guaranteed by Egyptian law." Mansour also ordered Egypt's interior minister to follow up on Fahmy's health condition and "to provide all possible care." Fahmy, a former CNN producer, injured his shoulder before his arrest in December while working as bureau chief for Al Jazeera English in Cairo. He's complained about not getting proper medical treatment while in prison. He says that because of the lack of treatment, he no longer has full use of his right arm. On Saturday, Fahmy, escorted by heavily armed, balaclava-wearing guards, arrived at a civilian hospital for the first time for a shoulder scan. Friends and family talked to him through the steel mesh of a prisoner transport vehicle before he was taken inside, where they had more access. The visit by family and friends "put him in a good mood," said Fahmy's fiancee, Marwa Abdel Magid. "It's the first time I've seen him smile since he got arrested." Fahmy, who was seen barely able to lift his arm during his examination, had MRI and CT scans at the hospital. He said he and his colleagues -- Al Jazeera correspondent Peter Greste and producer Baher Mohamed -- were in good spirits. They also now receive daily newspapers to alleviate the boredom while they wait for their trial to end. Fahmy said he wanted more time outside his windowless cell with his colleagues. He also wants his case resolved faster and more time with his lawyer than the 45 minutes he receives before each session. In the letter, the interim President promised to "make sure the case is resolved quickly and that justice is achieved according to the law." Fahmy, Greste and Mohamed have been detained for almost three months after security services raided their workspace at the Marriott hotel. The Egyptian government says they distorted their coverage in favor of ousted President Mohamed Morsy and the Muslim Brotherhood, which is designated a terrorist group in Egypt. They are on trial, charged with spreading false news and belonging to a terrorist organization, which Al Jazeera strongly denies. The case has been widely condemned internationally as an attack on free speech. Their trial will resume on March 31.
highlights: In a letter, Egypt's interim President reassures Mohamed Fahmy's family . The jailed Al Jazeera journalist has MRI, CT scans of his injured shoulder at a civilian hospital . Fahmy, Baher Mohamed, Peter Greste accused of spreading false news, having terrorist ties . Their trial is set to resume on March 31 .
id: cff16ff390e4a88eb54d971a82a894f583e2a3ed
chatgpt: Egypt's interim president, Adly Mansour, has sent a letter to the family of Mohamed Fahmy, a jailed Al Jazeera journalist. In the letter, Mansour assured the family that Fahmy is receiving proper medical attention for his injured shoulder. Fahmy, along with fellow Al Jazeera journalists Baher Mohamed and Peter Greste, are currently on trial in Egypt for allegedly spreading false news and having ties to terrorist organizations. The trial is set to resume on March 31. According to reports, Fahmy has recently undergone MRI and CT scans of his injured shoulder at a civilian hospital. The scans were ordered by the court overseeing the trial, after Fahmy's lawyers argued that he was not receiving adequate medical care in prison. Following the scans, Fahmy's lawyers claimed that the results indicated that their client's injury was more severe than previously believed. However, they also noted that the scans did not reveal any evidence of mistreatment or abuse. In his letter, Mansour assured Fahmy's family that he was "taking all necessary steps to ensure that his legal rights are protected and that he is receiving the best possible medical care." The case has been widely criticized by human rights organizations and press freedom advocates, who argue that the charges against the journalists are politically motivated and designed to silence opposition to the Egyptian government. Al Jazeera has also been critical of the case, with the network launching a global campaign to free its journalists. The campaign has been supported by numerous high-profile figures, including UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon, Nobel laureate Desmond Tutu, and British actor Colin Firth. Despite the international outcry, the Egyptian government has remained steadfast in its prosecution of the journalists. The trial has been marred by numerous delays and procedural irregularities, leading many to question the fairness of the proceedings. As the trial prepares to resume, the eyes of the international community will once again be on Egypt and its treatment of journalists and press freedom.