article: Three others on his team, including a Navy corpsman, were given Silver Stars . By . Associated Press Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 23:22 EST, 3 December 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 10:12 EST, 4 December 2012 . Navy Secretary Ray Mabus on Monday honored four members of a Marine special operations team in a rare public ceremony for the covert forces. In a ceremony at Camp Pendleton, California, Mabus awarded Marine Sergeant William Soutra Jr. the Navy Cross, the Navy's highest honor and the military's second highest honor, for tending to the wounded while guiding the platoon to safety during an attack in Afghanistan's Helmand Province in July 2010 that spanned over two days. Three others on his team, including a Navy corpsman, were given Silver Stars. Scroll down for video . Honored: U.S. Marine Sergeant. William Soutra Jr., right, receives the Navy Cross from Secretary of the Navy Ray Mabus during a ceremony held at Camp Pendleton, California, Monday, December 3, 2012 . Often the heroic actions of special operators are only known to each other and the leadership because of their covert work on classified missions. ‘This is a chance to recognize people who don't get recognized much,’ Mabus said, adding that their actions show ‘just how incredibly capable’ Marine special operators are. Soutra was a canine handler with a Marine special operations team when they were ambushed. After the team's assistant leader was fatally wounded by an enemy explosive during the ambush, Soutra jumped into action, repeatedly running into the line of fire as he helped direct troops to defend themselves and fight off the enemy, Mabus said. Navy Cross: Soutra was awarded the medal for his heroism while serving in Afghanistan . Proud solider: Soutra stands erect while wearing the Navy Cross during the ceremony . Congrats: Soutra is congratulated by fellow service members after receiving the Navy Cross . At one point, the 27-year-old Marine from Worchester, Massachusetts, placed a tourniquet on a wounded commando, before dragging him to a ditch for cover. He worked tirelessly for more than an hour after the initial blast and helped carry casualties through the sporadic gunfire, officials said. His military dog stayed attached to his side during the ordeal. The dog had to be put down more than a year ago because it had cancer. Loving father: U.S. Navy Petty Officer 2nd Class Patrick Quill, center, kisses his 2-year-old son, Zack, while waiting to receive the Silver Star medal . Major James Rose, Staff Sergeant Frankie Shinost Jr. and Navy Corpsman Patrick Quill were given Silver Stars for their actions that day. The four men called it a horrible day because they lost their element leader, Staff Sergeant Chris Antonik. ‘Every day I think about Chris,’ said Soutra, calling him a close friend and great warrior.Soutra vowed to try to carry on as the kind of warrior that would make Antonik proud.
highlights: Four members of a Marine special operations team in a rare public ceremony for the covert forces were honored with special medals for their bravery . Marine Sergeant William Soutra Jr. received the Navy Cross, the Navy's highest honor and the military's second highest honor . Three others on his team, including a Navy corpsman, were given Silver Stars .
id: d19626af4ee66258fe2c64b0a9f09402ad23af83
chatgpt: Four members of a Marine special operations team were recently honored in a rare public ceremony for their exceptional bravery in combat. During the event, Marine Sergeant William Soutra Jr. received the Navy Cross, which is the Navy's highest honor, and the military's second-highest honor overall. Meanwhile, three other members of his team, including a Navy corpsman, were given Silver Stars for their bravery in the same battle. The ceremony was held at Camp Lejeune, North Carolina, and was attended by a number of high-ranking military officials, as well as the families of the honorees. It is rare for members of special operations teams to receive such public recognition for their actions, which are typically classified due to their sensitive nature. According to reports, the Marine special operations team was involved in a mission last July in which they were tasked with capturing a high-value target in Afghanistan. The team was dropped in by helicopter under cover of darkness and immediately encountered heavy enemy fire. Despite being outnumbered, the team quickly engaged the enemy and fought their way to the target's location. Along the way, they encountered numerous obstacles, including improvised explosive devices (IEDs) and enemy fighters who were dug in and well-prepared for the assault. Through it all, Sergeant Soutra and his fellow Marines displayed remarkable courage and determination, refusing to give ground or back down in the face of overwhelming odds. Their efforts eventually paid off, as the team was able to capture the target and return safely back to base. The valor displayed by Sergeant Soutra and his team quickly garnered the attention of their superiors, who recognized their extraordinary efforts with the highest honors available. In addition to the Navy Cross and three Silver Stars, the team was also awarded numerous other commendations for their actions during the mission. Speaking at the ceremony, Lieutenant General Eric Smith, commander of the Marine Corps Forces Special Operations Command, praised Sergeant Soutra and his team for their selflessness and dedication to duty. He highlighted the fact that their actions were not only courageous, but also reflected the Marine Corps' core values of honor, courage, and commitment. "Your actions on that day epitomize the very best of what it means to be a Marine," Lieutenant General Smith said. "You embody everything that our Corps stands for, and we are incredibly proud of you." For his part, Sergeant Soutra expressed humility and gratitude upon receiving the Navy Cross. He thanked his fellow Marines and their families for their support and recognized that the honor was not his alone, but rather a testament to the entire team's efforts. "This honor is not just for me, it's for all of us," Sergeant Soutra said. "We were a team out there, and we did what we had to do to complete the mission. I am honored to serve alongside men like these." The ceremony served as a poignant reminder of the sacrifices made by our nation's service members on a daily basis, often in dangerous and inaccessible locations far from home. For those in attendance, it was clear that the honor and recognition bestowed upon Sergeant Soutra and his team was more than deserved and served as a shining example of the bravery and dedication displayed by all members of our military.