article: Ercis, Turkey (CNN) -- The death toll from the massive earthquake that shook eastern Turkey over the weekend rose to 535 Thursday, up from 471 the day before, but crews have been able to rescue 185 people alive from the rubble, Turkish officials said. In addition, about 2,300 people were injured by the 7.2-magnitude earthquake that struck Sunday, according to the Turkish Disaster and Emergency Relief Agency. Meanwhile, crews rescued 18-year-old Imdat Padak alive from the rubble of an apartment building in Ercis almost 100 hours after the earthquake, the semi-official Anatolian new agency reported. After teams from Azerbaijan retrieved him, Padak was taken to a hospital for initial treatment, and then was airlifted by helicopter to Van. Padak appeared not to have any significant trauma, but was suffering dehydration. He is reported to be a student from the village of Kiziloren and was taking courses while preparing for university entrance exams. Earlier in the week, crews pulled a 2-week-old baby, Azra Karaduman, alive from the debris. The developments came as there were reports of a moderate earthquake in the country's south. A 5.2 earthquake hit about 200 kilometers (125 miles) south of the center of Sunday's quake, near the border with Iraq, the U.S. Geological Survey reported. There were no immediate reports of damage from the latest quake. Padak was the latest of several people found alive in the rubble days after Sunday's quake. On Wednesday rescuers pulled two people from collapsed buildings. Britain has pledged emergency tents for more than 5,500 people whose homes were destroyed, Home Secretary Theresa May said during a visit to Turkey Thursday. CNN's Diana Magnay, Yesim Comert and Michael Martinez contributed to this story .
highlights: NEW: The death toll rises to 535 . NEW: Crews have rescued 185 people alive from the rubble . One person saved is an 18-year-old man . Britain pledges emergency tents for more than 5,500 people .
id: bb3b2761d6c1fd923bdfe5b2400a08609478a0d6
chatgpt: In the aftermath of the devastating earthquake that struck a small country in Asia, rescue crews have been working tirelessly to save as many lives as possible. With the death toll now rising to 535, every rescue is a small victory for the people of this struggling nation. Despite the immense destruction caused by the earthquake, there have been some moments of hope. Crews have managed to rescue 185 people alive from the rubble, including an 18-year-old man who had been trapped for over two days. The young man's rescuers spoke of their relief and happiness at being able to save him from certain death. In response to the crisis, the UK government has announced that it will be providing emergency tents for more than 5,500 people affected by the disaster. This is part of a broader effort by the international community to provide aid and support to the affected region. However, the task ahead is daunting. With entire communities in ruins and many people still missing, rescue teams are working round the clock to locate any signs of life. The search and rescue operation is ongoing, with hopes that more survivors can be found. As aid pours in from around the world, the people of the affected country continue to mourn and rebuild. The coming weeks and months will be incredibly difficult for those affected by this tragedy. But the resilience and spirit of the people will no doubt shine through in the face of this adversity. In the meantime, rescue crews will not rest until they have done everything in their power to save as many lives as possible. We can only hope and pray that more survivors will be found in the days to come.