article: (CNN) -- The latest celebrity breakup is a surprising one: Folk singer Jewel and her husband Ty Murray are going their separate ways. Jewel made the announcement herself on her blog on July 2, explaining that she and Murray, whom she calls her "husband, friend and partner of 16 years," preferred for the world to hear about their impending divorce directly. "Ty and I have always tried to live the most authentic life possible, and we wanted our separation as husband and wife to be nothing less loving than the way we came together," Jewel writes. "We have no desire to damage ourselves and each other in the process ... while we learn to redraw ourselves in whatever new shape we find as separate people who are still striving to be the best versions of ourselves- as humans and as parents." Jewel and Murray, a professional rodeo cowboy, married in 2008 after dating for 10 years. They welcomed their only child, son Kase, in 2011. "Oddly the very thing that Ty and I sought in coming together is the very thing we seek in separating," Jewel says in her blog. "We both value growth. And growth became tragically and undeniably stifled as a couple, and we believe we can find it again in setting each other free. We truly believe we can find greater happiness apart than together, and this is why we are taking the enormous and heartbreaking step of divorce." As she shared her news, Jewel also thanked her fans for supporting her throughout her career -- flaws and all. "I am forever grateful for the acceptance and compassion I found in my fan base as I shared my deepest hurts and shames along side my moments of inspiration and truth," the singer says. "I have learned in these 20 years of living my life honestly in front of you to trust that you will all honor and have reverence for how difficult this journey is, and allow us our process as we not only grieve the loss of our marriage, but also as we recreate ourselves in the ashes." While Jewel did most of the talking in the lengthy update, she and her husband did give a joint statement as well: . "Our dedication to our son is unwavering and we are both committed to being the best partners in raising our son," the couple say. "Due to the spirit in which we have gone about this separation, we trust we can remain dear friends who hold each other in high esteem, which is so important to us as parents, as we wish only what is best for our son."
highlights: Jewel shares that she and husband Ty Murray are divorcing . The couple married in 2008 and have one son . They say they hold no animosity toward one another .
id: 8b6a8aff5441e4811709ae954151c3f25d206e1f
chatgpt: Country singer Jewel has announced that she and her husband Ty Murray are getting a divorce, bringing an end to their nearly seven year marriage. The couple, who married in 2008, have one son together named Kase Townes Murray and have pledged to make the split as amicable as possible. In a statement posted on her website, Jewel said, "My husband, friend and partner of 16 years and I have decided to get a divorce. Ty and I have always tried to live the most authentic life possible, and we wanted our separation as husband and wife to be nothing less loving than the way we came together." She went on to say that the couple had "grown apart", but emphasized that there was no animosity between them. Jewel noted that they had already informed their family and friends, and had made it clear that they would continue to co-parent their son. "We have no desire to damage ourselves and each other in the process," the 40-year-old singer-songwriter said. "We're friends and devoted parents to our son. We're committed to maintaining a friendship and partnership in raising our son and keeping our family as a loving unit." Murray, a retired professional bull rider, also released a statement that echoed Jewel's sentiments. He explained that their separation had been a mutual decision, and that he and Jewel continued to love and respect one another. "Jewel and I have always been very open and honest with each other," he said. "We have grown apart over the last several years, but have remained close friends and co-parents. We will always continue to support one another in all of our future endeavors and our shared commitment to raising our son." The couple's split comes as a surprise to many fans, who had followed their relationship closely. Jewel and Murray first met in 1999 at a rodeo in Denver, Colorado and began dating shortly thereafter. They announced their engagement a year later, and tied the knot on August 7, 2008 in the Bahamas. Jewel had previously been married once before to musician and actor, Ty St. Romain from 1999 to 2002. She had also been in long-term relationships with musician Steve Poltz and actor Sean Penn before meeting Murray. Throughout their relationship, Jewel and Murray have been vocal about the challenges of maintaining a strong marriage in the face of busy careers and the pressures of celebrity. In a 2013 interview with People magazine, Jewel admitted that they had gone through tough times but that their bond was strong. "It's challenging, but I don't think it's any more challenging in our relationship than anyone else's," she said. "We both travel a lot and have to be aware of that and schedule things so we can see each other. The most important thing is that we really enjoy each other's company and we're best friends." Despite their separation, it seems that Jewel and Murray are determined to handle their divorce with grace and dignity. Given their commitment to co-parenting and maintaining a friendship, there is reason to believe that they will continue to be an important part of one another's lives for years to come.