article: (CNN) -- New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie called a fire raging through boardwalk buildings Thursday an "unthinkable situation" as firefighters continued to fight the high flames and black smoke in Seaside Park, New Jersey. Christie said 35 engine companies, 15 ladders and 400 firefighters remained on the scene Thursday evening. So far, dozens of businesses have been burned and damaged over four blocks. Some embers hit a condominium, but it was quickly put out, Christie said. Several firefighters have sustained minor injuries, including heat exhaustion and smoke inhalation, Christie said. The fire was still burning along Ocean Terrace Avenue between Stockton Avenue and Lincoln Avenue Thursday evening. Christie said he was notified of the fire shortly after 3:30 p.m. ET. A cause has not been determined. The damage is almost entirely on the boardwalk, Christie said. Fire personnel dug a 20-foot trench on Lincoln Avenue; "that's where firefighters are making their stand right now," Christie said. Brisk winds are spreading the fire, Christie said. "The destruction south of Lincoln Avenue, it's complete," Christie said Thursday. "I said to my staff, I feel like I want to throw up, and that's me. After all the effort and time and resources that we've put in to help the folks in Seaside Park and Seaside Heights rebuild. To see this going on, as I said at the top, is just unthinkable." The famous boardwalk of Seaside Heights was thrown into the public eye shortly after Superstorm Sandy tore its famous Jet Star roller coaster into the water. The coaster was removed from the ocean in May, shortly before the boardwalk reopened for business. The FunTown Pier was destroyed by Sandy and partially reopened this summer. Seaside Heights Mayor Bill Akers told CNN in May that rebuilding the boardwalk cost $8 million. The total cost for Sandy repairs in Seaside Heights was $16 million. Christie explained that fire troops were experiencing water supply challenges because of damage to the system post Sandy, and that teams were drawing lines from Barnegat Bay. CNN affiliate KYW reported that the fire started at Kohr Brothers frozen custard shop on the FunTown Amusement Pier around 2:15 p.m. ET. The fire escalated to six alarms shortly before 4 p.m. ET, according to the same affiliate. Jersey Central Power and Light spokesman Ron Morano said their crews are in the area and that he is not aware of any outages due to the fire. CNN's Kristina Sgueglia, Julia Talanova, Kevin Conlon, Chris Welch and Rob Frehse contributed to this report.
highlights: NEW: Gov. Chris Christie calls huge fire an "unthinkable situation" NEW: More than 400 firefighters battling blaze on famous boardwalk, he says . Dozens of businesses have been damaged, governor says . Part of the boardwalk reopened this summer after the old was destroyed in Superstorm Sandy .
id: 90fc6146e73ead96ca55251025f1c6751d4da9b8
chatgpt: In one of the most devastating incidents to hit the state of New Jersey, a vicious fire broke out on the famous boardwalk of Seaside Park on Thursday, September 12. New Jersey Governor, Chris Christie, who was at the site to assess the damage, called the inferno an "unthinkable situation". The fire started in a frozen custard shop in the vicinity of Kohr's Brothers and quickly escalated, causing more than 400 firefighters to be deployed to bring it under control. The conflagration only got worse, quickly engulfing adjacent buildings and causing extensive damage to dozens of businesses, Governor Christie said. The Seaside Park Boardwalk is an iconic landmark that spans one mile along the coast of the Atlantic Ocean. It has been a popular tourist attraction for decades and has been home to countless restaurants, boutique shops, amusement parks, and a water park. Part of the boardwalk was recently reopened after being destroyed during Superstorm Sandy, which caused more than $30 billion in damages in the Northeast in 2012. The fire has caused significant damage to the commercial district of Seaside Park, which was still recovering from Hurricane Sandy. According to witnesses, locals and firefighters, the fire was fuelled by high winds that spread the flames throughout the boardwalk, making it difficult for firefighters to extinguish the blaze. While the intensity of the fire has been brought down, firefighters are still working tirelessly to contain it as strong winds continue to fuel the flames. Christie said in a news conference that "It’s not just the fire that we had yesterday; it’s the wind that’s really making a tough time for everybody.” The Governor praised the heroic efforts of the firefighters who have risked their lives to save lives and minimize the damage on the site. “They want to be in there doing their jobs. They want to be in there saving lives and property," he said. The cause of the fire is still unknown and an investigation is ongoing. However, officials have reassured the public that the remaining section of the boardwalk is safe and open for business. The extent of the damage caused by the inferno cannot be overemphasized. The Seaside Park Boardwalk has been an iconic New Jersey landmark for over a century, and the damage caused by the fire will not just affect the businesses located on the boardwalk but also the community that depends on it.