article: New York (CNN) -- If "Spider-Man: Turn Off the Dark" can rise above devastating reviews and headline-grabbing injuries, much of the credit will go to director Philip William McKinley. McKinley was hired four months ago to salvage the troubled show, which officially opens Tuesday evening. "Well, they say I'm either the bravest or stupidest man in New York," McKinley said. As stuntmen flew overhead before an afternoon matinee preview, McKinley says he took the job in large part because of the commitment of the show's team. "From what the cast had gone through, I knew they had the dedication, the creativity, the formidability to do it. And that meant a great deal to me," he said. McKinley, a Broadway veteran, has the creative experience for the job. When "Spider-Man 2.0," the nickname for the retooled version, opens, it will have gone through millions of dollars in development costs, six delayed openings and a record-setting 180 preview performances. The original concept for "Spider-Man" was the vision of Julie Taymor, the Tony Award-winning director of the stage version of The Lion King. She was pushed aside by producers in March, although she reportedly retains some involvement in the show. Musical collaborators are U2 bandmates Bono and the Edge, who wrote the show's music and lyrics, stayed on and added several new songs while rewriting a few others. Also added to the revamped show are an additional five flying sequences and expanded roles for Aunt May, Uncle Ben and love-interest Mary Jane Watson. But despite the changes, many fear the worst for the show financially. Foxwoods Theatre is one of the largest on Broadway. If "Spider-Man" is going to be successful, the show will have to fill the seats in the house for years to come. "The weekly running costs just to pay the actors, the stagehands and all that stuff is $1.3 million," said NY Post Theater Critic Michael Riedel. "Now the show is grossing, according to Variety, over a million dollars a week. But that's just breaking even. They haven't even begun to chip away at the $80 million production costs." Still, McKinley says audiences seem to love the show. And from the very first preview since the big revamp, the cast has been pumped, he said. "The magical moment was when the curtain went down, the cast completely lost all their composure, began jumping up and down, began high-fiving each other like at a baseball game or a football game," he said. "They were just cheering. " "The song in the show, 'Rise Above,' that's kind of become our motto and kind of become the anthem."
highlights: Getting the production to opening night has cost an estimated $80 million . Musical collaborators are U2 bandmates Bono and the Edge . They have added several new songs, while rewriting a few others . The show must gross more than $1 million a week to meet costs .
id: 965e1102a1e47d151e3a1b79ded9b32431bcef83
chatgpt: The new Broadway musical "Spider-Man: Turn Off the Dark" has been making headlines for years now, thanks to its incredibly long, expensive and tumultuous production process. But after many delays, setbacks and personnel changes, the show is finally set to open on Sunday, June 14, at the Foxwoods Theatre in New York City. According to The New York Times, getting the high-flying superhero extravaganza to opening night has cost an estimated $80 million, making it by far the most expensive show in Broadway history. This mammoth budget was due to many factors, such as the elaborate set design, the numerous special effects and the high cost of rehearsing and training the cast and crew. But perhaps the biggest expense was the involvement of musical collaborators Bono and the Edge, both of whom are members of the legendary Irish rock band U2. The duo were responsible for writing the show's music and lyrics, which added an extra layer of star power to the project. They created several new songs specifically for "Spider-Man," while also revising and rewriting several others. Despite the massive investment, "Spider-Man" still faces a daunting financial challenge: the show must gross more than $1 million a week just to meet its costs, which does not include any profits for investors. This is a tall order for any Broadway show, especially one with such a high budget and complicated staging. The show has also faced many obstacles along the way, such as cast injuries, technical malfunctions, and creative differences between the producers and the original director, Julie Taymor. Taymor was eventually fired from the project in 2011, after more than two years of work, and replaced by a new team led by director Philip William McKinley. Despite these difficulties, "Spider-Man" has generated considerable interest and buzz among theatergoers and comic book fans alike. The show's spectacular aerial stunts and eye-popping visuals have been major selling points, as well as the involvement of Bono and the Edge. The show's producers are hoping that this combination of factors will result in a long and successful run on Broadway. If "Spider-Man" can attract large audiences and positive reviews, it could potentially recoup its enormous production costs and turn a profit. Of course, nothing is certain in the competitive and unpredictable world of Broadway, but "Spider-Man: Turn Off the Dark" has already carved out a unique place for itself in theater history. Whether it becomes a financial success or not, it will be remembered for its ambitious scale, its celebrity ties and its many challenges and controversies.