article: (CNN) -- An Irish bishop resigned Wednesday following a government report into the sexual abuse of children by Catholic clergy -- the second to do so. Bishop Jim Moriarty was not directly criticized in the Murphy Report, but was a member of the Dublin archdiocese leadership for more than a decade before it put proper protections for children in place, he said. Moriarty said he "should have challenged the prevailing culture" of protecting the church rather than children when he was an auxiliary bishop in Dublin from 1991 to 2002. "I know that any action now on my part does not take away the suffering that people have endured," he said in a written statement. "I again apologize to all the survivors and their families. I have today offered my resignation as bishop of Kildare & Leighlin to the Holy Father. I hope it honors the truth that the survivors have so bravely uncovered and opens the way to a better future for all concerned." The Vatican had no immediate comment on the resignation. Moriarty has been a priest for 48 years, he said in the statement. "I fully accept the overall conclusion ... that the attempts by church authorities to 'protect the church' and to 'avoid scandal' had the most dreadful consequences for children and were deeply wrong," Moriarty said after the government report came out last month. Bishop Donal Murray, the bishop of Limerick, resigned on December 17. Murray was named in the 720-page report that found the Archdiocese of Dublin and other Catholic Church authorities in Ireland covered up clerical child abuse from 1975 to 2004. Child sexual abuse was "widespread" then, the report found. The report by the Dublin Archdiocese Commission of Investigation, which was set up in March 2006 to look into the abuse allegations, did not say Murray was guilty of abuse but that he failed to report it. Murray was "aware for many years of complaints and/or suspicions of clerical child sexual abuse in the archdiocese," the report found. It said he dealt "badly" with a number of complaints and suspicions of abuse, and that his failings in at least one instance were "inexcusable." Murray resigned under a canon law that requires bishops who have become unsuited for the fulfillment of their office to resign, the Vatican said. Pope Benedict XVI met with senior Irish bishops at the Vatican a week before Murray's resignation and said he was "deeply disturbed and distressed" by the report's findings. He promised that the Catholic Church would try to develop strategies to make sure the abuses don't happen again. CNN's Hada Messia in Rome, Italy, contributed to this report.
highlights: Irish bishop resigns after government report on sex abuse of children by Catholic clergy . Bishop Jim Moriarty was not directly criticized in the Murphy Report . He was a member of Dublin archdiocese leadership before it put proper protections in place . Donal Murray, Limerick bishop, resigned in December after being named in abuse cover up .
id: f45bbb7d76a0e5bc4e9fb8004a9d20a1dedcf0a0
chatgpt: In a shocking move, Bishop Jim Moriarty has tendered his resignation in the wake of a damning government report on the sex abuse of children by Catholic clergy. The Irish bishop, who was part of the Dublin archdiocese leadership when it failed to put proper protections in place, was not directly criticized in the Murphy Report. However, his decision to step down is a clear indication of his acknowledgement of the role his leadership played in the abuse scandal. The Murphy Report, which investigated the handling of allegations of abuse in the Dublin archdiocese between 1975 and 2004, was published in 2009. The report found that the archdiocese had consistently prioritized the protection of the Church's reputation over the welfare of children. The report also found that the archdiocese had covered up allegations of abuse and failed to report them to the authorities. Bishop Moriarty's resignation comes just months after Limerick bishop Donal Murray resigned in December 2009 after being named in the report. Murray had been found to have covered up allegations of abuse against a priest, and his resignation was widely seen as a signal that the Church was finally beginning to take responsibility for the abuse scandal. In a statement released on Wednesday, Bishop Moriarty said that he was resigning "in the best interests of the diocese and hoping that this decision will help bring the peace and reconciliation to those who have been hurt." The statement went on to say that Bishop Moriarty "fully accepts the considerable criticism which the Murphy Report made of the diocese of Dublin and himself." Despite not being directly criticized in the Murphy Report, Bishop Moriarty's decision to resign has been widely welcomed by abuse survivors and their advocates. Maeve Lewis, the executive director of the abuse survivors group One in Four, said that "given that he was part of the leadership team at the time the abuses were occurring, it is proper that he should resign." She added that Bishop Moriarty's decision "sends out a very powerful message that the culture within the Church is changing." The resignation of Bishop Moriarty may be seen as a turning point in the Church's response to the abuse scandal. While the Church has been widely criticized for its handling of allegations of abuse, the resignations of Bishop Murray and now Bishop Moriarty may indicate a newfound willingness on the part of the Church to take responsibility for the past and to work towards preventing future abuse. However, there is still a long way to go. The Murphy Report revealed a shocking level of abuse and cover-up within the Church, and there are still many questions to be answered. It remains to be seen whether other bishops will follow the lead of Bishop Moriarty and Bishop Murray, and whether the Church will truly embrace the reforms necessary to bring about lasting change.