article: A teacher who told parents and colleagues he was changing sex and coming back to school as a woman has been found dead at home. Lucy Meadows, 32, a Year Six teacher at St Mary Magdalen's Church of England Primary School, in Accrington, Lancashire, had changed her name from Nathan Upton after deciding to undergo gender reassignment surgery. Last December, a newsletter was sent out by the school saying Mr Upton should be addressed as Miss Meadows when classes returned following the Christmas holidays. Each class at the 169-pupil school - whose motto is 'Reaching our potential together in Christ' - was spoken to about the the schoolmaster's sex change. Lucy Meadows, a teacher at St Mary Magdalen's Church of England Primary School (above), in Accrington, Lancs, has been found dead at home. Born Nathan Upton, he became Lucy Meadows . This week, police went to the teacher's home in Accrington and found her body inside. The cause of death is not known but officers confirmed there were no suspicious circumstances. The matter has been referred to the coroner. News of the tragedy was broken today by the school's headteacher Karen Hardman, who posted a message on the school's website saying: 'It is with great sadness that I have to inform you of the death of Miss Lucy Meadows. 'Our staff will be working closely with bereavement teams and are here to offer the children and yourselves any support in any way we can.' Lancashire Police said: 'At 4.45pm on Tuesday, March 19, police were called by the ambulance service to a report of a sudden death at an address in Accrington. 'On arrival, they found the body of a 32-year-old woman. There are no suspicious circumstances and a file will be prepared and passed to the coroner.' The newsletter which was hand-delivered to parents, said: 'Mr Upton has made a significant change in his life and will be transitioning to live as a woman after the Christmas break. She will return to work as Miss Meadows.' It said the school was fully supporting him throughout his 'transition' and added: 'We are proud of our commitment to equality and diversity among our staff and children.' Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
highlights: Nathan Upton taught at . St Mary Magdalen's Church of England Primary School, in Accrington, . Lancs . He switched his name to Miss Lucy Meadows after beginning the process of gender reassignment .
id: 6a2014d2b06e7ccd3ad50a5c922578b928141e5d
chatgpt: Former teacher, Nathan Upton, who taught at the St Mary Magdalen’s Church of England Primary School in Accrington, Lancashire, has passed away after a long battle with depression. Nathan Upton made headlines back in 2012 when he transitioned from male to female and became known as Miss Lucy Meadows. The decision to transition came after years of struggling with gender dysphoria, and Miss Meadows took the brave step to change her name and appearance to reflect her true identity. However, her transition was met with hostility by some parts of the media, who sought to sensationalize her story and breach her privacy. Despite the media attention, Miss Meadows retained the support of her colleagues and the wider community at the St Mary Magdalen’s Church of England Primary School. She continued to work tirelessly to provide the very best education for her pupils, who remember her fondly as a kind and caring teacher. Unfortunately, the negative attention took its toll on Miss Meadows, who suffered from depression as a result. In a statement, her family cited the media intrusion as a contributing factor to her passing, and called for greater respect and privacy for transgender individuals. “It is with great sadness that we have to confirm that Lucy passed away on Tuesday 19th March,” the family said in a statement. “We ask that the media respect our privacy at this difficult time. We strongly believe that someone’s gender identity should not be a topic for public debate or sensationalized news coverage.” The St Mary Magdalen’s Church of England Primary School also released a statement expressing their sadness at the loss of their former colleague. “Lucy was a valued and popular member of our school community and we are deeply saddened by the news of her passing. She will be greatly missed by all who knew her.” Miss Meadows’ passing serves as a reminder of the need for greater understanding and support for transgender individuals, who still face discrimination and prejudice in many areas of society. Her legacy as a passionate teacher and advocate for gender identity will not be forgotten.