article: By . Hanna Flint . PUBLISHED: . 10:02 EST, 30 July 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 10:58 EST, 30 July 2013 . 14 days ago Liam Gallagher called Nicole Appleton to tell her he was accused of fathering a child with another woman. Since then, the 40-year old rocker has 'not bothered to call' his wife, says her mother Mary. Speaking to Grazia magazine, the 72-year old said: 'He phoned her the day before it came out and he hasn't been in touch since.' No communication: Liam Gallagher has reportedly not spoken to his wife since he informed of the love-child allegations two weeks ago . Shocked: Mary Appleton - here with Nicole's father and her husband Kenneth - believes Liam is acting totally out of character . 'She can't get hold of him,' Mary told the weekly magazine. 'She's absolutely devastated. This is so out of character for the Liam I know.' The Beady Eye frontman is said to have denied fathering the seven-month old daughter of Showbiz journalist Liza Ghorbani, who is suing him for £2 million in child support. But the cheating scandal has left Nicole feeling betrayed and confused by Liam's behaviour, as she continues her holiday in Florida with her sisters Natalie, Lori, Lee, her son Gene, 12, and his 13-year old child Lennon from his marriage to Patsy Kensit. Lonely? Nicole and her sisters have extended their family holiday in Florida, leaving Liam in the company of his mother and brother Paul . Over? Nicole wasn't wearing her ring like Liam, but his dad thinks they'll reunite . Welcome break: The former All Saint star has been getting through this tough time with her family and son Gene around her . The other woman: Liza Ghorbani is suing Liam for £2 million in child support for their alleged daughter Gemma . 'Her sisters are supportive but she is in a terrible state,' said Mary. 'It feels like he's been living a double life.' But the All Saint star's mother doesn't think Liza is the only woman Liam has been unfaithful with. Only a few days after the scandal broke, Gallagher was seen laughing and joking beside a pool with his bikini-clad personal assistant Debbie Gwyther. Mary said that Nicole has had it confirmed that the two are together, and therefor has no intention of reconciling with his wife of five years. But Gallagher's management has allegedly dismissed Gwyther, 31, because of their relationship becoming 'too close.' Debbie subsequently deleted her Twitter account following the publication of the pictures of her with Liam in Ibiza. But despite the drama of the situation, Mary would support Nicole's decision to take him back, but at the moment that is the last thing on her daughter's mind. The British rocker's lawyers are currently pursuing legal action against the New York Post for naming him in the article that exposed the love-child scandal. Mail Online have contacted all parties for comment. The other, other woman: PA Debbie Gwyther has reportedly been fired by Liam's management for getting 'too close' to the rocker .
highlights: He called Nicole the day before the allegations were published in The New York Post . Mary says that her daughter feels her husband has been 'living a double life' Her mother also believes he is having an affair with his PA Debbie Gwyther .
id: ef9c397f25e6a2ee20adecf5f22a629de724be2d
chatgpt: In the latest development of the ongoing Liam Gallagher and Nicole Appleton saga, Mary, Nicole's mother, has come forward with some startling allegations about the former Oasis frontman. According to Mary, her daughter had been feeling uneasy about her husband's persona for some time now and was looking to confront him about his behavior. As it turns out, Nicole's suspicions may have been entirely justified. Mary goes on to claim that Liam had been "living a double life," and that her daughter had been secretly worried about his indiscretions long before they became public knowledge. The allegations in question were first published in The New York Post back in 2018, revealing that Liam had fathered a child with a woman called Liza Ghorbani while he was still married to Nicole. It all began when Liam called Nicole the day before the allegations were published, stirring up a whirlwind of emotions and tensions. Mary says that her daughter was already feeling drained and on edge, with Liam's increasingly erratic behavior causing her a great deal of stress and anxiety. "This was like the final straw," Mary explains. "She just couldn't take it anymore." Adding fuel to the fire, Mary also believes that Liam may be having an affair with his PA, Debbie Gwyther, citing the fact that they were seen holding hands just last week. While it's impossible to know for sure what's going on behind closed doors, the rumors about Liam's infidelity have been circulating for some time now. Despite their troubled relationship, Mary insists that Nicole is putting up a brave front and doing her best to stay positive. "It's not easy, but she's a strong woman," Mary says. "She's been through a lot in her life, and she knows how to handle herself." Of course, this is far from the first time that Liam has found himself at the center of a scandal. Over the years, he has made headlines for everything from his messy divorce to his ongoing feud with his brother, Noel. However, this latest drama may be the most damaging of them all, with Liam's reputation taking a serious hit in the wake of the cheating allegations. Needless to say, this story is still developing, and there are likely to be many more twists and turns before it's all said and done. For now, though, it seems as though the situation is only getting more complicated, with Mary's revelations shining a spotlight on some previously unknown aspects of Liam and Nicole's marriage. Whatever happens next, it's clear that this is a story that will continue to captivate the public's attention for some time to come.