article: Manchester City face the ignominy of being relegated to a third-placed Champions League seeding for next season’s competition if they don’t beat Bayern Munich at home on Tuesday night. Manuel Pellegrini’s side need victory over the German champions at the Etihad to have any hope at all of qualifying for the next stage of the tournament after losing two games and drawing two so far. However, City also need to make sure that if they don’t qualify then they at least finish third in the group and go in to the Europa League. If they were to finish bottom, they will be in grave danger of seeing their coefficient dropping so low that they would go back to being a third seed in next summer’s draw. VIDEO Scroll down to see Bayern destroy Hoffenheim  in the Bundesliga last weekend . Sergio Aguero and David Silva pictured during training ahead of Tuesday night's Champions League game . Manuel Pellegrini's Manchester City side have not won a Champions League match this season . The Premier League champions have endured a stuttering start to the 2014-15 season . It was as third seeds that City were drawn in such impossible groups in their first two years in the Champions League. This time they were a second seed and that saw them handed a group that should – in theory at least – have been a little easier. Failure to beat Roma at home and just one point from six against CSKA Moscow, however, has left Pellegrini’s team in dire straits ahead of their game against Pep Guardiola’s outfit. It is expected that UEFA will change the seeding system a little for next year’s competition, with the winners of the Champions League and also the winners of each of Europe’s top seven leagues automatically receiving top seed status. City, though, would need to overhaul Chelsea and win the Barclays Premier League for that to be relevant. Yaya Toure and former Bayern Munich man Martin Demichelis (left) share a joke during training . City were beaten 1-0 when they last played Bayern Munich - former player Jerome Boateng scored the winner . The Bundesliga champions train in Manchester ahead of their clash at the Etihad Stadium .
highlights: Manchester City haven't won a Champions League game in 2014-15 . Manuel Pellegrini's side are in danger of dropping down a seeding . City face Bundesliga giants Bayern Munich on Tuesday night .
id: a235341f0c5f34bdd4627fad051661439f192489
chatgpt: Manchester City will be facing off against Bayern Munich on Tuesday night in a crucial Champions League match at the Etihad Stadium. However, the English Premier League side is under mounting pressure and danger of dropping down the seeding after they failed to win a single game in the competition in the 2014-15 season. Despite seemingly having a balanced squad and a highly-regarded coach in Manuel Pellegrini, Manchester City just couldn't put together the results required to make an impact in Europe's elite club competition. This became most evident in the year 2014-15 when City failed to win even a single game and were subsequently eliminated from the competition. Part of the problem was the lack of cohesion in City's team at the time. They struggled to find the right balance between defense and attack, and also failed to maintain their focus in crucial stages of the game. Additionally, they struggled to recover from setbacks, as evidenced by their lack of fight in the second leg against Barcelona. This time around, Manchester City will be hoping to turn the tables and put in a strong performance when they take on Bayern Munich. The German giants have been one of the most consistent performers in the Champions League in recent years, and City will be hoping to cause an upset by securing all three points from the game. The match will be an interesting contest between two teams that have been tipped to do well in the competition this season. Bayern Munich has a good record against English clubs and will be hoping to maintain their impressive form in the competition so far. Manchester City, on the other hand, will be hoping to get their campaign back on track by securing a much-needed victory. It's a must-win game for Manchester City, who are in danger of dropping down the seeding if they continue to struggle in the Champions League. With a difficult group, City will need to put in some solid performances to progress to the knockout stages of the competition, and it all starts with Tuesday's match against Bayern Munich. In conclusion, Manchester City will be in search of their first Champions League win against Bayern Munich since their defeat to them in the 2013-14 edition of the tournament. However, they will have to overcome a Bayern team that has been performing well this season if they are to secure all three points and get their European campaign back on track.