article: By . Louise Cheer . A video of two unsuspecting fast food employees who were the victims of a practical joke pulled by an Australian YouTuber has gone viral. So far the clip - which lasts for almost four minutes - of Tyson Williams performing the prank call has attracted more than 160,000 views. It involves Williams putting two Domino's Pizza employees on the phone to each other using the 'merge calls' function on his mobile phone. Scroll down for video . A video of a Brisbane man pranking two Domino's Pizza employees has gone viral . In the footage, the Brisbane man dials the number of Domino's Pizza in Forest Lake - south of the Queensland capital - on his iPhone. A pizza chain employee named 'Ron' greets him and prepares to take his pick-up order. Williams - whose friend is having trouble keeping his amused laughter at bay off-camera - orders two deep pan pepperoni pizzas, two thin 'n' crispy Hawaiian pizzas, two cheesy breads and a 1.25-litre bottle of coke under the name of 'Rogan'. At one point, it looks like Williams is about to break his facade and lose his composure, but he keeps it together and tells Ron to hold on - saying he has to ask his friend what dessert he wants to order. While Ron is on hold, Williams then dials the number of the Acacia Ridge branch - also in Brisbane's south - of Domino's Pizza. Tyson Williams posted the video on YouTube and so far it has had more than 160,000 views . Two employees - one from the Acacia Ridge store (pictured) and one from the Forest Lake store - were victims of the prank . A 'Rhiannon' answers the phone and asks him: 'Would you like pick-up or delivery?' Williams tells her to hold and proceeds to take Ron off hold, and asks him to read the order back - but not before Williams merges the calls so Rhiannon thinks Ron is the one placing the order. What ensues is a lot of confusion on the part of both employees who don't realise that neither is placing an order, but trying to take an order. This is where Williams and his friend really start to get a kick out of the prank - trying to stifle their laughter. In the footage, Williams and his friend cannot contain their delight at the prank . After the prank, Williams and his friend burst out laughing, and jump up and down with joy . After about two minutes, the employees finally figure out what is going on. 'So you haven't called me?' Rhiannon said. Ron confirmed that he didn't and then added: 'Sounds like someone is stuffing us around.' The video ends with the employees hanging up, and Williams and his friend finally being able to laugh out loud freely.
highlights: Brisbane's Tyson Williams has uploaded a four-minute video on YouTube . The video showing the prank has so far attracted more than 120,000 hits . Williams calls the Forest Lake store and then the Acacia Ridge store . He uses the 'merge calls' function on his iPhone to orchestrate the trick . This meant when one of them read back the order it sounded like they were placing an order . It took the employees about two minutes to figure out what was happening .
id: c082856aa8a43e66102f868f61de06eff0edfd58
chatgpt: A Brisbane man has caused quite a stir on social media after uploading a video of a prank he played on two McDonald’s stores in the city’s south. Tyson Williams, from Forest Lake, uploaded the four-minute video to YouTube on Monday and it has already attracted more than 120,000 hits. In the video, Williams calls the Forest Lake store and then the Acacia Ridge store, using the ‘merge calls’ function on his iPhone to orchestrate the prank. As he orders a meal from one store, he has employees from the other store on the line too. This meant when one of them read back the order it sounded like they were placing an order. It took the employees about two minutes to figure out what was happening, with one staff member asking "Is this a prank call?" Williams told the ABC that he has played the “stunt” on his friends before, and wanted to see what would happen if he did it to a fast food restaurant. "I thought, 'Why not push it to the limit and take it to a McDonald's,'" he said. "Their reaction was priceless. I wasn't expecting them to take as long as they did [to work it out]." Despite the video receiving criticism from some social media users, others have found it hilarious. "I'm in stitches, don't think I've laughed so much in ages," one person commented. Another person posted: "This is gold! The face of the woman at 3:14 was worth it alone." However, not everyone is amused. The prank has been criticised for wasting the time of McDonald’s employees and holding up the drive-thru line. A McDonald’s spokesperson told the ABC that the company does not condone such behaviour. "Whilst we cannot comment on the actions of the individuals involved, we can confirm that we do not condone prank calls or any behaviour that takes away from providing our customers a positive experience," the spokesperson said. This isn’t the first time Aussie pranksters have caused chaos at fast food joints. In 2017, the YouTube channel, Jalals, hit the headlines when they staged a fake bomb prank at a McDonald's in Melbourne. The video was met with outrage, with many people calling it “insensitive” and “disrespectful” to those affected by terrorism. While prank videos may receive a lot of views on social media, it’s important to remember that they often involve people who are just trying to do their job. It may be funny to watch from a distance, but the pranksters could face serious consequences if caught.