article: The creator of Teletubbies has warned that home-grown children’s television programming is in terminal decline. Anne Wood said the industry has been ‘struggling for many, many years’ despite more channels being launched. Since Teletubbies was first broadcast 18 years ago, the amount of new children’s programmes has dropped dramatically. In 1998, repeats made up  38 per cent of children’s programmes – by 2011, the figure was 91 per cent, according to Ofcom. Anne Wood, creator of the Teletubbies, pictured, who says home-grown children's TV programmes are in terminal decline . Pact, the industry body for independent TV producers, recently called for a tax break for children’s programmes to boost British commissions. Blaming budget cutbacks, Miss Wood told BBC Radio 4 that one of the reasons for fewer programmes was because ‘the number of people who commission have disappeared’. It comes after the head of TV regulator Ofcom said earlier this month that children’s TV is ‘not as good as it would ideally be’. Some argue that the ban on junk food advertising has decreased the revenue available to commercial broadcasters - but the BBC is also forecast to cut its spending. Chief executive John McKay said: ‘Our children’s television production is respected worldwide and we hope that ministers will agree that this is a special part of cultural heritage that is worth government’s support.’ Since Teletubbies was first broadcast 18 years ago, the amount of new children's programmes has dropped dramatically . Pact says a tax relief scheme would boost co-production opportunities, particularly with the US market, and would improve exports of home-grown shows. The body claims that only one in five of all children’s programmes aired on British TV is made in the UK. But Miss Wood said tax breaks are only part of the solution and called for a fundamental re-examination of the market. She said: ‘The health of the sector requires there to be more places where you can be properly commissioned - so if one channel doesn’t take your work, you have at least got somewhere else to go with it because children are not getting diversity’.
highlights: Anne Wood warns home-grown children's show are in terminal decline . Says the industry has been struggling for 'many, many years' Teletubbies creator blames budget cutbacks for fewer programmes .
id: b37c851e96a5732d2b908006825ef186c21cfe15
chatgpt: Anne Wood, the creator of the popular British children’s television program Teletubbies, has warned that the industry of home-grown children’s shows is experiencing a terminal decline. Speaking at an event in London, Ms. Wood noted that the industry has been struggling for “many, many years” and the situation has only become worse due to budget cutbacks. Ms. Wood stated that she is concerned about the lack of new programming being produced for children. She cited shows like Teletubbies as examples of programs that would not be produced today due to budget constraints. She pointed out that when she created Teletubbies, it was done without a large budget and was able to succeed due to the creativity and talent of the show’s creators. Ms. Wood’s comments come as a warning to the children’s television industry in the UK, which has struggled to produce new shows in recent years. Many producers have been forced to rely on imports from other countries or adaptations of international programs due to budget constraints. In addition to budget constraints, Ms. Wood suggested that a lack of support from broadcasters has also contributed to the decline of the industry. She believes that broadcasters are not willing to take risks with new programming and are more focused on profitability than creativity. She stated that the industry needs support from broadcasters in order to be able to produce high-quality programming that is both creative and engaging for young audiences. Despite the challenges facing the industry, Ms. Wood remains optimistic about its future. She believes that there is still a strong appetite for quality children’s programming in the UK and that there are talented writers and producers who can create new programs that will captivate young audiences. She called on broadcasters and policymakers to provide the support needed to help revive the industry and ensure that children are exposed to high-quality programming that will educate and entertain them. The decline of the UK’s home-grown children’s show industry has been a concern for many years, and Ms. Wood’s warning serves as a reminder that urgent action is needed. While budget cutbacks and a lack of support from broadcasters have been significant obstacles, there is still hope for the future of the industry. With the right support and creativity, it is possible to create home-grown programming that is both engaging and educational for young audiences.