article: By . David Kent . Samir Nasri's summer of fun with girlfriend Anara Atanes is coming to an end, as the start of the Premier League season draws closer and closer. Fresh from flying back into the country from Los Angeles on Tuesday, the couple posted an Instagram pic of the two of them fresh from a workout session at the gym. Pre-season training has well and truly begun. The 27-year-old playmaker was left out of Didier Deschamps' France squad and it should be City that reap the rewards with Nasri at his freshest ahead of what is likely to be another tough campaign battling on four fronts at home and in Europe. Trainers: Samir Nasri with girlfriend Anara Atanes after a gym session . Jetting in: Nasri flew into Heathrow on Tuesday from Los Angeles after spending his summer break in the US . This is the end: Nasri enjoys the last of his summer break before returning for pre season training with City . The midfielder's girlfriend posted a number of pictures of the pair while they were on holiday, and has continued the trend with this post from back home. Manuel Pellegrini will surely be delighted at the prospect of having one of last season's City stars getting himself back into top shape after a strenuous summer for most of his squad out in Brazil. Nasri is expected to return to training on Monday alongside City's other holidaying stars including Stevan Jovetic and Alvaro Negredo. VIDEO Nasri close to contract extension . Happy days: Nasri and Atanes pose for a photo during their summer break together . Delighted: Atanes and Nasri pose with the Premier League title after City's win against West Ham .
highlights: Couple post Instagram snap of them just after a gym session . Nasri flew from Los Angeles to Heathrow on Tuesday and will report for training with Manuel Pellegrini's squad on Monday . His girlfriend posted a series of snaps of herself with Nasri during their stress-free summer break . Frenchman had the summer off after not being selected for the World Cup .
id: 3d1bf66cb316c701657dd9603634ef3c6c811cb8
chatgpt: French midfielder Samir Nasri has arrived in London to join West Ham United for pre-season training. The former Arsenal and Manchester City player was spotted in Los Angeles just days ago, but has quickly made his way across the pond to begin preparations for the upcoming season. Nasri will be training under the leadership of Manuel Pellegrini, who managed him during his time at Manchester City. Nasri's girlfriend, British model Sharina Gutierrez, has been showing off her summer holiday on Instagram, posting a series of snaps of their stress-free break. One particular photo caught the attention of fans, as it featured Nasri and Gutierrez just after a gym session. The couple looked happy and healthy, with Nasri's chiselled abs on full display. Nasri had a relaxed summer break after not being selected for the French national team's World Cup squad. The midfielder was once a regular member of Les Bleus, but has not been called up since 2016. His exclusion from the World Cup squad did not seem to bother Nasri, who instead enjoyed a well-deserved break with his girlfriend. West Ham are hoping that Nasri will be able to provide some much-needed creativity to their midfield. The Hammers struggled in the middle of the park last season, and will be looking for Nasri to help unlock defences and create chances for their attacking players. Pellegrini has a reputation for getting the best out of Nasri, having guided the midfielder to some of his best performances during their time at Manchester City. Nasri will be hoping to establish himself as a key player for West Ham over the coming season. The midfielder has had a somewhat turbulent career, but he will be looking to put his past behind him and make a fresh start with the Hammers. If he can recapture the form that made him one of the best midfielders in the Premier League, West Ham will have a real gem on their hands.