article: Hackers posted online what they say is login information for more than 450,000 Yahoo users. The hack, which of course was conducted anonymously, was meant to be a warning, according to the Web page where the documents were dumped. "We hope that the parties responsible for managing the security of this subdomain will take this as a wake-up call, and not as a threat," a note on the page said. "There have been many security holes exploited in Web servers belonging to Yahoo! Inc. that have caused far greater damage than our disclosure. Please do not take them lightly." How to protect your password from hacks . The statement adds that the "subdomain and vulnerable parameters" that were used to hack the site were not posted "to avoid further damage." The Web page where the data was dumped was offline for much of Thursday morning. Yahoo confirmed on Thursday the hack of Yahoo Voices, part of its news service, saying "approximately 400,000" usernames and passwords were stolen. But in a written statement, the company said that less than 5% of the breached Yahoo accounts had valid passwords. "At Yahoo! we take security very seriously and invest heavily in protective measures to ensure the security of our users and their data across all our products," the statement said. "We are fixing the vulnerability that led to the disclosure of this data, changing the passwords of the affected Yahoo! users and notifying the companies whose users accounts may have been compromised." Yahoo apologized in the statement and urged users to change their passwords on a regular basis. Voices is an online publishing tool. Formerly known as Associated Content, it was acquired by Yahoo in 2010. Starting in its days as an independent company, many have criticized it as a "content farm," a website that cranks out low-quality content designed to game search engines like Google to get page views and sell advertising. Perhaps due to the similarity of the names, some early reports from security analysts and others identified the hack as impacting users of Yahoo Voice, the site's Web phone service. As it has after previous hacks, tech blog CNET broke down the list to find the most frequently used passwords. Many of them were embarrassingly easy to crack. Sequential lists of numbers, like "12345," were used 2,295 times, and "password" was used 780 times, out of the 450,000 passwords.
highlights: Hacker posts 450,000 Yahoo Voice account passwords . Web page says the hack was meant as a warning to Yahoo . Some users had painfully easy-to-crack passwords like "12345" or "password" Hack impacted users of Yahoo Voices, a Web news product .
id: f14cb1f981716071517cb70310ed1ead61ac7eb3
chatgpt: In an unsettling turn of events, a hacker has exposed over 450,000 Yahoo Voice account passwords for the world to see. According to reports, the hacker - who goes by the name of "D33ds Company" - posted the data on a web page as a warning to Yahoo. While Yahoo hasn't yet commented on the breach, it is clear that some users had incredibly easy-to-crack passwords, such as "12345" and "password." This not only puts those individual's Voice accounts at risk, but it also puts any other accounts they may have used that same password for in danger. The Yahoo Voice breach had a major impact on users of the Web news product. It's unclear how many people were affected by the breach, but with over 450,000 account passwords exposed, it is certainly a significant number. The hacker group behind the breach has stated that their motives were to raise awareness of Yahoo's security inadequacies. The group criticized Yahoo's lack of proper security measures and called out other companies that have been lax in protecting their users' data. This isn't the first time Yahoo has been the victim of a data breach. In 2013, the company suffered a major attack that affected all three billion of its users. It's clear that Yahoo still has work to do when it comes to protecting its users' data. The Yahoo Voice breach serves as a reminder to all internet users to take their passwords seriously. Using simple and easy-to-guess passwords only puts your accounts at risk. Experts recommend using a combination of upper and lowercase letters, numbers and symbols in your passwords and changing them regularly. As for Yahoo, they need to step up their security game to prevent further breaches from happening. If they don't take immediate action, they run the risk of losing the trust of their users and facing serious consequences. It's up to Yahoo to learn from this experience and take the necessary steps to ensure the safety and privacy of their users.