article: Jack Wilshere is not a holding midfielder or a No 10, according to legendary Arsenal midfielder Liam Brady. Instead, Brady wants to see the England star shuttling between the two positions as a traditional midfield player. Wilshere starred in a holding role for England in European Championship qualifying wins over San Marino and Estonia. Wilshere has shone for his country in recent games playing as a defensive playmaking midfielder . Liam Brady (left), in action for Arsenal back in 1979, is against Wilshere's deep-lying role for England . Arsenal career: 1971-1980 . Position: Attacking midfielder . Appearances: 307 (295 starts, 12 as a sub) Goals: 59 . Arsenal academy director: 1996 - 2014 . But Brady, who continued his association with the Gunners into an academy director role until May this year, wants to see more of Wilshere around the penalty area. 'I don't like Jack playing in the holding role,' Brady told talkSPORT. 'He's a much more valuable player when he's up around the box. 'I don't like him as a number ten, he's a midfield player you want to encourage to get forward where he can beat players with his dribbling.' Former Manchester United midfielder Paul Scholes holds a different view to Brady. Speaking in his column for the Independent, Scholes hailed Wilshere as the best performing England player at present and believes the Gunner is flourishing in his deep-lying role for Roy Hodgson's men. 'I thought Jack Wilshere had two very good games for England during the last week,' Scholes said. 'I would go one step further than that and say that, at the moment, Wilshere is England’s best player. 'The penny has dropped and he has added another dimension to his game. He has always been capable of that intricate passing game. Now he can play the ball long, too. 'The quality of some of those passes into Wayne Rooney in Estonia was very high. Arsenal stalwart Brady spent almost two decades as the north London club's academy director . Wilshere has shaken off his injury problems to star for club, above, and country this season .
highlights: Former Arsenal legend Liam Brady wants to see Jack Wilshere in a more traditional midfield position for Roy Hodgson's side . Gunners star needs to get forward and attack, says Brady . Wilshere starred in deep role for England in recent victories over San Marino and Estonia .
id: 7dfc086e3e45f294c00c9e23527e2e998c2eb464
chatgpt: Former Arsenal legend Liam Brady has given his opinion on the current state of the England national team and how he thinks they should utilize star midfielder Jack Wilshere. In his recent remarks, Brady stressed the need for Wilshere to play in a more traditional midfield role, one that allows him to get forward and attack. Wilshere has enjoyed a solid start to the season with Arsenal, despite struggling in the early stages of the new campaign. The midfielder has been a mainstay in their recent successes, and his performances have led to calls for him to play a more prominent role in the England team. In recent England fixtures, Wilshere has been deployed in a deeper position, where his ability to keep possession and dictate the tempo of the game has been on display. However, Brady believes that Wilshere would be better served playing in a more attacking role in midfield. "What Jack needs is to get more into the final third of the field," said Brady. "He needs to be more box-to-box, in the position he used to play for Arsenal, where he is more involved in attacking play." Brady has a point – Wilshere thrived in an attacking role for Arsenal earlier in his career, and it is clear that he has the ability to make a difference in that position. The Gunners' playmaker was instrumental in their 2-0 victory over Manchester United at the weekend, picking up an assist for their first goal and shining throughout the match. Wilshere's performances in the England team have also been impressive, particularly in the recent victories over San Marino and Estonia. The midfielder was involved in the build-up to England's opening goal against San Marino, and he played a key role in their unbeaten run during the recent international break. Given Wilshere's recent form, it is easy to see why Brady would like to see him utilized more effectively by England manager Roy Hodgson. The midfielder has the potential to make a significant impact in a more advanced role, and Hodgson would do well to consider giving him that opportunity. Whether Wilshere is given that chance remains to be seen, but one thing is clear – the midfielder is in fine form at the moment and is likely to play a key role for both Arsenal and England in the coming weeks and months.