article: (EW.com) -- Brad Pitt is set to join the cast of the West Coast premiere reading of 8, the play penned by Academy Award-winning screenwriter Dustin Lance Black (Milk) that follows the legal fight to overturn Proposition 8, the California law that outlawed gay marriage. Pitt will play United States District Chief Judge Vaughn R. Walker, who found Prop 8 unconstitutional after presiding over the 12-day public trial. He joins a cast that includes George Clooney and Martin Sheen (as the plaintiff's lead co-counsel), Christine Lahti and Jamie Lee Curtis (as a lesbian couple), Matthew Morrison and Matt Bomer (as a gay couple), as well as Kevin Bacon, Jane Lynch, John C. Reilly, Campbell Brown, Chris Colfer, Jesse Tyler Ferguson, Cleve Jones, Rory O'Malley, George Takei, Yeardley Smith, Vanessa Garcia, Jansen Panatierre, James Pickens, Jr., and Bridger Zadina. The American Foundation for Equal Rights and Broadway Impact also announced that the performance will be streamed live on YouTube at 7:45 p.m. PT on Saturday, March 3, with a pre-show airing at 7:30. Director Rob Reiner recorded a video explaining the play and inviting people to watch the live stream, which can be viewed here. "At long last each and every American will be able to see for themselves what happens when prejudice and fear are put on trial in a court of law," said AFER board president Chad Griffin in a statement. "For over two years, the anti-marriage proponents of Proposition 8 have fought tooth and nail to hide their discriminatory arguments from the American people. But on Saturday night, thanks to YouTube and our incredible cast, people across the nation, from Los Angeles to Little Rock to Baltimore, will get to watch as our Constitution's promise of liberty and equality for all is protected." The show first premiered on Broadway in September (with cast members like Morgan Freeman, John Lithgow and Ellen Barkin) and is set to tour nationally throughout 2012, although the A-list stars attached to the West Coast reading are not expected to remain with the play. See the full article at EW.com.
highlights: Pitt will star alongside George Clooney and Martin Sheen . The performance will stream live on YouTube at 7:45 p.m. PT on Saturday, March 3 . The A-list stars attached to the West Coast reading are not expected to remain with the play .
id: f05b0629220f1c02c379ac334a80aff1d08dd4c6
chatgpt: Academy award-winner Brad Pitt has a new project in the works. The star is set to feature alongside George Clooney and Martin Sheen in a West Coast reading of a stage play titled "8". The play, penned by Academy award-winning writer Dustin Lance Black, details the trial over same-sex marriage in California. The reading is set to begin streaming live on YouTube at 7:45 p.m. PT on Saturday, March 3. Despite the star power attached to the West Coast reading, it has been reported that the A-list stars will not remain with the play beyond the initial reading. The play, which was originally staged in New York, has been performed by several well-known personalities in the past, including Morgan Freeman and Anthony Edwards. The play is not only entertaining but also addresses a relevant issue in today's world. "8" is a dramatization of the court case Perry v. Schwarzenegger, which battled for the marriage rights of same-sex couples in California. It aims to raise awareness of the challenges faced by LGBTQ communities and to help promote equal rights. The reading's director, Rob Reiner, who is also a board member of the American Foundation for Equal Rights, said that the show's message is particularly timely given the recent actions of the Trump administration in rolling back civil rights protections for LGBTQ communities. “We're doing it now because there is still much work to do," Reiner said. The play has been well-received and praised for its poignant portrayal of the struggle of individuals fighting for their right to love and be with the person they choose. It has been described as an emotional and moving experience that leaves the audience with a deeper understanding of the issues surrounding the issue of same-sex marriage. With the addition of Pitt, Clooney, and Sheen to the cast, the West Coast reading of "8" is sure to attract a significant amount of interest. Fans of the stars, as well as those looking to support the fight for equal rights, are urged to tune in to the live stream on the 3rd of March. In conclusion, the West Coast reading of "8" offers both entertainment and a call to action for viewers. The star-studded performance is set to be an unforgettable experience that stands to raise awareness of the challenges faced by LGBTQ communities and promote equal rights for all.