article: (CNN) -- The same George Zimmerman defense attorney who drew skepticism over his choice to tell a knock-knock joke during opening statements of his client's second-degree murder trial is again in an unflattering spotlight -- this time thanks to a family photo and social media. Friday, a photo posted on photo-sharing site Instagram from the account "mollywestttt" showed a picture of two girls and veteran criminal defense attorney Don West eating generously-sized ice cream cones. A comment below the photo from mollywestttt read: "We beat stupidity celebration cones," along with "#zimmerman," "#defense" and "#dadkilledit." Zimmerman defense team communications director Shawn Vincent confirmed the photo came from Don West's 23-year-old daughter, Molly, featured in the photo along with West and another of his four daughters. Vincent said it was a tradition in West's family to go out for ice cream together. After court let out this week, West and two of his daughters went to get ice cream and took a picture to commemorate it "like old times." As negative comments about the sensitivity of the photo picked up steam Friday, Molly West's account was deactivated later that day. In a statement, West said, "Sometimes we're deeply disappointed by the things our children do. But we love them anyway, and we move on." The photo appears to have been taken Tuesday, and posted sometime later that day or Wednesday. Vincent said he hasn't heard from Molly West on what she specifically meant by it. He acknowledges the photo reflects on the defense poorly. "It doesn't reflect how Don feels. And we're aware that the themes sure this case are very apparently race, self-defense and gun control and we're aware that none of those things or that debate is going to be resolved in this court room," Vincent said. "How we conduct ourselves as we move towards whatever the verdict is going to be, we know reflects on all those issues. This photo is completely contrary to what we've tried to more than a year on how to conduct ourselves." Zimmerman is on trial for the 2012 shooting of 17-year-old Trayvon Martin in a case that has drawn widespread attention. Zimmerman, then a neighborhood watch captain, is charged with second-degree murder in the shooting of Martin in Sanford, Florida. Zimmerman told police he followed the teenager because there had been some recent break-ins in the area. He says he was forced to shoot Martin during their confrontation in self-defense.
highlights: Zimmerman defense attorney Don West used a knock-kock joke in his opening statement . A photo posted by one of his daughters shows dad and daughters eating ice cream . A comment with the photo said "We beat stupidity celebration cones," and "#dadkilledit" West: "Sometimes we're deeply disappointed by the things our children do"
id: 6d24ac9a9d7e1ca2ba109a581556b34d56508760
chatgpt: In a high-profile case that has captivated the nation, the defense attorney for George Zimmerman made headlines for all the wrong reasons during his opening statement. Don West, who is representing Zimmerman in the shooting death of Trayvon Martin, attempted to lighten the mood by telling a knock-knock joke to the jury. "Knock-knock. Who's there? George Zimmerman. George Zimmerman who? Good, you're on the jury," West said, prompting groans and eye rolls from those in the courtroom. But the controversy didn't end there. One of West's daughters posted a photo on Instagram showing her dad and his daughters eating ice cream cones. The caption read, "We beat stupidity celebration cones," and "#dadkilledit." Many found the post to be in poor taste given the gravity of the case. West later released a statement in response to the backlash, saying, "As parents, sometimes we're deeply disappointed by the things our children do, despite our best efforts to teach them otherwise. This incident has been a learning experience for my family, and I hope others can learn from our mistakes as well." The incident has raised questions about the use of humor in the courtroom and the role of social media in high-profile cases. Some legal experts argue that humor can be an effective way to engage jurors, while others say it can backfire and create a negative impression.  "Opening statements are an opportunity to make a favorable impression on the jury, and humor can be a powerful tool when used appropriately," said Karen H. Kaplowitz, a trial consultant and founder of the New York-based firm The New Ellis Group. "But it's important to remember that what works in one case may not work in another, and attorneys need to be careful not to cross the line into offensiveness." The use of social media by attorneys and their families has also come under scrutiny in recent years. Some jurisdictions have implemented new rules that limit the use of social media during trials, while others have banned it altogether. The Zimmerman trial has been closely watched by the public, with many calling for justice for Trayvon Martin, a 17-year-old African-American who was shot and killed by Zimmerman, a neighborhood watch volunteer, in February 2012. Zimmerman claims that he acted in self-defense and was acquitted of second-degree murder and manslaughter charges in 2013. As the trial continues, it remains to be seen how the use of humor and social media will impact the outcome. But one thing is certain: the stakes are too high for those involved to take any chances.