article: ROME, Italy (CNN) -- An Italian newspaper and magazine published excerpts of what they said were audio recordings of Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi talking with an escort at the center of a corruption probe. Veronica Lario, the wife of Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi, pictured, filed for divorce in May. The daily La Repubblica and its sister magazine L'Espresso said the recordings posted on their Web sites Monday were of Berlusconi and Patrizia D'Addario. She has said that an Italian businessman hired her and other women to attend parties at Berlusconi's homes. In June, D'Addario told CNN that she had turned the tapes over to a prosecutor in Bari, southern Italy. Through her attorney, she refused to comment on the authenticity of the excerpts released Monday. But in a statement carried by the Italian news agency ANSA, Berlusconi lawyer Niccolo Ghedini said the prime minister is challenging the "truthfulness and legality" of the recordings. "We can only regard the material as worthless, completely false and the result of invention," Ghedini said. "In any case, the act of its publication is an illegal act in itself, which will need to be pursued, and all legal actions will be taken against any body who publishes such material." Berlusconi, the 72-year-old media mogul-turned-prime minister, has denied the allegations. According to La Repubblica, the conversation between D'Addario and Berlusconi took place in October and November at the prime minister's house in Rome. It also published an excerpt of what it said was a conversation between D'Addario and Gianpaulo Tarantini, the businessman accused of hiring D'Addario and other escorts. Prosecutors in Bari, in southern Italy, are investigating allegations that Tarantini bribed health officials to buy prosthetics and other medical supplies from a company he and his brother own. Tarantini has denied any wrongdoing and says he brought women to the parties to make a "beautiful impression." "I have never paid money to those who accompanied me except for refunding their trip expenses," he said in a statement issued last month. "I exclude that the premier could have been aware of these reimbursements and I want to ask forgiveness for having involuntarily damaged him." Berlusconi's private life has been in the spotlight since his wife of 19 years, Veronica Lario, filed for divorce in May. The split followed reports that Berlusconi went to the birthday party in Naples of an 18-year-old girl, with whom Berlusconi has denied having an inappropriate relationship. And the Spanish newspaper El Pais has published what it said were photos of racy parties at Berlusconi's villa on the island of Sardinia, including one picture that showed scantily clad women. But despite the swirl of scandal, Berlusconi remains popular, consistently scoring approval ratings well over 50 percent. CNN's Hada Messia contributed to this report.
highlights: D'Addario refuses to comment on authenticity of excerpts released Thursday . Berlusconi attorney calls act of publication "an illegal act" La Repubblica: Conversation between D'Addario, Berlusconi took place at his home . La Repubblica publishes alleged conversation between D'Addario, businessman .
id: 4eda00e304ec2c4271e59ab5ea9030f178c565d5
chatgpt: Italian businessman and politician Silvio Berlusconi is embroiled in controversy once again after excerpts from an alleged conversation between him and escort Patrizia D'Addario were released on Thursday. D'Addario refused to comment on the authenticity of the excerpts, while Berlusconi's attorney called the act of publication "an illegal act." The conversation allegedly took place at Berlusconi's home, according to Italian newspaper La Repubblica, which published the excerpts. In the conversation, D'Addario is said to have discussed her line of work with Berlusconi, who was then Italy's prime minister. The excerpts also allegedly include references to other businessmen and political figures, raising concerns about the extent of Berlusconi's alleged influence over Italian politics and society. Berlusconi has faced numerous legal and political scandals over the years, including allegations of bribery, fraud, and tax evasion. He has also been accused of having sexual relations with underage prostitutes, although he has denied these accusations. In response to the publication of the D'Addario excerpts, Berlusconi's attorney issued a statement calling it "an illegal act" and arguing that the excerpts were taken out of context. The statement went on to suggest that the publication was part of a coordinated effort to damage Berlusconi's reputation. Berlusconi himself has not commented on the allegations. However, the controversy has once again raised questions about the role of personal relationships in Italian politics and the extent to which powerful individuals can influence political decisions. Critics of Berlusconi have long accused him of using his political power to further his own business interests and create a network of loyal supporters. This latest controversy only adds to these concerns. The release of the D'Addario excerpts also comes at a time of political instability in Italy, with the country facing mounting economic challenges and ongoing disagreements among its political leaders. The situation has prompted some observers to worry about the potential impact of the scandal on Italian politics and society. Some have suggested that the controversy could undermine public faith in the country's institutions and contribute to a further erosion of democratic norms. Others, however, have argued that the release of the excerpts is a necessary step towards greater transparency and accountability in Italian politics. They argue that the allegations against Berlusconi and other powerful figures must be thoroughly investigated in order to ensure that those in positions of authority are held to account. Whatever the outcome of the controversy, it is clear that Berlusconi's legacy as a businessman and politician will continue to be a subject of debate and scrutiny in Italy and beyond. Whether he is remembered as a champion of free enterprise or a corrupt political operator will ultimately depend on the outcome of ongoing legal challenges and political battles.