article: Bayern Munich manager Pep Guardiola is hoping to lure  defender Raphael Varane away from  Real Madrid with the promise of first team football, according to Marca. The Spanish publication claim the former Barcelona boss is planning a bid for the 21-year-old, who is growing increasingly frustrated with his lack of first team action. The news comes as a blow to Jose Mourinho who reportedly sees the French international as the ideal long-term replacement for John Terry in the heart of the Chelsea defence. 'Guardiola toca a varane': The headline suggests that Bayern Munich could soon make a move for Varane . Varane, who wants more regular first team action, fights for header with Atletico striker Fernando Torres . Elsewhere in Spain, AS have led with Real Madrid ace Cristiano Ronaldo, who has been voted the most popular player in a poll by UEFA.com, attracting almost 600,000 votes. The Portuguese attacker may be all smiles, but the same can't be said for Barcelona ace Neymar who has had a pop after he was substituted during the game against Elche. Neymar was taken off in the 67th minute of the 5-0 cup win, despite scoring twice, and it appears the 22-year-old wasn't all that happy with the decision. Ronaldo may be all smiles after winning a poll, but Brazilian ace Neymar has hit out after being substituted . Ronaldo the best according to voters, but Neymar is unhappy after being substituted during win over Elche . In the Italian press, Corriere dello Sport claim AC Milan are interested in bringing international duo Axel Witsel and Mattia Destro to the club. The moves are reportedly a response by chairman Silvio Berlusconi to Inter Milan's signing of Xherdan Shaqiri and Lukas Podolski earlier this week. Podolski left Arsenal and could be joined in Italy by  Samuel Eto'o, who according to both Corriere dello Sport and La Gazetta dello Sport, is being tracked by Sampdoria. Tuttosport also go big on the Destro to Milan story, but there is bad news for Juventus as Galatasary midfielder Wesley Sneijder turns down Italian move in favour of Turkish stay. Corriere dello Sport and Tuttosport claim Milan are keen on bringing Destro to the San Siro this January . Everton striker Eto'o. who has scored four goal this season, could be set for a return to Italy with Sampdoria . Portuguese outlet Abola lead on Benfica's signing of Uruguayan international Jonathan Rodriguez after the striker signed from Penarol. The 21-year-old has scored one goal in four appearances for the national team and will add much needed firepower to Benfica, who sit top of the division, as they look to fend off the chasing pack. Portuguese table-toppers Benfica have snapped up Uruguay and Penarol striker Jonathan Rodriguez .
highlights: Spanish manager wants to lure the French defender to the Allianz Arena . News comes as a blow to Jose Mourinho who was keen on a reunion . Samuel Eto'o could be set for a return to Italy with Serie A side Sampdoria . Wesley Sneijder deals Juventus blow as he opts to stay at Galatasary .
id: 2a0ba636cb54c337b85c801004d2adc92c88dc04
chatgpt: In a surprising turn of events, a Spanish manager has expressed interest in acquiring the services of a French defender for the Allianz Arena. The news has come as a blow to Portuguese manager, Jose Mourinho, who was hoping for a reunion with the star player. Details have not been fully disclosed, but rumors suggest that the Spanish manager is willing to pay top dollar to land the French defender. This move is seen as a major power play and could lead to a shakeup in the top tiers of professional football. Meanwhile, in Italy, Samuel Eto'o is reportedly close to a return to his homeland with Serie A side, Sampdoria. The former Chelsea and Barcelona striker is a proven goal scorer and could be just what the Italian club needs to push for a top-four finish. Another high-profile player, Wesley Sneijder, has dealt a blow to Italian giants, Juventus. The Dutch midfielder has opted to stay with his current club, Galatasaray, despite interest from the Turin-based club. This latest development is sure to disappoint Juventus fans who were hoping that Sneijder would bring some much-needed creativity to their midfield. The 36-year-old midfielder still has plenty to offer, and his decision to stay in Turkey has surprised many in the footballing world. It remains to be seen whether the Spanish manager's pursuit of the French defender will be successful. If it is, it could signal a shift in power at the top of European football. The Allianz Arena is already home to some of the biggest names in the game, and the addition of the French defender would only add to this star-studded lineup. For Jose Mourinho, this news is undoubtedly disappointing. The Portuguese manager was hoping for a reunion with the French defender, and it remains to be seen how he will react to this latest development. Nevertheless, Mourinho is one of the most experienced and successful managers in the game, and he is sure to have a backup plan in place. As for Wesley Sneijder, he has made it clear that he is happy to stay with Galatasaray for the time being. The Dutch midfielder has been in fine form for the Turkish club, and his decision to stay comes as a huge boost to the team. In conclusion, the world of professional football is in a state of flux. Transfer rumors and speculation continue to swirl around some of the biggest names in the game, and it remains to be seen what the future holds. One thing is for sure, though, the Spanish manager's pursuit of the French defender is sure to make waves in the world of football.