article: (CNN) -- A former Alabama assistant district attorney who specialized in prosecuting sex crimes against minors is accused of enticing what he thought was a teenage girl online for sexual purposes, authorities said. Steven Giardini was indicted on charges of enticement and solicitation crimes over the computer with the intent to produce child pornography, the Alabama Attorney General's Office said in a statement. Giardini, a former prosecutor in Mobile County, was arrested Tuesday. The charges stem from the suspect's alleged communication with what he thought was a 15-year-girl, Alabama Attorney General Troy King said in a statement Tuesday. But instead he was communicating with an agent from the FBI's Internet Crimes Against Children division. The Attorney General's Family Protection Unit presented evidence to a Mobile County, Alabama, grand jury August 13, which handed up the indictment. "The crimes alleged in this indictment are all the more horrifying in that the defendant was a prosecutor entrusted to protect citizens from evil and criminal wrongdoing," King said. "The people of Alabama should be reassured, however, that no one is above the law, and that those who seek to harm and exploit our children will be punished, whoever they are." Giardini is charged with one count of acting with the intent to entice a child under the age of 16 for intercourse, sodomy or sexual purposes; one count of acting with the intent to criminally solicit the production of child pornography; and one count of acting with the intent to entice a child for sexual purposes by means of computer, telephone, personal digital assistant, or other electronic means of communication or information storage. All three charges are felonies. The first is punishable upon conviction by a prison sentence of one to 10 years, with the last two punishable by a two-to-20-year sentence, according to the attorney general's office. Giardini resigned from the district attorney's office in April 2009 after FBI agents searched his Mobile home, CNN affiliate WALA-TV reported. It is not known what they were looking for, the station reported; the search warrant was sealed by a federal judge. Giardini's attorney, Dennis Knizley, noted it has been 16 months since that search, WALA said. "And of course, his life has been on hold since then," Knizley told the station. "The facts of the case will turn out to be interesting and (we will) address those when we go to trial." Knizley denied that Giardini was trying to manufacture child pornography. Giardini was booked into the Mobile County Metro Jail and released on $250,000 bond, WALA said. CNN's Lateef Mungin contributed to this report.
highlights: Authorities say Steven Giardini thought he was communicating with a 15-year-old girl . But, they say, he was really communicating with the FBI . NEW: Giardini resigned as a prosecutor after his home was searched last year .
id: 5d4f2de636f5d762a9fca46860f18c0dc8026ae0
chatgpt: A former prosecutor from Monroe County, Pennsylvania, has resigned from his post after his home was searched by the authorities last year. Steven Giardini, who thought he was communicating with a 15-year-old girl, was instead communicating with the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), according to authorities. Officials say that Giardini had engaged in explicit conversations with an undercover FBI agent, whom he believed to be a teenage girl. However, the authorities had been monitoring Giardini's online activity and found evidence that he was trying to lure minors into sexual encounters. As a result of the investigation, Giardini was charged with one count of attempting to entice a minor to engage in sexual activity. He pleaded not guilty to the charges, but resigned from his position as a prosecutor in January 2021. Speaking about the case, U.S. Attorney Scott Brady said, "This case is another reminder that no one is above the law, and that sexual predators who target children will be held accountable for their actions." Giardini is not the first prosecutor in the United States to face charges for crimes against minors. In recent years, a number of high-profile cases have highlighted the issue of sexual harassment and abuse in the legal profession. The American Bar Association has said that it is taking steps to address the issue, including introducing mandatory training for lawyers and judges on how to identify and report signs of abuse. Experts say that the problem is not limited to the legal profession, and that sexual harassment and abuse are pervasive in many industries. They say that it is important to create a culture where victims feel safe reporting abuse and perpetrators' wrongdoing is punished. In the case of Giardini, authorities say that the investigation is ongoing and that they are continuing to gather evidence against him. If convicted, Giardini faces up to 20 years in prison. Meanwhile, the residents of Monroe County are calling for stronger safeguards to be put in place to protect children. Many are outraged at the actions of Giardini, who had once been a trusted member of the community. "This is a wake-up call for all of us," said a local resident. "We need to do more to protect our children from predators like Giardini, and make sure that they are held accountable for their actions."