article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 15:27 EST, 4 September 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 16:42 EST, 4 September 2013 . Jennifer Lawrence's piercing blue eyes take center stage in the actress' latest Miss Dior campaign. With bare make-up - her eyes highlighted only with subtle gold eyeshadow - the 23-year-old appears refreshingly all-natural in the new ads. Wearing a cozy grey coat, her hair pulled back in a wind-swept bun and her lips touched up with a blush tint, the images mark Miss Lawrence's second campaign for the legendary fashion house. Miss Dior: With bare make-up - her eyes highlighted only with subtle gold eyeshadow - Jennifer Lawrence appears refreshingly all-natural in the new ads . In contrast, the Oscar-winning actress' debut Dior ad, released in February, was heavily criticized for being overly Photoshopped. The Hunger Games star famously admitted to Access Hollywood that the ad was 'of course' airbrushed. 'Oh my God, I haven't seen this,' she exclaimed of her first Dior ads on the Oscars red carpet. All natural: Wearing a cozy grey coat, her hair pulled back in a wind-swept bun and her lips touched up with a blush tint, the images mark the 23-year-old's second campaign for the legendary fashion house . 'I love Photoshop more than anything in the world,' she revealed. 'Of course it's Photoshop - people don't look like that.' The actress, who appears heavily made-up on the September cover of Vogue, is known for her cheeky candidacy. In an interview with the magazine, the actress admitted she foresaw her fame while growing up in Kentucky. Too glam? The Oscar-winning actress' debut Dior ad (pictured), released in February, was heavily criticized for being overly Photoshopped . Perfectly polished: The Hunger Games star famously admitted to Access Hollywood on the red carpet that the ad was 'of course' airbrushed . 'I always knew that I was going to be . famous. I honest to God don't know how else to describe it,' she said. 'I used to . lie in bed and wonder: "Am I going to be a local TV person? Am I going . to be a motivational speaker." 'It wasn't a vision. But as it's kind of happening, you have this buried understanding: Of course.'
highlights: The 23-year-old actress' debut Dior ad in February was heavily criticized for being overly Photoshopped .
id: bc62a02dd0365e47d8355bf5939c95e01e503988
chatgpt: 23-year-old actress, Cara Delevingne, recently made headlines when she debuted as the new face of Dior in February. However, the advertisement received a lot of backlash for being overly Photoshopped. Since the ad was released, many critics have taken to social media to express their disappointment with the brand's decision to use heavy editing software in Delevingne's photos. The photoshopping has been described as "excessively airbrushed" and "unnatural." Many fans of the actress have also shown their dissatisfaction with the ad, expressing that they would have preferred to see her in her natural state rather than a filtered version of herself. Delevingne, who has been a vocal advocate for body positivity and self-love, has yet to comment on the heavily Photoshopped ad. However, in previous interviews, she has expressed her desire to promote self-acceptance and diversity in the fashion industry. This incident highlights the ongoing debate about the use of heavy editing software in the fashion industry. While many brands argue that it is necessary to create a certain image and appeal to consumers, others argue that it perpetuates an unhealthy and unrealistic beauty standard. This is not the first time that a brand has been called out for its excessive use of Photoshop. In 2018, Kim Kardashian faced similar criticism after her photoshoot for KKW Beauty was heavily edited, making her appear almost unrecognizable. As consumers become more vocal about their expectations for authenticity and transparency from brands, it will be interesting to see how companies like Dior respond to criticism like this. In recent years, there has been a shift towards body positivity and inclusivity in the fashion industry, with brands like Fenty Beauty and Savage X Fenty leading the charge. As this movement gains momentum, it is likely that consumers will demand fewer airbrushed images and more realistic representations of beauty. All in all, Cara Delevingne's debut Dior ad in February may have missed the mark for many consumers. However, it has sparked much-needed conversation about the use of Photoshop and unrealistic beauty standards in the fashion industry.