article: (CNN)Former rap mogul Marion "Suge" Knight was charged Monday with murder and other counts in a hit-and-run in Compton, California, last week, according to the Los Angeles County District Attorney's office. He is being held without bail and is expected to be arraigned on Tuesday. Knight, 49, faces up to life in prison if convicted in the fatal hit-and-run. He is accused of running over two men and killing one following an argument. The man who died has been identified as Terry Carter, 55. The second man's name is Cle Sloan, 51. Knight, who was out on bail in a separate robbery case, is charged with with one count of murder, one count of attempted murder, two counts of hit-and-run with an allegation that he committed a serious and violent felony while out on bail, the district attorney's office said in a statement. He has prior convictions, "making this a third strike case," it said. Knight turned himself in to Los Angeles Sheriff's Department investigators early Friday. CNN affiliate KCAL-TV and the Los Angeles Times quoted his attorney, James Blatt, as saying Knight feared for his life and was trying to flee when the incident happened. "We feel strongly Mr. Knight did not do anything wrong in this matter. He was attacked by a number of individuals; that has already been corroborated by certain witnesses. He left the scene because he was in fear for his safety and life," he said. Knight founded the wildly successful Death Row Records in 1991, signing artists such as Snoop Doggy Dogg (since then known as Snoop Dogg and Snoop Lion) and Tupac Shakur. Knight was driving the car in which Shakur was a passenger when the rapper was shot to death in Las Vegas in 1996. Shortly afterward, Knight spent several years in prison for violating parole on assault and weapons convictions. That prison time -- along with Shakur's death, feuds between Knight and a number of rappers and desertions by Dr. Dre, Snoop and others -- contributed to the label's bankruptcy in 2006. In August, Knight and two other people were shot while inside a celebrity-filled Sunset Strip party hosted by singer Chris Brown on the eve of the MTV Video Music Awards. CNN's Saeed Ahmed, Steve Almasy and Lisa Respers France contributed to this report.
highlights: Marion "Suge" Knight is being held without bail . He is accused of running over two men and killing one following an argument .
id: 081cef9db438a521b8c5af372043561d37c3b333
chatgpt: Former music industry mogul Marion "Suge" Knight is being held without bail as he awaits trial on murder and attempted murder charges. Knight is accused of running over two men with his truck in Los Angeles back in January of 2015, resulting in the death of one of them. According to prosecutors, Knight got into an argument with the two men, Terry Carter and Cle "Bone" Sloan, in a parking lot outside a burger joint in Compton. Knight is alleged to have intentionally run over the men with his truck, killing Carter and injuring Sloan. Knight has pleaded not guilty to the charges, and his defense team maintains that he was fleeing an attack by the two men when the incident occurred. However, prosecutors argue that Knight had a motive to harm Carter, who was a friend of rapper Dr. Dre. The incident marked yet another chapter in Knight's long and tumultuous career. The co-founder of Death Row Records, Knight rose to prominence in the 1990s as a powerful figure in the hip-hop industry. He was known for his association with artists like Tupac Shakur and Snoop Dogg, and for his role in defining the sound of gangsta rap. However, Knight's career was dogged by legal troubles and violence. He spent time in prison for assault and was alleged to have been involved in several high-profile incidents, including the 1997 murder of Tupac Shakur. Knight's arrest and subsequent incarceration in 2015 marked a new low for the once-powerful music executive. Knight has been held in jail ever since, as he awaited trial on the charges against him. The trial finally began in 2018, but has been beset by a series of delays and legal wrangling. The case was further complicated by the fact that Knight fired his original legal team and hired new lawyers, who then asked for more time to prepare. The case has attracted widespread attention, not just because of Knight's high profile but also because of the wider issues it raises about violence and the music industry. Some have pointed to the case as evidence of the toxic masculinity that pervades hip-hop culture, while others have criticized Knight's alleged actions as emblematic of the excesses and abuses of power that can occur in the entertainment industry. Whatever the outcome of the trial, it is clear that Knight's legacy will be forever tarnished by the events of that fateful night in 2015. As the legal process unfolds, we can only hope that justice is served for all those involved.