article: (CNN) -- David Beckham suffered an Achilles tendon injury before Clarence Seedorf scored in the final minute to give AC Milan a 1-0 win over Chievo on Sunday, a result that moved them to within a point of leaders Inter at the top of Serie A. Veteran England midfielder Beckham hobbled off the pitch in tears, reaching down to nurse his left heel, with TV network Sky Sports Italia reporting that he had suffered a suspected ruptured Achilles tendon injury. If that proves to be the prognosis, it would leave Beckham's hopes of appearing for England at this summer's World Cup finals in tatters. One sports physician has said Beckham has no chance of playing in the World Cup in South Africa, according to the Press Association. "It's remotely possible he may be running in three months," said Dr Tom Crisp. "The chances of him being fit to play for England are non-existent." Beckham's injury soured Milan's eventual win, achieved with just 10 men as all three substitutes had already been deployed before the former Manchester United midfielder was forced to limp off. One of those substitutes, Seedorf, was to score the only goal of the game, firing home a superb long-distance strike. "This was an important victory, but this injury prevents us from really enjoying it. It's an important injury and we need to be able to judge how serious it is," Milan coach Leonardo told Sky Sports Italia. The win means Milan move to within a single point of leaders and city rivals Inter at the top of the table. Elsewhere, Juventus managed to waste a three-goal advantage, with all their goals coming in the opening 10 minutes, to draw 3-3 at home to Siena. Alessandro del Piero netted two of Juve's goals, but Abdel Kader Ghezzal also hit a double for the visitors to leave Juventus coach Alberto Zaccheroni stunned. Roma remain in third position, six points behind Inter, after they were also held to a 3-3 draw, this time at struggling Livorno -- for whom Cristiano Lucarelli scored a hat-trick. A dramatic weekend in Serie A began on Friday night when leaders Inter had Sulley Muntari sent off in a shock 3-1 defeat at Catania.
highlights: Clarence Seedorf scored a last minute goal to give Milan 1-0 win over Chievo . The result sees Milan close to within one point of Inter at the top of Serie A table. David Beckham is substituted with an Achilles injury leaving his World Cup in doubt .
id: 2493439cb74e96db86e1ad075152bf688afee7d8
chatgpt: AC Milan continued their Serie A title chase with a close 1-0 win over Chievo at the San Siro on Sunday night. The game was characterized by Chievo's resilient defense but it was the 90th-minute goal from Clarence Seedorf that made the difference. Seedorf's goal helped Milan to secure three vital points to remain within one point of their rivals Inter, who still sits at the top of the league standings. The match was not all roses for the Rossoneri, as David Beckham went off with an Achilles injury early in the second half, leaving his participation in the World Cup in doubt. The former England captain came off in the 57th minute of the match after appearing to have sustained an injury in a tackle. Beckham had been competing for a starting spot on the national team and had hoped the injury wouldn't ruin his chances. It is still too early to tell how severe the injury is, but Beckham was seen leaving the stadium on crutches, having undergone tests in one of the city's hospitals. Speaking after the match, AC Milan coach Leonardo was optimistic that Beckham's injury would not keep him out of the World Cup. "We have to wait and see what the doctors say, but I'm hoping he'll be okay," he said.  The win was vital for Milan, who are looking to win their first Serie A title since 2011. The club has been in a long rebuilding process since their last domestic title and fans are hopeful that this season could see them return to the pinnacle of Italian football. The club has a formidable squad, including Ronaldinho and Alexandre Pato and with the addition of Beckham, Milan's midfield looked very strong. Despite his injury, Beckham has been a vital signing for AC Milan since joining on loan in January. The former Manchester United and Real Madrid player has contributed three assists in his twelve appearances for the club, but Milan will now have to look elsewhere to continue their title challenge. Seedorf's last-minute goal came after a barrage of shots from the Rossoneri. The Dutch midfielder calmly slotted home the rebound from Pato's shot, to give Milan a valuable win. The win will give Milan a big boost going into their next match, against champions Inter in the Milan derby. In conclusion, a tight game at the San Siro saw AC Milan earn a crucial 1-0 victory over Chievo, with Clarence Seedorf's last-minute goal proving to be the difference. David Beckham's participation in the World Cup is in doubt after he picked up an Achilles injury in the match that saw him substituted in the 57th minute. Milan are now one point behind rivals Inter in the Serie A title race, and a win in the Milan derby in the next match will put them in a strong position to take the title.