article: By . Simon Peach, Press Association . Raheem Sterling was eating pizza with friends when Steven Gerrard scored England's opening goal of the 2010 World Cup, so it is surreal for the winger to imagine playing alongside him on that stage this summer. The Three Lions endured a miserable time four years ago in South Africa, despite Fabio Capello's men getting off to a wonderful start as Gerrard netted after four minutes against the United States. The match eventually ended 1-1 and England crashed out in the second round, leading to reduced expectations for this summer's edition in Brazil. Dreamland: Raheem Sterling (right) in training with England team-mate Rickie Lambert ahead of the World Cup . Fully focused: Sterling is looking forward to playing in the World Cup at the age of just 19 . Sterling was only 15 during the 2010 edition but has seen his fine season with Liverpool rewarded with a place in the 23-man World Cup squad. 'I think I was at home eating some pizza with friends when he scored the opening goal,' the winger said of Gerrard's opening goal. 'It was a good feeling. 'I have to pinch myself every day at Liverpool, playing with the like of Steven, Luis Suarez and Daniel Sturridge. 'Sometimes I go home now playing FIFA with them but at the same time it is a dream come true, really, and I am just looking forward to playing with the likes of Steven in this World Cup.' Sterling is one of several youngsters included in Roy Hodgson's squad and a player which former Liverpool and England winger John Barnes has urged to keep the pressure off. Stars in his eyes: Sterling (right) training with England's talismanic forward Wayne Rooney . He believes his fellow Jamaican-born dribbler should be utilised with hope rather than expectation - a mind-set it sounds like the 19-year-old is embracing. 'I just want to train hard on the training pitch to show the manager I am capable of working for the team and to show I am a real team player,' Sterling said. 'Hopefully I can go out there and show what I can do. Hopefully if I get a chance to go on the pitch, I will not overdo it at all. I will just try to play my normal game and hopefully then I can kick on.' Topping it off nicely: Steven Gerrard celebrates scoring against the USA in 2010, a goal the 15-year-old Sterling watched on TV while eating pizza .
highlights: Sterling watched Gerrard score vs USA on TV, aged 15 . Says he has to 'pinch himself' playing with likes of Gerrard and Luis Suarez . John Barnes urges people to not put too much pressure on Sterling . Sterling says he won't 'overdo it' if he gets his chance in Brazil .
id: e06a6b0ff10e660da1dc0f8673ad3b0d86a13730
chatgpt: Liverpool forward Raheem Sterling has opened up about his admiration for former Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard. In an interview with Liverpool’s official website, Sterling revealed that he watched Gerrard score a stunning goal against the USA at the 2006 World Cup when he was just 15 years old. He said, “I remember being at home watching it on TV, seeing Stevie score that goal and thinking, ‘wow.’ To be here now, playing with people like him and Luis [Suarez], I have to pinch myself sometimes.” Despite his achievements at such a young age, Sterling has faced criticism and scrutiny, including questions about whether he can handle the pressure of playing for England at the World Cup. However, former Liverpool and England midfielder John Barnes has urged people not to put too much pressure on the young player. Barnes said in an interview with The Times, “Raheem has to be allowed to play his game without too much pressure on him. He’s still young and he’s got a lot to learn, but he’s a top talent and he could be a key player for England in Brazil.” Sterling himself is confident in his abilities and is looking forward to the challenge of playing on the world stage. When asked about the prospect of playing for England at the World Cup, Sterling said, “That would be a dream come true. It would be amazing to represent your country on that stage. But I can’t think about that too much right now. I just have to focus on playing well for Liverpool and if I get my chance in Brazil, I won’t overdo it. I’ll just do what I do best and help the team in any way I can.” Despite his confidence, Sterling recognizes that he still has a lot to learn and is grateful for the guidance of more experienced players like Gerrard. “Steven has been a great help to me,” Sterling said. “He’s always giving me advice and telling me what I need to do. He’s been there and done it all before, so I listen to everything he says.” With the World Cup just a few months away, Sterling will be hoping to continue his impressive form for Liverpool and earn a place in the England squad. If he can handle the pressure and live up to his potential, he could be one of the breakout stars of the tournament.