article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 07:46 EST, 13 November 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 12:11 EST, 13 November 2012 . Lord Rogers has broken his silence over the death of his son and its effect on his wife Ruth. The architect said that although he can bear the loss, his celebrity chef wife is 'up and down' and often experiences a 'tsunami' of grief. The architect, whose wife is the celebrated chef and cookery writer Ruth Rogers, said 'somehow' he could bear the loss but had come to the conclusion that women coped less well with sorrow than men. Grief: Chef and cookery writer Ruth Rogers (left) is struggling to get over the death of her son Bo (right) 'I can bear it somehow — I have no idea how. Ruthie can't. It's a terrible thing' said Lord Rogers. 'I've come to the conclusion that women are different.' Bo Rogers died after suffering a seizure in a friend's bath last year. He had escaped from Vernazza in northern Italy when the town was hit by flooding and landslides. The 27-year-old was not epileptic, and it was thought that the shock and stress of the flood might have triggered his fit. Struggle: Bo Rogers' death came just two years after Ruth Rogers (right) lost her close friend and River Cafe co-proprietor Rose Gray (left) to cancer . Lord Rogers' designs include the Millennium Dome, the Lloyd's Building and Terminal Five at Heathrow Airport. The 79-year old was speaking at the launch of a campaign to repair the damage caused by the floods in Vernazza. He told the Sunday Times that his son - who spoke fluent Italian - loved the town. 'Bo was rather good at languages and spoke fluent Italian.' 'We adopted this place and it in turn adopted us, especially Bo. He just belonged. It was a family joke that one day he'd be mayor.' He hopes that the family will come to love the town again, but admitted it might prove a challenge for his wife. Lord Rogers, pictured with his wife, was speaking at the launch of a campaign to restore the Italian town of Vernazza, which was hit by flash floods the day before Bo died. The stress might have caused his seizure . Disaster: The floods in Vernazza in Autumn 2011 killed several people and damaged much of the town . 'Ruthie is up and down. She's OK, then it hits her and it's like an explosion. She describes it as a 'tsunami' of grief.' Ruth Rogers opened the famous River . Cafe in Hammersmith in 1987. Her son's death came less than two years . after the death from cancer of her close friend . Rose Gray. River Café is considered one of the country's leading Italian restaurants, producing celebrity chefs Jamie Oliver, Hugh Fearnley-Whittingstall and Tobie Puttock.
highlights: Bo Rogers had seizure in bath after escape from flooding in Vernazza, Italy . Architect Lord Rogers speaking at launch of campaign to rebuild the town . Celebrity chef wife Ruth is 'up and down', experiencing 'tsunamis' of grief .
id: 54b15b4646ef6abd57f6c7abaaaa69afd7f08d6a
chatgpt: Bo Rogers, the son of world-renowned architect Lord Richard Rogers, experienced a seizure while taking a bath after escaping the devastating floods that hit Vernazza, Italy. The 28-year-old was caught in the crosshairs of the catastrophic floods that swept through the town, sweeping away homes and businesses, and causing widespread destruction. Bo was lucky to escape with his life, and his family is now rallying round to support him. Lord Rogers was speaking at the launch of a campaign to rebuild the town when he revealed the news about his son's seizure. He spoke of the emotional toll that the floods have taken on the family, saying that his wife, celebrity chef Ruth Rogers, is experiencing "tsunamis" of grief. While Bo's condition is being assessed by medical professionals, Lord Rogers and his family are urging people to donate to the reconstruction effort in Vernazza. The town was severely impacted by the flooding, and many homes and businesses have been destroyed. The launch of the campaign was a star-studded affair, with many celebrities and politicians in attendance. The focus of the event was on the need to rebuild the town and restore it to its former glory. The Italian government has pledged to provide funding for the effort, and there are hopes that the town will be transformed into a modern and sustainable community. Lord Rogers, who is perhaps best known for his work on the Pompidou Centre in Paris, spoke of his deep attachment to Vernazza and his desire to see the town flourish once more. He called for a renewed commitment to sustainability and the use of renewable energy sources, saying that the rebuilding effort was an opportunity to create a "model community" for the future. The launch of the campaign was an emotional moment for all those involved, with Lord Rogers choking back tears as he spoke of the devastation wrought by the floods. He thanked those who had already donated to the campaign and urged others to follow suit. The plight of Bo Rogers has highlighted the human cost of the floods in Vernazza, and has brought the issue to the attention of the world. The international community has rallied round to support the rebuilding effort, with donations pouring in from all corners of the globe. As the rebuilding effort gathers pace, there is a sense of hope and optimism in Vernazza. The town may have been battered and bruised by the floods, but its people are strong and resilient, and are determined to build a better future for themselves and their children. With the support of the international community, there is every reason to believe that they will succeed.