article: A three-year-old girl abandoned at a Los Angeles shopping center on Saturday looks set to be reunited with her father after he contacted police following media reports about the girl's disappearance. The dark-haired girl, called Audrey, was dropped off at the valet parking area of The Grove shopping center at around 6 p.m. on Saturday. According to the Los Angeles Police Department, parking attendants saw a woman - believed to be a relative - drop the three-year-old off along with a car seat, but no one arrived to pick her up. Audrey: A three-year-old named Audrey was abandoned Saturday at a Los Angeles shopping center. Her father contacted police on Sunday after the girl's grandfather saw a TV report about the missing girl . The attendants notified the police who then took Audrey into protective custody. The search to find her family was hampered due to the girl being unable to give her last name or any information about her parents. When the girl’s father finally contacted police about his daughter on Sunday afternoon he was interviewed by child protective services. Police are treating the case as a misunderstanding after the father told officers that he didn't initially know his daughter was missing. Audrey was happy and talkative, when she was first turned over to the LAPD, according to Lt. Lonnie Tiano, who said she was in 'good shape.' Attire: Audrey, who has long, dark hair and dark brown eyes, was found wearing purple pants and a pink shirt . Children and Family Services are still establishing if the man is Audrey's father and have yet to decide whether to turn her over to him, reports NBC4. Police say they received calls from a number of people offering gifts or a home to Audrey after her picture was released to the media in a bid to find her family. Audrey's father told police he had been looking for his daughter at The Grove until 11 p.m. He assumed that the person that Audrey was with had taken her home. They had been supposed to meet at The Grove earlier that day. Audrey's San Diegan grandfather spotted her picture on a news report on Sunday and then informed his son . Audrey, who has long, dark hair and dark brown eyes, was found wearing purple pants and a pink shirt. Grove: Audrey was dropped off at the valet parking area of The Grove shopping center in Los Angeles' Fairfax neighborhood, but no one came to pick her up on Saturday evening .
highlights: The father of a three-year-old girl abandoned on Saturday at a Los Angeles shopping mall has contacted police to get his daughter back . He told police on Sunday that he didn't know that his daughter, called Audrey, was missing . Audrey had been dropped off with her car seat at The Grove shopping center in Los Angeles, but no one came to pick her up . Children and Family Services have yet to decide whether to hand Audrey back over to her father .
id: a1f91f83c4e7e3c92316787268f6509f104a7958
chatgpt: In a startling development, the father of a three-year-old girl who was abandoned at a Los Angeles shopping mall on Saturday has finally come forward to reclaim his daughter. The man, whose name has not been disclosed, approached the police on Sunday and claimed that he was unaware that his daughter, Audrey, was missing. It appears that Audrey had been dropped off at The Grove shopping center in Los Angeles for what was supposed to be a routine visit. However, when no one turned up to pick her up later that day, mall officials contacted the authorities who subsequently took custody of the child. After a desperate search for Audrey's parents proved fruitless, the child was placed under the care of the Los Angeles County Department of Children and Family Services. In the meantime, police launched a manhunt for the child's parents. The father's sudden arrival at the police station has raised questions about his conduct and sparked outrage among many community members. Some wonder why he allowed his child to be abandoned at a mall in the first place. Others have accused him of neglect and demanded that he be held responsible for his actions. While the father claims he was unaware that Audrey was left at the mall, the authorities are yet to determine the veracity of his story. According to reports, the father has been taken into custody for questioning, and the police are conducting further investigations into the circumstances of the child's abandonment. As of now, the Los Angeles County Department of Children and Family Services has yet to make a decision about whether to return Audrey to her father. Many are calling for the child to be placed in foster care until her father's suitability as a parent can be established. The incident has shone a spotlight on the issue of child abandonment and raised questions about the need for greater vigilance when it comes to the welfare of young children. Many are calling for stricter laws to be put in place to deter parents from neglecting their children. Despite the father's claims of innocence, many in the community remain skeptical of his story. Until the authorities have conducted a thorough investigation and Audrey's well-being is guaranteed, many will have to wait with bated breath for the next chapter in this developing story.