article: By . Alex Ward . PUBLISHED: . 14:49 EST, 11 October 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 20:03 EST, 11 October 2012 . Amputees only: The director of series Games of Thrones which stars Peter Dinklage (pictured) are looking for leg only, male amputees . The Game of Thrones director is looking for leg only, male amputees for a famous scene of the epic television series. Filming has started in Northern Ireland and according to a casting notice, the show is looking for disabled actors to act as extras in a bloody battle scene known as ‘the red wedding'. Based on a series of fantasy novels by George R. R. Martin, the scene is considered to be a major turning point in the five-book epic. The popular series has been one of the most expensive projects ever done, even by HBO’s pricey standards. According to the New York Post, the casting notice reads ‘Seeking LEG ONLY, MALE AMPUTEES’ on an Irish casting website posted this week. Interested actors must send ‘a clear description regarding where your limb is missing e.g. at knee, at ankle, etc.’ It continues: ‘You must be OK and comfortable with filming a scene within the context of a battle where your leg has been injured. ‘Prosthetic makeup will be applied as though your leg has newly been severed. ‘We understand that this is not for everyone, so please only apply if you are happy to participate.’ The climactic scene, if staged according to the novels, will require hundreds of extras including musicians. The notice also reads: ‘Seeking MALE only cellists. Bloody battle: The disabled actors are needed for a massacre scene filmed in Northern Ireland in the third season of the popular show which has also been filmed in Dubrovnik, Croatia (pictured is Charles Dance and crew filming earlier this month) ‘Ideally men with medieval or period faces (i.e. long hair & beard) but not essential.’ The third season is set to be released next March and pay cable network HBO have announced that it plans to split the third book of the series, ‘The Storm of Swords’, into two seasons. Filming has been taking place in various locations around the world to fill in for the fictional land of Westeros, including Ireland and Iceland. The Croatian city of Dubrovnik is the location for King’s Landing, the capital of the Seven Kingdoms. Pricey production: The series has been one of the most expensive projects ever done by HBO. Pictured are stars Aiden Gilen and Lena Headey on location in Dubrovnik, Croatia this month .
highlights: Amputees are needed for a battle scene in the Game of Thrones, series 3 . The casting notice reads 'Seeking LEG ONLY, MALE AMPUTEES' on an Irish casting website posted this week . The popular series has been one of the most expensive series done by HBO . The third series is being filmed in Dubrovnik, Ireland and Iceland .
id: 7e2d3f7fc6af066628ab578baab2b3455d4211e4
chatgpt: The hit HBO series, Game of Thrones, is known for its breathtaking fantasy world and realistic portrayal of war and combat. Now, the show is seeking a unique group of individuals to join their cast for one of the series' highly-anticipated battle scenes. Specifically, Game of Thrones is on the lookout for "LEG ONLY, MALE AMPUTEES" to join their team. The casting call was posted on an Irish casting website earlier this week, inviting amputee men to come and audition for the chance to join the stellar cast of the popular series. According to the casting notice, the series is seeking amputees who have had their lower limbs amputated for the role. Interestingly, the website has specified that only men with amputated legs are needed for the role, leaving many to speculate what kind of battle scene this could possibly be. Game of Thrones has been no stranger to controversy in the past with their graphic and violent battle scenes, including brutal depictions of limb amputation. However, the producers of the show have not specified whether the amputees are required for such scenes or if they will be playing a different role altogether. One thing that is certain, however, is that Game of Thrones has been one of the most expensive series produced by HBO. It's no secret that the show has a myriad of dedicated viewers and legions of fans who eagerly await the next season with anticipation. With the third series being filmed in Dubrovnik, Ireland, and Iceland, the production team is sparing no expense in making sure that this latest addition to the series lives up to their viewers' high expectations. So far, the response to the casting call has been overwhelmingly positive, with many people excited about the prospect of a diverse and inclusive cast. However, some have raised concerns about the safety of the amputees on the set, given the show's history of violent and bloody scenes. Despite these concerns, the opportunity to star in one of the most popular television shows of all time is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity that many amputees are eager to seize. The chance to join a cast that includes the likes of Emilia Clarke, Kit Harington, and Peter Dinklage is something that many aspiring actors dream of, and the prospect of being a part of one of the most famous television shows of all time is too good to pass up. In conclusion, Game of Thrones seeking "LEG ONLY, MALE AMPUTEES" for an upcoming battle scene is yet another unique and groundbreaking moment for the series. With filming taking place in Ireland and Iceland, it remains to be seen what kind of scene the amputees will be involved in, but one thing is for sure - the show's dedicated fans can't wait to see the latest installment in this epic saga.