article: Former bikie gang boss Toby Mitchell and Australian footy player Jake King have continued their association, despite the Australian Football League's clear stance against the friendship. Mitchell, an ex-Bandidos enforcer, posted pictures on his social media account of the pair at a fight night last weekend at Melbourne Pavilion. The two were also hanging out watching King's football club, the Richmond Tigers, play last month. Ex-bikie Toby Mitchell (left) and footy star Jake King (right) pictured hanging out together again at a fight night last weekend . This follows former AFL CEO Andrew Demetriou's push for the Tigers forward to drop links with the notorious bikie who was ambushed and shot five times in 2011. The duo were pictured at a fight night on June 21 at Hawthorn East which 7km from Melbourne's CBD. The event was promoted by Powerplay, which Mitchell - former champion kickboxer - was previously a director, reported the Herald Sun. Mitchell, who recently avoided jail over a Melbourne strip club brawl in 2010, and his controversial friendship with King made headlines when the Richmond forward invited him to his club's dressing rooms in September last year. Demetriou described as a 'pretty stupid' move at the time. The pair have continued their association despite the AFL's clear stance against the friendship . They were also spotted together at a football game last month . He said he was concerned people of certain backgrounds had the potential to 'infiltrate' the code. King was warned after he brought Mitchell to his club's dressing rooms in 2013 . 'We know after the past 12 months, from our code's perspective, it's not what we want,' Demetriou said. 'I'm surprised given the level of awareness, the efforts we've gone to with each club, to explain the importance of this particular issue … in fact I think it's pretty stupid.' Although the AFL and Richmond did not comment on the pair's recent outing, the club's CEO Brendon Gale said he was disappointed about their relationship. 'Jake's relationship with Toby Mitchell pre-dates his time at Richmond,' he said in a statement on the club's website last year. 'Certainly we'll have a discussion with him. These are instructive opportunities to remind all players of the risk involved. 'We've brought it to Jake's attention that he should think long and hard about those sorts of friendships and connections and associations.' Mr Gale said King hasn't broken any rules. 'We provide advice and guidance but as adults we expect them to make their own decisions,' he said. Mitchell also continues to promote his high life and his newly claimed tattoo parlour, City of Ink, through his Instagram account. Mitchell appears to be living the high life after avoiding jail over a vicious affray at a Melbourne nightclub in 2010 . Mitchell claims to have taken ownership of the a Melbourne tattoo parlour, City of Ink. He is pictured getting a touch up at the shop .
highlights: Former boss of Bandidos Motorcycle Club was pictured with Richmond Tiger's forward at a fight night last weekend in Melbourne . They were also spotted together at a football game last month . AFL and Richmond have made their dislike for the friendship very clear .
id: f2f153d4f0df89e86862565be9b9f6496ce1ad94
chatgpt: The former boss of the Bandidos Motorcycle Club, Toby Mitchell, has been recently pictured with Richmond Tigers forward, Jack Riewoldt, at a fight night in Melbourne. This is not the first time the two have been seen together, as they were also spotted at a football game last month. However, this newfound friendship has not been well-received by the AFL and the Richmond Football Club. Toby Mitchell is a former president of the Bandidos Motorcycle Club, one of the most notorious outlaw motorcycle gangs in Australia. He was once shot several times and survived an assassination attempt, which has only added to his reputation as a dangerous figure. Jack Riewoldt, on the other hand, is a well-respected player in the AFL and has won two premierships with the Richmond Tigers. The two were first seen together at a football game last month, which sparked controversy among fans and officials alike. The AFL and the Richmond Tigers have since made their dislike for the friendship very clear. In a statement released by the Richmond Football Club, they stated that they do not condone any association with outlaw motorcycle gangs, and that any player who associates with them will be subject to disciplinary action. The AFL, on the other hand, has made it clear that they have a zero-tolerance policy when it comes to any association with outlaw motorcycle gangs. They have been cracking down on their involvement in the sport, with several players being banned or fined for associating with these gangs. The AFL is concerned that the image of the sport will be tarnished if any association with these gangs is allowed. The recent appearance of Toby Mitchell and Jack Riewoldt together at a fight night has only added to the controversy. The two were seen sitting together ringside, with Toby Mitchell in his signature Bandidos Motorcycle Club leather jacket. This has caused uproar among fans, with many calling for the Richmond Tigers to sever ties with Riewoldt. The Richmond Tigers have yet to make a statement regarding the recent photographs of Riewoldt and Mitchell, but it is clear that this association will not be tolerated by either the club or the AFL. The AFL has a responsibility to protect the integrity of the sport, and any association with outlaw motorcycle gangs is seen as a threat to this integrity. The photographs of Toby Mitchell and Jack Riewoldt have caused a media frenzy, with many news outlets picking up the story. The public is divided on the issue, with some defending Riewoldt’s right to associate with whomever he pleases, while others are calling for him to be disciplined by the club and the AFL. In conclusion, the recent appearance of Toby Mitchell and Jack Riewoldt together has caused controversy in the AFL community. The AFL and the Richmond Tigers have made it clear that any association with outlaw motorcycle gangs will not be tolerated, and that any player who associates with them will be subject to disciplinary action. The photographs of the two have sparked a media frenzy, with the public divided on the issue. It remains to be seen how the Richmond Tigers and the AFL will react to this association, but one thing is clear – the integrity of the sport must be protected at all costs.