article: Stan Wawrinka qualified for the semi-finals of the end-of-season ATP World Tour finals as he quickly secured the three games he needed in 13 minutes against Marin Cilic on Friday. When Wawrinka broke the Croatian's serve to move into a 3-1 lead in the opening set of their final round-robin match, it guaranteed that he would make it to the last four for a second successive year. Wawrinka then went on to clinch a 6-3, 4-6, 6-3 victory and the Swiss will now play compatriot and great friend, Roger Federer, in Saturday's semi-finals at the O2 Arena. Stan Wawrinka celebrates after defeating Croatian Marin Cilic in three sets at the O2 Arena on Friday night . Marin Cilic plays a backhand as he suffers a three-set defeat to Wawrinka at the ATP World Tour Finals . Swiss fans show their colours as they applaud Wawrinka on his way to victory against Cilic in London . 'It was a tough match, it's never easy to play against Marin, he's been having an amazing year,' said Wawrinka. 'To win is important for me.' Wawrinka has played Federer 16 times and won only twice, but one of those came this year in the final of the Monte Carlo Masters. He said: 'I hope I can get a little bit of support because I know people love him here. It's going to be tough for me, but I need to trust myself and go for it.' Earlier, champion Novak Djokovic had defeated Tomas Berdych 6-2 6-2 to ensure he would meet Japan's Kei Nishikori in Saturday's first semi-final. Wawrinka only needed to win three games to ensure progression to Saturday's last four . Former Spice Girl Mel B and husband Stephen Belafonte watch the match between Cilic and Wawrinka .
highlights: Stan Wawrinka beat Marin Cilic 6-3, 4-6, 6-3 in his final Group A match . The Swiss only needed to win three games to ensure qualification . Wawrinka takes on compatriot Roger Federer in Saturday's semi-finals . Novak Djokovic faces Kei Nishikori in the other last-four clash .
id: 7cb3c350ebf59049ccb8e97b885437a6ce23dfd7
chatgpt: In a thrilling match at the ATP World Tour Finals in London, Stan Wawrinka defeated Marin Cilic to secure his qualification for the semi-finals. Despite dropping a set, the Swiss player held his nerve to earn a hard-fought 6-3, 4-6, 6-3 victory over his Croatian opponent. Wawrinka knew that he only needed to win three games to progress to the next stage of the tournament, but he was keen to finish the group stage on a high note. Cilic, too, was playing for pride, as he had already been eliminated following two defeats in his opening two matches. The first set saw Wawrinka dominate proceedings. The Swiss broke Cilic early on and held his serve for the rest of the set, winning it 6-3. However, Cilic rallied in the second set, breaking Wawrinka's serve twice to level the match at one set apiece. In the deciding set, it was Wawrinka who made the breakthrough. After both players held their serves for the first three games, Wawrinka broke Cilic in the fourth game and never looked back. Despite a spirited fightback from Cilic, Wawrinka held his nerve to seal the victory and qualify for the semi-finals. There, he will face off against his compatriot and long-time rival, Roger Federer, in what promises to be an epic clash. Federer has been in imperious form so far, winning all three of his matches in straight sets. However, Wawrinka will not be intimidated, having beaten Federer in their most recent encounter at the French Open earlier this year. The other semi-final will see world number one Novak Djokovic take on Kei Nishikori. Djokovic has been in dominant form all year, winning three Grand Slam titles and proving unbeatable for much of the season. However, Nishikori is a proven giant-killer, having beaten Djokovic in the US Open semi-finals in 2014. The stage is set for a thrilling finale to the ATP World Tour Finals, with four of the best players in the world battling it out for the title. Fans all over the world will be eagerly watching to see who emerges victorious.