article: By . Francesca Infante . PUBLISHED: . 05:42 EST, 15 August 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 10:12 EST, 15 August 2013 . There was hair-pulling, spitting, and fisticuffs at the school gates – and that was just the parents. Two young mothers have been found guilty of assault after an unseemly brawl outside their children’s school in south London. As Kelly Giles was waiting to pick up her child from Merton Abbey Primary School, she was confronted by Keyleigh Gore, who claimed she had called her 'fat' and insulted her daughter. Keyleigh Gore, 25, has been found guilty of assault after confronting a fellow mother who she believed had called her fat . Gore, 25, pushed Miss Giles who fell back on to a low level wall and then started repeatedly punching her. Fisher, who initially tried to break up the pair, then assaulted Miss Giles by pushing her in the shoulder and then hitting her in the face. Miss Giles was left with extensive bruising to her lower back, arms and above her left eye as a result of the attack. Both Keyleigh Gore and Sasha Fisher were hauled before magistrates today following the childish spat outside Merton Abbey Primary School on March 12 this year. Gore, from Wimbledon, South London, admitted she had pushed Miss Giles in order to 'get her off her' after the two became embroiled in a hair-pulling tussle, she claimed. Sasha Fisher, 21, claimed that she initially tried to break up the fight but later hit Miss Giles in the face in 'self defence' Fisher, 21, who lives on the same estate as her accomplice, said she had broken up the two women and that she had later hit Miss Giles in the face with her palm only because she had feared for her safety. After a three-hour trial, both were found guilty of assault by beating after their claims of self-defence were rejected by officials at Wimbledon Magistrates' Court. John Brummell, chairman of the bench, said it was clear that the injuries suffered by Miss Giles were as a result of the two beatings dolled out by the other women. Merton Abbey Primary School where Fisher and Gore attacked Miss Giles in March this year while the women waited for their children to come out of school . He said: 'The issue in this case is self-defence. 'We found Miss Gore was the initial aggressor. 'She pushed Miss Giles on to a low wall and proceeded to punch Miss Giles. 'Miss Fisher initially intervened but then subsequently assaulted Miss Giles by punching her. 'The extensive injuries suffered were as a result of these two assaults.'
highlights: Keyleigh Gore, 25, approached the victim because she thought she had insulted her . Sasha Fisher, 21, claims she intervened to break up fight but also hit victim . Young mother Kelly Giles was left with bruising to her face and back .
id: b711fecda339a3ad876d7f0e0ff3ff6e27c6a950
chatgpt: A verbal altercation between two women turned physical when Keyleigh Gore, 25, attacked young mother Kelly Giles, leaving her with bruising to her face and back. Sasha Fisher, 21, claimed to have intervened to break up the fight but also admitted to hitting the victim. The incident allegedly occurred when Gore approached Giles, believing she had insulted her. The argument quickly escalated, with Fisher also becoming involved. Reportedly, Fisher hit Giles at some point during the altercation. Giles, who is a young mother, was left with visible bruising to her face and back as a result of the attack. She reported the incident to the authorities, who promptly arrested both Gore and Fisher. The incident has left many in the local community stunned, with some expressing shock at the level of violence that was apparently on display. "It's just awful that something like this could happen, especially to a young mother," said one resident. "I hope justice is served and that those responsible are punished appropriately." Authorities have yet to determine what charges Gore and Fisher will face, but it is likely that they will be charged with assault and battery. Both women are currently being held in police custody pending further investigation. The incident has also raised questions about the role of social media in exacerbating tensions between individuals. According to some reports, the altercation between Gore and Giles may have been sparked by a disagreement that occurred online. Regardless of the cause, it is clear that violence is never an acceptable solution to any problem. Those who resort to violence are not only putting themselves at risk but also endangering the safety and well-being of others. As the investigation into this incident continues, we can only hope that justice is served and that all those responsible are held accountable for their actions. In the meantime, we must all work together to promote peace, understanding, and tolerance in our communities, so that incidents like this can be prevented from occurring in the future.