article: A U.S. government warning this week to airlines about possible shoe bombs represents a credible threat linked to al Qaeda, officials told CNN. Recent intelligence points to tactics believed to be tied to al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula and its master bomb-maker Ibrahim al Asiri, a federal law enforcement official said. Counterterrorism officials don't believe there is an active plot in the works. But the law enforcement source said the United States periodically receives information on attempts by those believed to have been trained by Asiri to try to develop bombs that could defeat screening systems. It's not a new threat, but one viewed as ongoing because they know the al Qaeda unit based in Yemen is constantly trying to improve its bombs. Another U.S. official said the Homeland Security Department would not have taken steps to warn carriers about flights bound for the United States had it not been credible. "This is not just some flip comment on the part of a bad guy," that official said. Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson said on Thursday in Los Angeles that "concern about shoe bombs have been out there for years" and the agency updates  advisories and modifies procedures "so that we remain vigilant." Intelligence collected by the United States and other countries indicates terror groups have been working on new shoe-bomb designs, sources familiar with the matter told CNN on Wednesday. The threat apparently is unrelated to recent warnings about toothpaste and cosmetic tubes potentially being used to hide explosives on flights to Russia. Terrorism experts say airlines continue to be a target of terrorists wishing to make a spectacular impact with an attack. The focus on security since 2001 has shifted from hijackings to bombs, especially those that might be hidden in luggage. Following the 9/11 attacks, passengers aboard an American Airlines flight from Paris to Miami thwarted another passenger's attempt to detonate explosives hidden in his sneakers. Richard Reid, a British citizen, pleaded guilty and is serving a life sentence. Since, Transportation Security Administration policy requires passengers going through airport security checkpoints to take off their shoes to be X-rayed.
highlights: U.S. warned airlines this week about possible shoe bomb threat to U.S.-bound flights . Official ties it to bomb-maker for al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . The threat is based on the latest intelligence . Al Qaeda said to still be interested in targeting airlines .
id: 92a1b4c74307650f197757abc1f74fc7428881a4
chatgpt: The United States has issued a warning to all airlines this week about a possible shoe bomb threat to U.S.-bound flights, with officials linking the threat to a bomb-maker for al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula. The warning is based on the latest intelligence available and comes at a time when al Qaeda is said to still be interested in targeting airlines. According to a senior U.S. intelligence official, the threat was credible but not specific, meaning that there is no information on a particular place or time that an attack may occur. However, the warning is being taken seriously, with airlines being advised to be vigilant and to take extra precautions. The bomb-maker in question is believed to be Ibrahim Hassan al-Asiri, a Saudi national who is considered one of al Qaeda's most dangerous members. He is responsible for several attempted attacks on U.S.-bound flights using explosive devices hidden in shoes and clothing. In 2009, al-Asiri was responsible for the attempted Christmas Day bombing of a Northwest Airlines flight from Amsterdam to Detroit. The attack failed when the bomb failed to detonate properly, but it highlighted the effectiveness of al-Asiri's methods. The U.S. warning to airlines comes at a time when concerns are rising about the threat of terrorism, especially given recent attacks in France and Germany. The warning serves as a reminder that despite the successes of counter-terrorism efforts, the threat of terrorism remains real and ever-present. The U.S. government has been working to combat the threat posed by al Qaeda and other terrorist groups for years. In addition to targeted killings of key leaders and operatives, the government has also increased security measures at airports and other transportation hubs. Despite these efforts, however, the threat of terrorism continues to evolve and change. Groups like al Qaeda remain determined to carry out attacks against the United States and its allies, and the U.S. government must remain vigilant and adapt to new threats as they emerge. In the face of this new warning, airlines are being advised to increase their security measures and to be on the lookout for anything suspicious. While the U.S. government is doing everything it can to prevent attacks, it is ultimately up to airlines and their passengers to stay vigilant and to report anything they see that seems out of the ordinary. By working together, we can all help to ensure the safety and security of the skies.