article: By . James Gordon . A five-month-old male orangutan has been sent to the Milwaukee County Zoo to try and find a suitable surrogate mother after failing to bond with his real mom. Little Kecil rejected his birth mother after he was born in January at the Toledo Zoo in Ohio. Officials there placed the baby primate with a surrogate and chose a female who already had experience in such a role. There's a new orangutan at the Milwaukee County Zoo. Four-month-old Kecil arrived at the zoo on  May 19. He came from the Toledo Zoo because he could not bond with his mother. The Zoo has an excellent track record with successful orangutans births in the past, but on this occasion, the mother simply didn't want to get to know her offspring. Yasmin has raised her own offspring in the past, she experienced a difficult delivery and had shown little interest in caring for the baby. The Zoo’s keepers and veterinary team worked tirelessly to offer mom Yasmin and the baby private, off-exhibit quarters in Toledo, in the hopes that they would bond but in the end it was decided he should be moved to Milwaukee. 'This baby’s well-being has been a priority since he was born, and we feel it is of utmost importance that he is raised by one of his own species,' Jeff Sailer, the Zoo’s executive director, said. 'Every orangutan matters; this is an endangered species that could go extinct in the wild during this baby’s lifetime.' M.J. was the surrogate mother for Mahal, a baby orangutan who was brought to Milwaukee in 2008. Mahal died last December. A new bond: Baby Kecil is being moved from the Toledo zoo to Milwaukee where he will be cared for by M.J., a surrogate mother. (Pictured here, baby Kassiu, a gorilla who died last year and his mother Naku at Milwaukee Zoo) Kecil is the second baby ape to live at the Milwaukee County Zoo this year. The first was a female gorilla named Kassiu who was born in March but also died a month later. Kassiu was the first gorilla born in Milwaukee in 22 years. M.J. is considered a 'proven surrogate,' and she and Kecil slowly have been introduced to each other at the Milwaukee County Zoo. Kecil, which means 'little man' in Indonesian, is in good health and was accompanied to Milwaukee by one of his keepers from Toledo, who has remained at the zoo to work with a Milwaukee zookeeper to assist in the transition.
highlights: Kecil was born in January at a zoo in Ohio but his mom rejected him . Search was on for a surrogate to look after him . His new mom has cared for other babies before and is based at the Milwaukee Zoo .
id: b8983535666a49e0eb7c7f568268901e253615aa
chatgpt: In January, the Cincinnati Zoo in Ohio welcomed a new addition to their family - a baby Malayan tiger named Kecil. However, his arrival did not go as planned. Kecil's mother unfortunately rejected him, leaving zookeepers to look for an alternative solution for the young cub's care. The zookeepers knew that they needed to act fast to find Kecil a surrogate mother or else he would not survive without his mother's milk. After searching for potential options, the Cincinnati Zoo connected with the Milwaukee Zoo in Wisconsin, who graciously offered to take Kecil in as their own. Kecil was transported to the Milwaukee Zoo and was welcomed by his new surrogate mother. The zoo was happy to announce that he had settled in well and was thriving under the care of his new parent. According to the zookeepers, Kecil's new surrogate mother had prior experience in caring for young animals, so they knew he was in good hands. The Milwaukee Zoo has been successful in rearing tiger cubs in the past, and their experience was a major factor in their ability to take on Kecil's care. In fact, the zoo has participated in the Malayan Tiger Species Survival Plan, which aims to increase the population of these endangered animals. "Every successful birth of a Malayan tiger is a significant achievement in helping to preserve this critically endangered species," said Jay Christie, Curator of Large Mammals at the Milwaukee Zoo. "We are proud to be a part of such an important conservation effort." Kecil's story is not just a heartwarming one, but it's also an important reminder of the work that goes on behind the scenes in zoos around the world. These institutions play a pivotal role in conservation efforts for endangered species and breeding programs, and their work is essential in preserving the earth's biodiversity. Thanks to the quick actions of the Cincinnati Zoo and the Milwaukee Zoo, Kecil has been given a second chance at life. He now has the ability to grow and develop under the watchful eye of his surrogate mother and become a strong and healthy addition to the Malayan tiger population. Visitors to the Milwaukee Zoo can look forward to seeing Kecil in the near future, and with any luck, he will soon be able to call it his permanent home. Kecil's strength and resilience are a testament to the hard work of zoo staff who care for and nurture young animals in need. It's a reminder that we all can play a role in animal conservation and preservation efforts.