article: Tottenham will consider a move for Swansea striker Wilfried Bony once they exhaust the possibilities of signing Romelu Lukaku from Chelsea. Lukaku has an offer from Atletico Madrid that is superior to any other deal on the table at this stage. There is plenty of interest notably from Everton, Roma, Wolfsburg and Juventus while West Ham have already been turned down in a bid to take him on loan. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Tottenham and Atletico Madrid target Romelu Lukaku score . Control: Ivory Coast's Wilfried Bony (pictured) could be on Tottenham's radar if they can't get Romelu Lukaku . Price-tag: Swansea want £19million for Bony, having paid £12m in the first place . Passion: Bony is powerful, physical, has good technique and has shown an ability to score goals . Wanted: striker Lukaku (right) is wanted by Tottenham but Atletico Madrid have a superior deal on the table . Tottenham are not looking to offload Emmanuel Adebayor despite reports but there is interest in the former Arsenal and Manchester City striker. They are more inclined to listen to offers for Roberto Soldado, although Mauricio Pochettino is open minded at this stage. The Argentine does need another striker however, and Bony represents an alternative to Lukaku. He is powerful, physical, has good technique and has shown an ability to score goals in the Premier League. Swansea know there is interest from a lot of the top clubs and insist he will only be sold to one of the top six in the country. They have placed a price tag of around £19million on the Ivory Coast international and will hold out for that after paying £12m in the first place. Swansea have an offer on the table for Luc Castaignos of FC Twente but face competition from Benfica. Lookout: Mauricio Pochettino needs a striker at Tottenham and may turn to Bony to fill the void .
highlights: Tottenham will consider a move for Wilfried Bony if they can't get Chelsea outcast Romelu Lukaku . Atletico Madrid have a superior deal on the table for Lukaku . Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino needs a new striker for next season .
id: 1b7962334543f539f71d0961d0fcd0bc4e64b6b8
chatgpt: Tottenham Hotspur might turn their attention to former Swansea City striker Wilfried Bony if they fail to land out-of-favour Chelsea forward Romelu Lukaku. Mauricio Pochettino's side are looking to bolster their attacking options ahead of the new season and Bony, who is seeking a fresh start after a frustrating time at Manchester City, could be a viable alternative to Lukaku. However, Tottenham's pursuit of Lukaku looks to have hit a roadblock, with reports suggesting that Atletico Madrid have made a more attractive offer to the Belgian. Despite being keen to sign the 23-year-old, Spurs are unwilling to pay the £75m asking price for his services and could end up missing out on him altogether. In light of this, Bony has emerged as a potential target for Tottenham, with Pochettino keen to add more firepower to his squad. The 28-year-old Ivorian has fallen out of favour at Man City and has been linked with moves away from the club for some time. He could now be set for a fresh start at Tottenham and could be an ideal addition to their forward line. Pochettino is eager to improve his attacking options, having already secured the services of Dutch striker Vincent Janssen from AZ Alkmaar. However, with Harry Kane likely to be out of action for the start of the season due to injury, Tottenham are in need of additional attacking reinforcement. One issue for Tottenham could be the transfer fee involved in signing Bony, who cost Man City £25m in January 2015. With Man City keen to recoup as much of that fee as possible, Tottenham may have to enter into prolonged negotiations in order to secure his signature. Despite this potential hurdle, Bony's arrival at Tottenham could be seen as a positive move for both parties. The striker needs a fresh start after a difficult time at Man City, while Tottenham would benefit from his experience and goal-scoring prowess. As the start of the new Premier League draws closer, Tottenham will be keen to ensure they have a strong and deep squad to compete on all fronts. The potential arrival of Wilfried Bony could represent a step in the right direction for Pochettino's side as they look to challenge for honours next season.