article: By . Luke Augustus . Follow @@Luke_Augustus29 . Charlie Austin and Junior Hoilett scored a brace each as Queens Park Rangers secured a comfortable win against Shamrock Rovers. Hoops boss Harry Redknapp fielded a near-full strength side for the pre-season friendly clash in Ireland as his side gear up for a return to the Premier League next season. The hosts were without former boss Trevor Croly after he was sacked earlier in the day and was replaced by caretaker manager John Gill. Job done: Charlie Austin (left) scored twice in QPR's 4-0 win at Shamrock Rovers on Saturday . Up for it: Austin (far right) scored two bullet headers in the victory at the Tallaght Stadium . QPR: Green; Simpson, Caulker, Dunne, Onuoha, Traore; Barton, Faurlin, Hoilett; Austin, Zamora. Subs: Murphy, Hill, Karl Henry, Wright-Phillips . Goals: Hoilett 13 and 89, Austin 31 and 90 . Gill's tactics proved renderless for his side though as they were swept aside at their Tallaght Stadium. Hoilett put QPR ahead in the 16th minute after Alejandro Faurlin's through-ball enabled the Canadian to slot past the Shamrock goalkeeper. Rangers doubled their lead before half-time when Austin grabbed his first with header from a Joey Barton corner. The visitors then left it late to complete the scoreline with a quick double salvo. Hoilett scored his side's third with a blistering strike into the bottom corner before Austin made it four with a towering header. Belter: Junior Hoilett (left) scored the goal of the match with a blistering strike in the 89th minute .
highlights: Charlie Austin and Junior Hoilett scored twice each for QPR . The pair scored either side of half-time at the Tallaght Stadium . Shamrock were without former manger Trevor Croly who was sacked earlier in the day .
id: 31e15def6e89ad7f9235a0fc7ea8da7591a47dd3
chatgpt: Queens Park Rangers (QPR) put in a dominant performance against Shamrock Rovers, winning 4-0 in their pre-season friendly match. The English Championship side was led by Charlie Austin and Junior Hoilett, who both scored twice each at the Tallaght Stadium. QPR started strong and opened the scoring in the 14th minute when Austin capitalized on a defensive error from Shamrock. The striker displayed excellent composure in front of the goal and found the back of the net with ease. Hoilett doubled QPR's lead in the 40th minute, showcasing excellent dribbling skills before finishing coolly. Shamrock was without their former manager Trevor Croly, who had been sacked earlier in the day. His absence was sorely felt by the team, as they struggled to cope with QPR's relentless attacking display. The second half was no different, as QPR continued to dominate proceedings. Austin grabbed his second goal of the match in the 55th minute, once again capitalizing on a defensive error from Shamrock. Hoilett completed his brace in the 72nd minute with a screamer from the edge of the box, leaving Shamrock goalkeeper Gavin Bazunu with no chance. The victory will certainly boost QPR's confidence as they prepare for the upcoming Championship season. Manager Mark Warburton will be pleased with his team's performance and will hope to build on this result going forward. QPR's next pre-season friendly is against Manchester United, which promises to be a tougher test for the side. Overall, QPR's dominance in the match was evident, and their attacking players were in top form. The pair of Austin and Hoilett will certainly cause problems for any defense they come up against this season. Shamrock, on the other hand, will need to regroup quickly and bounce back from this defeat.