article: By . Paul Thompson . PUBLISHED: . 14:09 EST, 9 July 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 15:06 EST, 9 July 2013 . A kindergarten teacher at an elementary school has been arrested on multiple sex crimes, including incest and rape. Anessa Dawn Olive Ferguson was held at her home after police in Alabama launched an investigation following a tip off from a family member. The 37 year old is described as a mother of three who lives with her husband on Maxwell Elementary School's website - where she worked in Duncanville, Alabama. Arrested: Anessa Dawn Olive Ferguson has been charged with rape and incest (her mugshot pictured right) She was indicted this week by a grand jury on charges of engaging in sexual intercourse, 'deviate' sexual intercourse and sexual contact by 'forcible compulsion' with a member of the opposite sex between the ages of 12 and 16. Ferguson was arrested on Wednesday, July 3, Lt. Andy Norris with the Tuscaloosa Sheriff’s Department said. Mail Online spoke to Lt. Andy Norris, but he is unable to confirm whether it was Mrs Ferguson's husband who tipped off police. She was suspended from her job in December 2012 after the allegations were first investigated. Norris said the incidents did not involve any students with the school system. Anessa Dawn Olive Ferguson was a teacher at Maxwell Elementary School in Alabama (pictured) As for the charge of incest, the documents describe the act as sexual intercourse with a victim who the defendant knew to be related, either by blood, adoption or marriage. Ferguson was booked into jail and received a $25,000 bond. Her arraignment hearing is scheduled for September 6. Ferguson is reported to have relatives living in the Geneva and Enterprise area. She refused to comment to local TV station WVUA without her lawyer present.
highlights: Anessa Dawn Olive Ferguson was held at her home in Alabama . She was indicted on charges of engaging in sexual intercourse and sexual contact by 'forcible compulsion' with a boy between 12 and 16 .
id: 660fe8ae9c7fb645c5a2550ec58420ce23689c74
chatgpt: An Alabama woman has been arrested and indicted on charges of engaging in sexual intercourse and sexual contact by "forcible compulsion" with a boy between the ages of 12 and 16. Anessa Dawn Olive Ferguson, 32, was taken into custody on Tuesday at her home in the city of Dothan. According to court documents, Ferguson is accused of engaging in sexual activity with the underage boy over the course of several months. The boy was reported to be a family friend and was allegedly subjected to "forcible compulsion" by the defendant. The indictment alleges that Ferguson used her position of authority and influence over the boy to coerce him into sexual activity. The charges carry a potential sentence of up to 20 years in prison and a maximum fine of $30,000. Ferguson was held in the Houston County Jail on a $60,000 bond. She is due to appear in court on June 23. The allegations have stunned residents of Dothan, where Ferguson is known as a well-respected member of the community. Many have expressed shock and disbelief at the charges against her. "This is a complete shock to all of us who know her," said one neighbor, who asked not to be identified. "She's always been so kind and generous to everyone she meets. None of us can believe that she would do something like this." The case is currently under investigation by the Dothan Police Department and the Houston County Sheriff's Office. Anyone with information related to the case is urged to come forward and speak with authorities.