article: (CNN) -- Three-time Indianapolis 500 winner Dario Franchitti announced his retirement Thursday, a month after a devastating crash in Houston, where he suffered head and spinal injuries. In a statement released through his team, Target Chip Ganassi Racing, Franchitti said he made the decision to stop racing based on the advice of doctors who have treated and assessed his injuries. "They have made it very clear that the risks involved in further racing are too great and could be detrimental to my long term well-being. Based on this medical advice, I have no choice but to stop," he said. "Racing has been my life for over 30 years and it's really tough to think that the driving side is now over. "I was really looking forward to the 2014 season with Target Chip Ganassi Racing, with a goal of winning a fourth Indianapolis 500 and a fifth IndyCar Series championship." Franchitti suffered a concussion in the wreck as well as fractures to his spine and ankle. The wreck occurred in the last lap of IndyCar's Grand Prix of Houston on October 6, when Japanese driver Takuma Sato bumped Franchitti's car, sending it airborne into the protective fencing. The car spun multiple times against the fence, sending shards of debris flying toward the grandstands and shearing off part of its side. Thirteen spectators were also hurt during the crash. The Scotland native won IndyCar racing's top prize in 2012, 2010 and 2007. Franchitti ends his career with 31 IndyCar wins and 33 starts in the No. 1 position. "I'll forever look back on my time racing in CART and the IndyCar Series with fond memories and the relationships I've forged in the sport will last a lifetime," he said. "Hopefully in time, I'll be able to continue in some off-track capacity with the IndyCar Series. I love open-wheel racing and I want to see it succeed." Franchitti was married to actress Ashley Judd for more than 11 years, but the couple announced in January that they were splitting up.
highlights: Dario Franchitti was injured in a crash on October 6 at the Grand Prix of Houston . Franchitti, 40, suffered a concussion as well as fractures to his spine and ankle . Based on medical advice, he says he has "no choice but to stop" Franchitti ends his career with 31 IndyCar wins and 33 starts in the No. 1 pole position .
id: c948920cd3dde6dda8767bafc8173c0c37127430
chatgpt: Former IndyCar driver Dario Franchitti has been forced to retire due to injuries sustained during a crash at the Grand Prix of Houston on October 6th. Franchitti, a four-time IndyCar champion, suffered a concussion, fractures to his spine and ankle, and had to undergo surgery to repair the damage. Since the accident, Franchitti received medical advice to stop racing, and on Thursday, he announced his retirement. "I was really hoping that I would be able to continue my career until the end of the season and, maybe, beyond," said Franchitti. "But, unfortunately, the doctors advised me that the risks involved in racing are just too great, and that I have no choice but to stop." Franchitti, who turned 40 in May, is considered one of the greatest IndyCar drivers of all time, with 31 wins and 33 starts in the No. 1 pole position. He won the IndyCar championship four times, in 2007, 2009, 2010, and 2011. The crash that ended his career happened on the final lap of the Grand Prix of Houston, as Franchitti tried to avoid a car that had spun out in front of him. He hit the wall, flipped into the air, and landed heavily on the track. He was rushed to hospital, where he underwent surgery to treat his injuries. Franchitti's retirement comes as a shock to the IndyCar world, with many fans and fellow drivers expressing their sadness at the news. "Dario Franchitti is a legend," said Chip Ganassi, Franchitti's former team owner. "He's won four championships, the Indy 500 three times, and he's one of the most talented drivers I've ever worked with. It's sad to see him retire, but it's the right decision for his health and safety." For his part, Franchitti said that while he's sad to leave the sport he loves, he's also grateful for the years he spent racing. "I've had an incredible career, and I'm so lucky to have been a part of this amazing sport," he said. "I want to thank my fans, my team, and everyone who supported me over the years. I couldn't have done it without you."