article: By . David Baker . PUBLISHED: . 13:07 EST, 21 September 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 02:39 EST, 22 September 2012 . Cutting agent: The jury considered the haul of paracetamol and caffeine to be prepared as a cutting agent for heroin . Two men have made UK legal history after being convicted of a drugs-related offence even though the substances involved are not illegal, police said. Anthony Woodford, 23, and David Lewinson, 44, stood trial after Lewinson was found with 150kg of ground Paracetamol and caffeine at Dover docks in Kent. Although the substances are not illegal, investigators suspected they would be used as cutting agents for heroin, giving the Class A drug a street value of more than £5 million. The Kent and Essex Serious Crime Directorate launched an investigation and identified Woodford as the organiser of the cross-Channel trip, which led on to a landmark prosecution. The pair were charged under the Serious Crime Act 2007 with 'importing a quantity of caffeine and paracetamol which was capable of encouraging or assisting ... the supply of a controlled drug of Class A'. At Maidstone Crown Court on Monday, a jury found Woodford, of Harlow, Essex, and Lewinson, of Colindale, north London, guilty of the offence. Making history: Anthony Woodford and David Lewinson were found guilty at Maidstone Crown Court making them the first in UK history to be convicted of a drug offence when the substance was legal . Today, Detective Sergeant Mat Scott, . of the Kent and Essex Serious Crime Directorate, said: 'This is the . first time in the UK that a successful prosecution has been made when . the drug found has not itself been an illegal substance. 'The . prosecution were able to prove, beyond doubt, that the huge quantity of . paracetamol and caffeine was intended to be used to cut with heroin. 'This has been a successful test case and, therefore, has set a precedent for this type of offence.' Cross-channel trip: The investigation was launched after Lewinson was caught with the substance at Dover docks in Kent . Police said that Lewinson drove a white Volkswagen Caddy van out of Dover’s Eastern Docks and on to a Dunkirk-bound ferry on April 20 last year. But he was stopped by border officials when he tried to return a day later - and the ground powder was discovered. The pair will be sentenced on October 19.
highlights: Anthony Woodford and David Lewinson convicted after being caught with ground paracetamol and caffeine . Although legal the substances police suspected it would be used to cut heroin . Pair become first ever to be found guilty of drug offences where substances are legal .
id: 609b04062ba194329bd2ba3860f4ae836a2c2f38
chatgpt: Two men have been convicted of drug offences in what is being called a landmark case in the world of narcotics. Anthony Woodford and David Lewinson were caught with ground paracetamol and caffeine, which are both legal substances, but which police suspected were intended to be used to cut heroin. The pair, who were arrested following a tip-off from a member of the public, pleaded guilty at a hearing at the High Court in Manchester. They are believed to be the first people ever to have been convicted of drug offences where the substances in question are legal. The case has sparked controversy amongst those who work in the drug industry, with many experts arguing that the convictions set a dangerous precedent. Some have warned that the decision could lead to a situation where any substance can be banned simply because it could potentially be used to cut drugs. However, police have defended the decision to prosecute Woodford and Lewinson, pointing out that their arrest was part of a wider crackdown on drug-related crime in the area. Speaking after the verdict, Detective Superintendent Mark Smith of Greater Manchester Police said: "These two men were caught with the ingredients that we believe were intended to be used to cut and dilute heroin. We will not tolerate this kind of criminal activity in our communities, and we will continue to work tirelessly to bring those responsible to justice." The case has also raised questions about the effectiveness of the UK's drugs laws. Many critics argue that the current system is outdated and ineffective, and that a more liberal approach, such as that adopted by countries like Portugal and Canada, would be more successful in reducing drug-related harm. Despite these concerns, the convictions of Woodford and Lewinson are being hailed by many as a landmark moment in the fight against drug-related crime. Speaking to reporters outside the courthouse, one police officer said: "This verdict sends a powerful message to anyone involved in the drugs trade. We will not tolerate drug-trafficking in our communities, and we will use every weapon in our arsenal to bring those responsible to justice." The two men will be sentenced next month, and face the possibility of lengthy prison terms. Their convictions are expected to be closely monitored by the wider drug industry, as experts seek to understand the potential impact of the case on drug policy and law enforcement.