article: The dissection of Barcelona continues in the Spanish press, with Gerard Pique, Sergio Busquets and Andres Iniesta the main targets of Sport. Their 3-1 loss against Real Madrid has not been out of the newspapers in Spain since, and this headline reads: 'Luis Enrique expected more of them.' Sport also explain the problem of each player after the El Clasico defeat: . The dissection of Barcelona continues in the Spanish press with newspaper Sport dedicating their front page . Spanish newspaper Marca say Toni Kroos has been acting as the 'GPS' for Real Madrid. His performance against Barcelona at the Bernabeu saw the midfielder 'dazzle' and the German's 94 per cent pass accuracy has been hailed by those in Spain. Interestingly, Marca add: 'Ancelotti unsettled him when explaining what he wanted: he wasn’t expecting to play so deep.' If that's Kroos playing unsettled, then the former Bayern Munich star can go far at the Bernabeu. Spanish newspaper Marca say German midfielder Toni Kroos has been acting as the 'GPS' for Real Madrid . Over to Italy, and Tuttosport quote Zinedine Zidane as saying: '(Paul) Pogba is like me.' Look away now Sir Alex Ferguson, because those in Italy believe the former Manchester United player has the potential to become the best in the world. Even Pogba himself believes it. 'Yes, I dream of being the best in the world,' he says. Tuttosport quote Zinedine Zidane as saying '(Paul) Pogba is like me' and that he can be the world's best . Spanish newspaper Mundo Deportivo report that Barcelona manager Enrique has demanded 'more pressure' from his host of stars at the Nou Camp. Their 'top secret' report explains that 'the coach must return to his original exciting project'. AS, on the other hand, focus on Real and their 'goal feast' from Cristiano Ronaldo and Co. Spanish newspapers Mundo Deportivo (left) and AS (right) report on Barcelona and Real Madrid separately .
highlights: Barcelona lost 3-1 against Real Madrid at the Bernabeu in El Clasico . Spanish newspapers have been criticising performance of Barcelona . Here, Sportsmail round up the best of foreign newspapers' front pages . Pique - he 'failed to take the lead of the defence'. Busquets - he covered 'less space for their physical problems'. Iniesta - he 'still does not fit the profile that you want' technically.
id: 7974c1916f107bec6792230d4e5609d34fc31459
chatgpt: Barcelona suffered a 3-1 defeat against arch-rivals Real Madrid at the Bernabeu in Sunday's El Clasico fixture. The loss has left the Catalan giants reeling, with the Spanish media heavily criticising their performance. Spanish newspapers have been quick to condemn Barcelona's display, with many claiming that a number of players failed to deliver on the day. According to Spanish daily Sport, Gerard Pique's leadership of the defence was called into question. The paper claims that the Spanish international "failed to take the lead of the defence" and as a result, Barcelona was overrun at the back. Sport goes on to argue that Pique's lack of organisation was a key factor in the defeat. Meanwhile, Sergio Busquets has been singled out for his lack of effectiveness in the midfield. Spanish outlet Marca claims that Busquets "covered less space for their physical problems", meaning that Barcelona was unable to control the game in the middle of the park. Despite Busquets being one of the best defensive midfielders in the world, the Spanish media was critical of his performance in Sunday's El Clasico. Another player that has come under fire is Andres Iniesta. The Spanish midfielder was criticised for his failure to fit into the tactical demands of the game. The Spanish daily AS reports that "Iniesta still does not fit the profile that you want technically", meaning that his ability on the ball was not enough to help Barcelona break down Real Madrid's defence. Despite the criticism, Barcelona still has plenty to play for this season. With the likes of Lionel Messi, Luis Suarez and Neymar in their ranks, they are still in with a chance of winning the league and making a deep run in the Champions League. However, they will need to quickly address the issues that led to their defeat in El Clasico if they are to achieve their goals. In conclusion, Barcelona's defeat to Real Madrid has been met with widespread criticism from the Spanish media. Pique, Busquets, and Iniesta have all been singled out for their poor performances, with each of them failing to meet the standards expected of them. It remains to be seen how Barcelona will respond to this setback, but they will need to do so quickly if they are to achieve their objectives this season.