article: David Cameron today vowed to turn England's northern cities into 'powerhouses' like US giants Los Angeles, Chicago and Atlanta. The Prime Minister wants Manchester, Sheffield, Leeds and Liverpool to work together to match London and compete with other global cities. He said the country should be less reliant on London and more like the US, which has several 'major centres of industry' other than New York. 'We can only have a strong British economy if no part of the country is left behind,' Mr Cameron said. David Cameron and George Osborne want to turn Manchester (left) into Britain's equivalent of LA (right) Mr Cameron made the remarks on a two-day tour of the North West with George Osborne to promote the idea of a 'northern powerhouse'. He said: 'In the USA they've got major centres of industry not just in New York but in Los Angeles, Chicago, Houston, Atlanta. 'That is what we should aspire to in the UK: economic might not just held in one city but spread right across our country.' Downing Street said that in 2013 the North West had the joint fastest growth in output per head in the UK and has seen an average of 200 more people in employment per day over the past year. Mr Cameron is due to say: 'We need a strong London, but we need a northern powerhouse too. 'The top 600 cities in the world contain just 20 per cent of global population but create 60 per cent of global GDP. 'When you get that critical mass of people it amplifies jobs and ideas and businesses. The cities and towns of the north of England can have that critical mass. 'If we join them together as a team and let them pool their strengths, if we back their scientists and innovators, if we back their thriving cultural life, make them great places to live and give them powerful elected voices, then we can create a northern powerhouse'. The downtown Los Angeles skyline (left), pictured with snow capped San Gabriel mountains in the background, should serve as an inspiration to Sheffield (right) Chicago is one of the United States' biggest and wealthiest cities. The Government believes the great northern cities of England have the potential to match Chicago's success . Mr Osborne said a growing north-south divide 'is not inevitable, it is not something we should accept; it is instead something we have in our power to overcome'. He said: 'Rebalancing our national economy, ensuring that the economic future of the north is as bright, if not brighter, than other parts of the UK, is the ambition we should set ourselves. 'We achieve that not by pulling down our capital city, or diminishing its success. Having one of the greatest global cities on earth, located two hundred miles to our south, should be an asset, not a weakness.'
highlights: The PM wants England's northern cities to work together to match London . He said Manchester, Sheffield and Leeds could match  other global cities . Britain should be less 'reliant' on London and more like the US, he added .
id: c696e73acbcb901735df23efba24c237eb5fac99
chatgpt: In a bid to decentralize the UK's economy, the Prime Minister has called for northern cities such as Manchester, Sheffield, and Leeds to work together to match London's economy. Speaking on his recent visit to Manchester, the Prime Minister emphasized the need for the country to become less reliant on London and more like the United States, where cities such as New York and Los Angeles are major economic hubs. According to the Prime Minister, England's northern cities have the potential to match other global cities, provided they work together. He cited Manchester's vibrant tech industry, Sheffield's strong manufacturing sector, and Leeds' growing financial services industry as examples of the individual strengths of each city. However, he emphasized that to truly rival London, these cities must complement each other's strengths and work together to create an attractive business environment. "The competition is no longer between countries, but between cities," said the Prime Minister. "We need to create an environment in which businesses can thrive and create jobs. The Northern Powerhouse can be a reality, but only if these cities work together." The Northern Powerhouse is a government initiative to promote economic growth in the north of England. The program aims to improve transport links, create jobs, and attract investment to the region. However, critics have argued that the program has not lived up to expectations, with funding cuts and delays to infrastructure projects. The Prime Minister's call for collaboration between northern cities has been welcomed by business leaders and politicians alike. The Mayor of Greater Manchester, Andy Burnham, said that he welcomed the Prime Minister's recognition of the need for northern cities to work together. "The Northern Powerhouse is about more than just improving transport links," said Burnham. "It's about creating a collective identity and sense of purpose for the north of England. We have individual strengths, but by working together we can truly rival London." The Prime Minister's speech comes at a time when the UK's economy is facing uncertainty due to Brexit. Many businesses have expressed concerns about the potential impact of leaving the EU on their operations, and there are fears of a possible recession. The Prime Minister's call for northern cities to work together could provide a boost to the UK's economy by creating new jobs and attracting investment. However, some have criticized the Prime Minister for neglecting other regions of the country. The south-west of England, for example, has a significant tourism industry, but has not received the same level of attention as the north in terms of government initiatives. Despite these criticisms, there is no denying the potential of England's northern cities. With a combined population of over 11 million people, and a wealth of talent and resources, these cities have the potential to be major economic players in the years to come. The Prime Minister's call for collaboration between these cities is a step in the right direction, but much work remains to be done to make the Northern Powerhouse a reality.