article: (CNN) -- Russia provided both women's singles finalists at the 2008 Olympic tennis competition, but only one will make it through to the title match at London 2012. Maria Sharapova set up a semifinal showdown with compatriot Maria Kirilenko after overcoming fellow former world No. 1 Kim Clijsters on Thursday. The French Open champion triumphed 6-2 7-5 to end the Belgian's hopes of a first major championship on the hallowed grass of Wimbledon before she retires for a second time at the end of this year. "It's a nice experience every time you go out on Centre Court so I'm happy to say that my last match at Wimbledon was on Centre Court," the 29-year-old Clijsters said. Sharapova completed her collection of grand slam titles by winning the French Open in June, and Russia's first female flag bearer now has the chance to secure a "Golden Slam." "I was just really happy that I was able to step up in terms of the way that I played compared to previous matches," she said. Men's big three set for Olympic showdown . Kirilenko, seeded 14th, upset last year's Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova 7-6 (7-3) 6-3 to reach the last four of a top event for the first time in her career. The 25-year-old -- a Wimbledon quarterfinalist last month -- also has a chance to earn a podium place in the women's doubles, reaching the semifinals with Nadia Petrova. The Russians beat China's Peng Shuai and Zheng Jie (7-5 6-7(7-9) 6-4. Serena Williams can also win double gold, which her older sister Venus achieved at Sydney 2000, as she seeks the only major title to elude her so far. The American faces a rematch of her Wimbledon semifinal against world No. 1 Victoria Azarenka after overpowering eighth seed Caroline Wozniacki 6-0 6-3. "I love playing Victoria," said the 14-time grand slam singles winner, who holds an 8-1 career advantage over the Belorussian. "I have nothing to lose. She is world No.1. That's what I love, playing when there's no pressure. It will be fun." Venus Williams exits Olympic singles tournament . Azarenka beat Venus' conqueror Angelique Kerber, battling to a 6-4 7-5 win over the German seventh seed -- whose 48 match wins this year is the most on the WTA Tour. "We had the longest rallies. At one point I just couldn't believe when it was going to be over during the point," Azarenka said. Defending champions Serena and Venus are also through to the women's doubles semifinals, where they will face Kirilenko and Petrova following Thursday's 6-1 6-1 romp against Italian second seeds Sara Errani and Roberta Vinci. The Americans beat the Russians on the way to winning the Wimbledon title for the fifth time. The other semifinal will be between top-ranked Americans Liezl Huber and Lisa Raymond and Czech fourth seeds Andrea Hlavackova and Lucie Hradecka, the runners-up at Wimbledon.
highlights: Maria Sharapova to play fellow Russian Maria Kirilenko in semifinals at Olympics . Sharapova beats Kim Clijsters while her compatriot upsets sixth seed Petra Kvitova . The other semifinal will be between world No. 1 Victoria Azarenka and Serena Williams . Williams and Kirilenko both also made it through to the women's doubles semifinals .
id: ecaf4821918286a4c19f2556513c57a7ff8a6519
chatgpt: Russian tennis player Maria Sharapova is all set to play against her compatriot Maria Kirilenko in the semifinals at the  2012 London Olympics. Sharapova defeated Kim Clijsters to book her spot in the semifinals while Kirilenko managed to upset sixth-seeded Petra Kvitova in a thrilling encounter. Sharapova, who had previously struggled on grass and had not won a match at Wimbledon since 2010, seemed to have found her form as she made her way to the semifinals. The former world number one was impressive as she took on Kim Clijsters, who was playing her final tournament before retirement. Sharapova showed no mercy as she dominated the match, winning 6-2, 7-5 to book her spot in the semifinals. Meanwhile, Maria Kirilenko pulled off a big upset as she overcame the sixth seed Petra Kvitova in a tense encounter. The two players were evenly matched, but Kirilenko managed to edge ahead in the key moments to win the match 7-6(3), 6-3. The win was a massive boost for Kirilenko, who had not gone beyond the first round in her previous Olympic appearances. In the other semifinal, world number one Victoria Azarenka will take on Serena Williams. The two players are considered to be the favorites to win the gold medal and are both in great form. Azarenka has been in fantastic form this year, winning the Australian Open and reaching the final of the Wimbledon Championships just a few weeks ago. Serena Williams, on the other hand, has been in sensational form recently, winning her fifth Wimbledon title and clinching the Stanford title just last week. Apart from the singles event, Serena Williams and Maria Kirilenko also made it through to the women's doubles semifinals. The two players have been partnered together since January and have been in great form throughout the tournament. They defeated the Russian pair of Nadia Petrova and Maria Kirilenko 7-5, 6-3 to book their spot in the semifinals. The semifinals of the women's tennis event at the 2012 London Olympics are expected to be closely contested affairs. While Sharapova and Kirilenko both have had to fight hard to make it this far, the experience of playing at the highest level should hold them in good stead. Azarenka and Williams, on the other hand, will be looking to continue their recent run of good form and book their spot in the gold medal match. Overall, the women's tennis event at the 2012 London Olympics has been a huge success so far, with some of the world's top players competing against each other. The semifinals are sure to provide some thrilling moments for tennis fans all over the world.