article: By . Ellie Zolfagharifard . PUBLISHED: . 08:24 EST, 24 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 08:25 EST, 24 October 2013 . Microgravity is a tricky business. A tiny push at a skewed angle can send an astronaut floating off in the wrong direction. Even a single strand of hair can be enough to propel a body away from a surface, as Nasa astronaut Karen Nyberg recently demonstrated. In a video created to explain the effects of weightlessness, Nyberg used one strand of her own hair to send herself tumbling away from a wall of the International Space Station (ISS). Scroll down for videos... Even a single strand of hair can be enough to propel a body away from a surface, as Nasa astronaut Karen Nyberg recently demonstrated . Nyberg said that the experiment came about following a conversation fellow astronaut Cady Coleman had with Sandra Bullock, star of the film space thriller ‘Gravity.’ ‘One of the things she told her about was how little effort it took to move around in microgravity,’ said Nyberg, who has been at the ISS since May. ‘She even told her that you could take a human hair and use it stretched out to push against a wall or a handrail – and it really takes that little effort.’ Veteran astronaut Catherine 'Cady' Coleman floated some ideas about how Bullock could portray an astronaut for blockbuster Gravity . ‘Since I have the resources, I thought I would give it a try,’ added Nyberg in a video posted by Nasa. After plucking one hair, she pressed it against an ISS handrail and fell backwards in slow motion. Bullock sought tips for portraying microgravity from Coleman, who’s logged more than 4,330 hours in space aboard the Space Shuttle Columbia and the International Space Station. Coleman wouldn’t be qualified to talk about the terror of floating off into space, as luckily she’s never experienced it. But she was able to field Bullock’s questions about how it feels to be an astronaut. In a video created to explain the effects of weightlessness, Karen Nyberg used one strand of her own hair to send herself tumbling away from a wall of the International Space Station (pictured) She told collectSPACE: ‘She wanted to know about what it is like to physically live up there and physically move around. ‘“What would you do with your hands? With your feet? What would be a natural position to work? How often do you see your crewmates? Where do you meet each other?" It was those kinds of things.’ Coleman has seen the trailer to Gravity and describes the scene where Dr Stone is sent spinning into the void as sensationalism, but admitted to collectSPACE that the film is valuable as it portrays 'real people, including women, doing a difficult job'.
highlights: Karen Nyberg wanted to show how little effort it takes to move in space . Video shows how, after plucking one hair and pressing it against an ISS handrail, Nyberg tumbles backwards in slow motion . Experiment was inspired by a conversation fellow astronaut Cady Coleman had with Sandra Bullock, star of the film space thriller ‘Gravity’
id: b59d8887f8bc17adcf72c1fa4b9f1ffdfb85a6a1
chatgpt: NASA astronaut Karen Nyberg has recently released a video showing just how little effort it takes to move in space. The experiment involved Nyberg plucking a single hair from her head and pressing it against a handrail on the International Space Station (ISS). The result was astonishing, as Nyberg tumbled backwards in slow motion.  The video was inspired by a conversation fellow astronaut Cady Coleman had with Sandra Bullock, star of the space thriller 'Gravity'. During the conversation, Bullock expressed how difficult it was to move around in a spacesuit while filming for the movie. This conversation sparked interest in Nyberg, who wanted to demonstrate how effortless movement can be in space. In the video, Nyberg can be seen holding the hair against the handrail before letting go. As soon as she released the hair, she started to tumble slowly backwards. The video was posted on Twitter with the caption, "A strand of hair + a drop of water = big #RippleEffect on @Space_Station. #STEMonStation." The experiment serves as a reminder that movements in space can be very different from those on Earth. In microgravity, objects do not have any weight or resistance, so a small movement can easily lead to a larger action. Nyberg's experiment is not just awe-inspiring but also serves a greater purpose. It highlights the importance of STEM education, which encourages students to pursue careers in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics. The video intends to inspire young students to think about the possibilities of studying such subjects and eventually contribute to the field of space research. Karen Nyberg is no stranger to space travel. She first flew to the ISS in 2008 as a mission specialist aboard the Space Shuttle Discovery. In 2013, she returned to the ISS as a flight engineer and completed a 166-day mission in space. Nyberg has been influential in inspiring future astronauts and scientists. In conclusion, Karen Nyberg's experiment is a reminder that even the smallest movements in space can have significant consequences. The video highlights the extraordinary conditions that astronauts face while in space and serves as a tool to promote STEM education. Nyberg's work is essential in encouraging the younger generation to get involved in space research and lead the way in the future of space exploration.