article: Crying off: McAvoy admitted to feigning upset during an audition . When James McAvoy wanted to cry off from an audition, that’s exactly what he did – literally. The X-Men star has admitted he once pretended a friend had been hurt in a car crash, and then burst into fake tears to cut short a disastrous try-out for a new film. McAvoy, 35, now one of Britain’s most acclaimed stars, admitted: ‘My agent suggested something that she thought was going to be great for me. 'I needed to learn songs and to play the guitar. ‘I said, “No problem,” but the day came and I was rubbish at all of that. 'I stood in front of them and thought, “I’ve got to get out of this,” so I started to cry and said, “I’ve just had a phone call. My mate has been knocked down, he’s at the hospital and I have to go.” ’ The star, who found fame in the Channel 4 series Shameless before being cast as the fawn Mr Tumnus in 2005 film The Lion, The Witch And The Wardrobe, confessed to his deception on BBC TV’s Graham Norton Show. McAvoy said: ‘If they [the producers] are watching this they will be thinking, “We really believed him and he is a b******!” ‘I am sorry for that.’ The actor is due to star in a new stage production of The Ruling Class at the Trafalgar Studios in London’s West End. McAvoy’s credits include the acclaimed 2007 adaptation of Atonement with Keira Knightley, Wanted opposite Angelina Jolie as well as 2013 comedy drama Filth. He is married to the celebrated actress Anne-Marie Duff who he met when they were both starring in Shameless. Despite his Hollywood successes, the pair live a modest life, reportedly still driving their 1990s Nissan Micra. The couple are rarely seen at parties, choosing instead to read or do Sudoku puzzles together. The actor has described his lifestyle as ‘mundane’, saying: ‘I love it that way.’ He has landed the title role in new film Victor Frankenstein. Harry Potter star Daniel Radcliffe is to play the scientist’s assistant, Igor. The actor has already appeared on The Graham Norton Show before. Above, he is joined by Hugh Jackman and Michael Fassbender .
highlights: The actor admitted to inventing a story to cut a bad audition short . Made confession during appearance on Graham Norton Show .
id: b1dad318d5882ee7979add1911dfb46e25a1c26e
chatgpt: During his appearance on the Graham Norton Show, actor Ben Stiller made a shocking confession. The 52-year-old star admitted to inventing a fake story to cut a bad audition short. Stiller revealed how he spun a tale about his grandmother dying just so he could escape an uncomfortable audition.  Stiller spoke openly about the experience, "I had a really bad audition once. It was one of those things where I couldn't quite get out of my head, and I wasn't relaxed. So I started to tell a story about my grandmother who just died, and it got sadder and sadder. Then they started to look at each other and feel really sorry for me. Finally, I said, 'Maybe I should go now,' and they said, 'Yes, maybe you should.'" The audience was left in stunned silence after Stiller's revelation. The actor openly admitted that he had no idea what had come over him, and that he had never tried to use the ploy again. In Hollywood, actors are often subjected to intense auditions and rejections. Needless to say, it's a highly competitive industry, and some aspiring actors can experience high levels of stress and anxiety during auditions. Stiller's experience is not uncommon, and many actors will do almost anything to escape from bad auditions. During his Graham Norton Show appearance, Stiller was also promoting his latest movie, "Brad's Status." In the film, Stiller plays a middle-aged dad having a midlife crisis. The film explores themes of aging, success and failure, and the pressure of modern-day parenting.  Stiller's confession has caused a stir in the entertainment industry. Some actors have applauded his honesty, arguing that it's refreshing to know that even Hollywood stars get nervous and make mistakes from time to time. Others, however, have criticized the actor, arguing that his ploy was dishonest and unprofessional. Regardless of the reaction, Stiller has surely made headlines with his surprising confession. The actor has been a fixture in Hollywood for over 30 years, appearing in such hit comedies as "Meet the Parents," "There's Something About Mary," and "Zoolander." His performance in "Brad's Status" has also been highly praised, with some predicting that he may receive awards recognition for the role. Only time will tell whether Stiller's confession will harm or help his career. Nonetheless, the actor's honesty is a refreshing reminder that even in show business, sometimes it's best to just be honest and admit when you've made a mistake.