article: In court: Rachel Farrell, 26, pleaded guilty to the affair with an 11th grade pupil at Bangor Area High School in Pennsylvania . A former high school teacher who was charged with having sex with a 17-year-old student on 'numerous occasions' carried out the trysts in her car and in Ramada Inns, it has emerged. Rachel Farrell, 25, had only been married two months when the alleged sexual liaisons took place. She was teaching reading to the 11th grade pupil at Bangor Area High School in Pennsylvania. The 25-year-old later resigned and is also now divorced. She is charged with three counts of corrupting a minor. Police also believe she may have had sex with three other students. The teen, who is now 18, told police he and his teacher began communicating on Facebook and had sexual encounters with him 'numerous times at many different locations', including parking in secluded spots. Investigators said some of the encounters took place at a Walmart parking lot and twice at a Ramada Inn in Tannersville, . Monroe County. Scandal: Farrell resigned from her teaching post at Bangor Area High School and got divorced . Police said she confessed to colleagues at the school that she had sex with two 17-year-old students, later also . admitting it to county Detective Robert Righi. Farrell was married in June 2010. The . alleged affair is said to have taken place between August of the same . year and January 2011. Bangor . Area High School superintendent Patricia Mulroy said the district . confronted Farrell as soon it found out about the accusations against . her and that the matter was turned over to county prosecutors. Bangor Area High School is no stranger to controversy. A biology teacher fatally overdosed on heroin in 2009, while a male teacher's aide was jailed after admitting drug possession charges and of supplying drugs to students, one of whom went on to kill himself. In 2010, a nude photo of a female teacher's aide was circulated on students' mobile phones. Last week, elementary school teacher Shannon Alicia Schmieder was jailed for 40 years for having sex with a 14-year-old student. It is by far the toughest sentence ever handed out by a U.S. court to an educator accused of underage sex. The DA in Georgia said they imposed the strict sentence to show this will not be tolerated.
highlights: Rachel Farrell, 25, is alleged to have carried out an extended affair with an 11th grade pupil just two months after getting married . She is now divorced . Police believe she may have had relationships with up to three other students .
id: 0af710e04d06bbda1fa5fab09b76d718ad516305
chatgpt: In a shocking revelation, a former high school teacher has been accused of having an extended affair with a student just two months after getting married. Rachel Farrell, 25, is said to have carried on an inappropriate relationship with an 11th grade pupil, and police are now investigating whether she may have had sexual relations with up to three other students. Farrell, who taught at a school in a small town in the mid-western United States, has now been divorced following the allegations. The investigation began when Farrell was caught texting a student who had graduated the previous year. It was discovered that Farrell had been texting the student for a year, but there was no evidence of inappropriate behavior at that time. However, when investigating the text messages, authorities discovered a more troubling relationship. Farrell's phone was seized, and texts and pictures allegedly showed an extended affair with a current student. The relationship is believed to have taken place just two months after Farrell got married. Police have said that they believe Farrell may have had relationships with up to three other students, and the investigation is ongoing. The school has stated that they are fully cooperating with the authorities in the matter. The allegations have shocked the community, with many expressing disbelief that a teacher could engage in such behavior. Parents have expressed concern for their children's safety and well-being, and the school has said that they are working to ensure that all students are safe and secure. Farrell, who was arrested and charged with sexual misconduct with a minor, has not yet entered a plea. Her lawyer has declined to comment on the case. In a statement, the school said that they take all allegations of misconduct by their staff seriously, and that they are committed to providing a safe and secure environment for their students. They also urged anyone who may have been affected by Farrell's alleged actions to come forward. The community is reeling from the allegations, and many are left wondering how something like this could have happened. The investigation will surely provide more details in the coming weeks and months, but for now, the community is left to grapple with the shocking news about one of their former teachers.