article: By . Zoe Szathmary for MailOnline . San Antonio police are looking for the crook who broke into a veteran's truck and took his iPod. On Thursday, someone snatched Staff Sgt. Ben Eberle's iPod Touch - which includes an application that is specifically wired to let him use his prosthetic hand, San Antonio Express-News reported. '[Getting a new prosthetic hand and iPod configured to work together] takes a long time,' Eberle told the newspaper. 'It's tedious and it's a lot of work with the hand itself.' Veteran: U.S. Army Staff Sgt. Ben Eberle is seen in this 2011 file photo. Eberle lost his right hand and both of his legs because of a bomb explosion . Speaking about the robbery, Eberele also said 'I was pissed. I threw my blanket off and I wanted to just get up and run out the door, but I had to get my wheelchair.' The Eberles told the newspaper that the thief unsuccessfully attempted to yank the soldier's stereo. Three years ago, Eberle lost both his right hand and both of his legs in Afghanistan because of a bomb explosion, the newspaper reported. 'They didn't know if I was going to make it,' he told San Antonio Express-News. Missing: Police said the missing iPod Touch would have a case not unlike this one . Hand: The San Antonio Police Department shared this photograph on Facebook of Eberle's prosthetic hand . 'I believe that we owe guys like this a lot more than this sort of treatment, as a society,' San Antonio Police Department spokesman Sgt. Javier Salazar told San Antonio Express-News. 'We would ask that whoever did this recognize the gravity of their crime and do the right thing.' Eberle maintained in a Facebook post the Veterans Administration is able to cover a replacement hand and that he and his wife 'don't need help getting anything.' 'I can turn in my hand to the VA like I told them and do a 1 for 1 swap,' he wrote. 'I'm just pissed that someone smashed my window open, that's all. They just wanted another story about a wounded warrior.' On Facebook, the police department wrote that 'Crimestoppers could pay up to $5000 for information.' Crimestoppers can be reached at (210) 224-STOP.
highlights: On Thursday, a crook broke into Staff Sgt. Ben Eberle's truck and took his iPod Touch . The iPod Touch includes an application that is specifically wired to let him use his prosthetic hand . Three years ago, Eberle lost both his right hand and both of his legs in Afghanistan because of a bomb explosion . San Antonio police have said they are offering as much as $5,000 for anyone who can help find the iPod Touch .
id: 01282afa9e88a59ddfc250f3f74958871c2bf9e4
chatgpt: A heartbreaking incident occurred on Thursday when a crook broke into Staff Sgt. Ben Eberle's truck and stole his much-needed iPod Touch. This device is more than just a music player for Eberle, as it is specifically wired to enable him to use his prosthetic hand. Three years ago, he lost both his right hand and both his legs in Afghanistan due to a bomb explosion. The iPod Touch has been customized according to Eberle's specific needs, and without it, he faces significant challenges in his daily life. Speaking about the theft, Eberle expressed his disappointment and shared that the device is worth more than just its monetary value. San Antonio police have been informed of the theft and taken swift action. They have announced a reward of up to $5,000 for anyone who can provide information that will help locate the stolen device. The public is encouraged to come forward with any information that could assist in the recovery of the iPod Touch. Eberle's story has touched many people who are now rallying around him to help him find the stolen device. Social media platforms have been bursting with posts of support, prayers, and well-wishes for the brave soldier. Supporters are spreading the word and hoping that the thief will have a change of heart and return the device to Eberle. Many people have expressed their outrage at the person who committed such a callous act, believing that stealing from a veteran who has already suffered so much is beyond reproach. For someone who has served their country with such honor and bravery, it is unfathomable that someone would show such disrespect towards an injured veteran. Eberle's story is a reminder of the sacrifices made by soldiers to protect their country and its citizens. Our hearts go out to him and his loved ones during this difficult time of losing a device that had become indispensable for him. The search for Eberle's stolen iPod Touch continues, and the public is urged to come forward with any information that could help with his recovery. We join the police and the public in hoping for a positive outcome and that Eberle will soon be reunited with his much-valued device.