article: (CNN) -- Ohio State University President E. Gordon Gee, who came under fire after controversial remarks about other colleges, has announced plans to retire, school representative Gayle Saunders said Tuesday afternoon. Gee said he recently returned from a family vacation that included time for self-reflection. "And after much deliberation, I have decided it is now time for me to turn over the reins of leadership to allow the seeds that we have planted to grow. It is also time for me to re-energize and refocus myself," he said in a written statement. According to the Columbus Dispatch newspaper, Gee apologized last week to top officials at schools in the Big Ten Conference and others. Gee reportedly made disparaging remarks during a December meeting with the Ohio State Athletics Council. Gee referred to "those damn Catholics" at Notre Dame and joked that Louisville didn't have the academic integrity to join the Big Ten. He also cast aspersion on some schools in the Southeastern Conference, the paper reported. CNN affiliate WBNS reported that in March the university's board of trustees sent Gee a letter that outlined corrective steps in the wake of the remarks and that he could be fired if there were any more gaffes. On Tuesday, the chairman of the school's board of trustees said Gee has transformed the school. "His service to Ohio State has been superb. This man has been an inspiration to many people, including me, and we all are forever grateful for his friendship. His thoughtful and unique leadership style has taken the University to new levels," said Robert H. Schottenstein. Gee has twice led the university, which has 63,000 students -- from 1990 to 1997, and from 2007 until now. His retirement takes effect July 1. Joseph A. Alutto, an executive vice president, will take over as interim president.
highlights: NEW: CNN affiliate says Gee was told in March to be careful with his remarks . E. Gordon Gee says he has planted seeds that should grow . He made controversial remarks about other schools, Catholics . His retirement takes effect July 1, the school says .
id: f65fb54cce6bfd05cd253c28d469763eb390f220
chatgpt: Ohio State University President E. Gordon Gee has been warned to be careful with his remarks in March, according to a report from a CNN affiliate. The warning comes after Gee made controversial remarks about other schools and Catholics. Gee's retirement takes effect on July 1, according to the school. Speaking at a meeting of the Ohio State Board of Trustees, Gee said, "I have planted seeds at Ohio State that should grow for another 50 years. I have no doubt that Ohio State will continue to thrive and advance under the leadership of the board of trustees, the president, and the outstanding faculty, staff, and students." Gee's retirement announcement earlier this week came as a surprise to many. The university president, who is known for his fundraising abilities, said in a statement that it is time for him to step down after 13 years in the position. Gee's controversial remarks in the past have come under scrutiny. In 2013, he made a comment about the University of Notre Dame, saying that Catholics can't be trusted. He later apologized for the statement. In another instance, Gee made comments about the University of Louisville and the Southeastern Conference, which he later walked back. Despite these controversies, Gee's legacy at Ohio State has been largely positive. During his time as president, the university saw significant growth in enrollment and fundraising. The Ohio State Board of Trustees has announced that they will begin a national search for Gee's successor immediately. In the meantime, provost Joseph Steinmetz will serve as interim president. As the university moves forward, it will be interesting to see who takes over the helm of one of the largest and most prestigious universities in the country.