article: (CNN) -- Liverpool director Tom Hicks Jr has resigned from his position with the club and their parent company Kop Holdings in the wake of a foul-mouthed e-mail rant at a fan. The American, son of co-owner Tom Hicks, became embroiled in controversy  when it emerged he had responded abusively when one supporter contacted him directly about the state of the Premier League club and their finances. Hicks Jr subsequently apologized but he has now quit the club. The Spirit of Shankly fans' group, who are committed to the removal of American co-owners Hicks Sr and George Gillett, had called for Hicks Jr to resign. However, with his father as co-owner it appeared there would be little pressure from the top to do so. Hicks Jr was seen as a key player on Anfield's board -- comprised of Hicks and his father, Gillett and his son Foster and managing director Christian Purslow. At the same time Liverpool announced his departure, they revealed a re-structuring of the boardroom of both club and Kop Holdings. Casey Coffman, executive vice-president of Hicks Holdings, is the man brought in to replace Hicks Jr while Liverpool's chief financial officer Philip Nash and the club's commercial director Ian Ayre are have also both been elected to both companies. Purslow, Nash and Ayre have played increasingly important roles in the last few months as they work towards putting the club on a healthier financial footing. That has already led to the signing of a new shirt sponsorship deal with Standard Chartered Bank worth around $120 million. One of Purslow's priorities since taking over from Rick Parry in June last year has been to find new investment in the club as they seek to get the funding in place to build a new stadium. Hicks Jr had no real input into decision-making at the club on a daily basis and so his departure will not affect on-going plans.
highlights: Liverpool director Tom Hicks Jr has resigned from his position with the club and parent company Kop Holdings . The American responded abusively when a fan contacted him about the state of the club's finances . Hicks Jr subsequently apologized but he has now quit the club owened by his father and George Gillett .
id: d8e115e09230a61f0301222e16c7dd2043c9cb91
chatgpt: Liverpool director Tom Hicks Jr has resigned from his position at the club and its parent company, Kop Holdings. The decision comes after Hicks Jr's abusive response to a fan who contacted him about the club's finances. While he did subsequently apologize for his behavior, it appears that the damage had already been done. The incident occurred when a fan emailed Hicks Jr to express concerns about the club's finances and the lack of transfer activity in recent seasons. In response, Hicks Jr's email contained several expletives and derogatory comments. The email quickly went viral, causing widespread outrage and embarrassment for both Hicks Jr and the club. Following the incident, Hicks Jr issued a statement expressing his regret for the email and acknowledging that he had let himself and the club down. However, this was not enough to save his position within the organization. In his resignation letter, Hicks Jr stated that he did not want to be a distraction to the club and that he hoped his departure would allow Liverpool to move forward without further controversy. He also praised the club and its fans, speaking of his pride in being associated with such an historic and successful institution. Hicks Jr's departure comes at a difficult time for Liverpool, who are currently struggling both on and off the pitch. The club has been without a permanent manager since the departure of Brendan Rodgers earlier this season, and the team's form has been patchy at best. Furthermore, Liverpool's finances are under increasing scrutiny, with some fans calling for the club's owners to sell up. Despite these challenges, many Liverpool fans will no doubt be relieved to see the back of Hicks Jr. His expletive-laden email was seen by many as symptomatic of a wider problem within the club, which has struggled to connect with its fan base in recent years. With Hicks Jr now gone, there is at least a chance for a fresh start and renewed optimism at Anfield.