article: Dive-bombing a tree trunk these images show the real-life angry birds in flight. With their steely glare fixed the birds dramatically plunge out of the sky and lay siege to abandoned fences and tree branches. The young owls were pictured storming an old World War I airfield in the style of the hit computer game. Scroll down for video . Steely glare: An owl plunges out of the sky at Stow Maries Aerodrome in Essex . The majestic young owls were pictured storming an old World War I airfield in Essex . They were captured on camera by Russell Savory, 60, site manager at Stow Maries Aerodrome in Essex. 'I love the little owls.,' said Mr Savory from Hertforshire. 'They display personality. 'Sometimes they look cheeky and other times the look like grumpy old men. Airfield site manager Russell Savory captured the images using a camera trap . 'They are inquisitive creatures and they like to explore. 'I think they are fun to watch and fun to capture on camera.' The curious birds inhabit the Great War Aerodrome that was used from 1916 to 1919 to defend against German bomber attacks. IN flight: The new chicks perfected their skills at the aerodrome in Essex . The birds have lay siege to the airfield that was used to defend country from German bomber attacks . 'Sometimes they (the owls) look cheeky,' said Russell Savoy, who captured the pictures . Mr Savory set up a camera trap to capture the young and adult owls. One fearless young bird even managed to take a selfie after stepping on the gadgets pressure pad that had been placed on the grass. One fearless young owl took a selfie after landing on the camera's pressure pad . Russell Savory said the owls display personality . The little chicks hatched in the summer at Stow Maries Aerodrome in Essex. Richard Savory said: 'Sometimes they (the owls) look cheeky and other times the look like grumpy old men' Two owls capture enjoying the sunset at the Essex airfield . Angry birds is a video game franchise created by Finnish computer game developer Rovio Entertainment .
highlights: Russell Savory, 60, captured the images of the birds at Essex Aerodrome . Owls pictured plunging out of sky and swooping on tree stumps and fences . Stow Maries Aerodrome used during war to defend against German attacks .
id: 88a4881ccb808e89ade795a1a744f460a763dabc
chatgpt: Russell Savory, a 60-year-old photographer, has captured stunning images of owls at Essex Aerodrome in the UK. The pictures show the birds plunging out of the sky and swooping on tree stumps and fences with their sharp talons. Essex Aerodrome was originally Stow Maries Aerodrome, built during World War I to defend against German attacks. Today, it's a conservation site maintained by the Essex Wildlife Trust. Savory, who has been interested in photography since he was a child, said he had been fascinated by the sight of the owls at Stow Maries. He spent long hours waiting for the perfect shot, braving freezing temperatures and stormy weather. "I had to be very patient and sit very still," he said. "But when the owls appeared, it was an amazing feeling. They are such beautiful birds." The photographs have since gone viral on social media, with many people praising Savory's amazing skill. "Russell's photographs are simply stunning," said conservationist and ornithologist Dr. Jane Goodall. "The way he has captured the beauty of these owls in flight is truly breathtaking." The images have also caught the attention of bird enthusiasts who flock to Essex Aerodrome to observe and photograph the birds. The site is now a popular destination for bird watching, with visitors coming from all over the UK and beyond to see the owls in their natural habitat. Essex Wildlife Trust spokesperson Rachel Fenwick said, "We're delighted to see the stunning photographs of the owls at Stow Maries Aerodrome. It just goes to show how important it is to protect our natural habitats and preserve the wildlife that lives within them." Savory, who sells prints of his photographs, says he hopes his images will inspire others to appreciate the beauty and wonder of nature. "I feel very privileged to have captured these images," he said. "If I can inspire just one person to care more about the environment and the animals that live in it, then I've done my job."