article: It might be welcome news for your health this Christmas, but getting a good deal on your festive shopping has been made that little bit tougher. Further evidence emerged today that seasonal chocolate and biscuit boxes are falling in weight - as prices increase by up to 25 per cent. A study of nine Christmas treats - including Roses and Quality Street - found they all weighed less than this time last year. Compared: A box of  Roses is up 24p but has fallen in weight by almost 100g, while Quality Street has gone down 40g - but now costs 13p more . And the research for The Observer by price comparison website Mysupermarket.com revealed five of the items had gone up in price. A box of Quality Street chocolates has gone down from 1kg in 2011 to 820g in 2013 and 780g this year - but now costs 13p (8 per cent) more. Similarly, a box of Cadbury's Roses chocolates has risen 24p (13 per cent) in price, but fallen in weight by 70g compared to last year. Vince Mitchell, consumer marketing professor at Cass Business School, told The Observer: ‘What has changed is the sheer scale of this downsizing. Terry's Chocolate Orange Segsations are down 30g but up 33p, while Asda Chocolate Coins are down 15g but still £1 . ‘Shrinking products used to crop up occasionally, which is when they made the news. '[But] what this [latest] research shows is that now this appears to be being done on a massive scale.’ Other products examined in the study included Fabulously Fox’s Biscuit Selection, Cadbury Heroes and Asda Chocolate Coins. Along with Cadbury’s Dairy Milk Advent Calendar and Terry’s Chocolate Orange Segsations, they have all dropped in weight since 2013. The Heroes and Segsations have gone up in price, while the Coins are the same, and the Advent Calendar and Biscuit Selection have dropped. Industry experts say products have shrunk not because of government health pressure but to maintain price - often to keep within the £5 price tag. The prices of products were averaged across those at Tesco, Asda, Sainsbury's, Ocado, Waitrose, Morrisons and Aldi - and include multibuy offers. Nestlé said it had dropped the price at which it sells Quality Street boxes to retailers by 5 per cent - but retailers had the choice to drop the sale price. And Cadbury owner Mondelez International said ‘a range of economic factors across the board’ resulted in it decreasing the size of some products. The research follows a report in the Sunday Mirror that cartons of festive treats had shrunk by up to 14.8 per cent in the last year. According to its study, the weight of a £4 box of family favourites Maynards Wine Gums and Bassetts Jelly Babies has plummeted from 540g to 460g. It also found the £5 Cadbury Biscuit Collection fell 45g - with manufacturers saying the same number of biscuits were topped with a different chocolate.
highlights: Study of nine seasonal treats such as Roses and Quality Street finds they all weigh less than this time last year . Quality Street has gone down from 1kg in 2011 to 820g in 2013 and 780g this year - but now costs 13p more . Boxes of Cadbury's Roses chocolates have risen 24p price, but fallen in weight by 70g compared to last year . Industry experts say products have shrunk  to maintain price - and often to keep within the £5 price tag .
id: b6954d29a401c0fcf5b8df84afe0bc5f885bfab4
chatgpt: A recent study has found that nine popular seasonal treats, including Quality Street and Roses, all weigh less than they did last year. Quality Street, for example, has gone from a weight of 1kg in 2011 to just 820g in 2013 and now sits at a mere 780g this year - all while costing 13p more. Similarly, boxes of Cadbury's Roses chocolates have increased in price by 24p, while falling in weight by 70g compared to last year. Industry experts have suggested that these changes in weight have been implemented in order to maintain the price of the product, often to keep within the £5 price tag. While customers may notice that the products feel lighter, they are unlikely to see a reduction in price. This trend of shrinking products has become more common in recent years, with brands such as Toblerone and McVitie's Digestive biscuits also making similar changes to their products. Toblerone, for example, made headlines in 2016 when it increased the gap between its iconic triangular chunks due to rising ingredient costs, resulting in a reduction of weight for the same price. While these changes may seem underhanded to some customers, industry experts suggest that it's a necessary step for brands to take in order to maintain their profit margins. Consumers may feel cheated out of their money, especially as prices continue to rise despite a decrease in product size. However, brands maintain that they are simply responding to the realities of the market, including rising ingredient and production costs. Despite these changes, it's unlikely that the demand for these seasonal treats will decrease. As the festive season approaches, many customers are willing to pay a premium for these special delicacies, even as they become smaller. Nevertheless, some customers may begin to explore alternative options as they look for better value for their money. Other brands or even homemade treats may present themselves as viable options for those who are no longer happy with the shrinking versions of their favorite treats. Overall, it remains to be seen whether this trend of smaller products will continue to grow. For now, however, it's clear that brands are doing what they must to maintain their position in a competitive market.