article: (CNN) -- The funeral service for "Sopranos" actor James Gandolfini will be held Thursday in Manhattan, a family friend told CNN on Sunday. Gandolfini, who was on a working vacation in Rome, died Wednesday. An autopsy determined his death was the result of a heart attack, according to Michael Kobold, the family friend. The actor's remains are scheduled to leave Rome on Monday and arrive in the United States the same evening, Kobold said. The service will be held at 10 a.m. Thursday at the Cathedral Church of St. John the Divine in Manhattan. "On behalf of the Gandolfini family, I would like to thank the Italian authorities for all of the assistance they have rendered in expediting the formalities necessary to repatriate James Gandolfini's remains to the United States," Kobold said. "We are fully aware that this process usually takes seven days and we are extremely grateful for their efficiency in dealing with this matter. We sincerely thank you." The 51-year-old actor arrived in Rome with his son, Michael Gandolfini, a day before he died. "Jim was happy, he was healthy, he was doing really fine," Kobold said. "He was on vacation with his son. He has an 8-month-old daughter. Everything was going great. I just spoke to him on Father's Day." The same day Gandolfini died, he had visited the Vatican and dined with his son, the family said. After he returned to his room, his son alerted hotel staff that he was not answering knocks on the bathroom door. Hotel staff broke down the door to get to him and called an ambulance, said Tiziana Rocca, head of a film festival the actor was planning to attend. Gandolfini was in Italy to receive an award at the Taormina Film Fest in the Sicilian town of Taormina. Instead of the award ceremony, the festival paid tribute to Gandolfini's lifetime achievements. The actor shot to fame on the HBO drama "The Sopranos." In the widely successful series, he played Tony Soprano, a tough New Jersey crime boss. He also appeared in various movies, including "Zero Dark Thirty" and "Killing Them Softly." CNN's Jessica King and KJ Matthews contributed to this report .
highlights: NEW: Funeral to be held Thursday in Manhattan, family friend says . He thanks Italian and U.S. authorities for expediting the process to have his body sent . Gandolfini died last week in Rome . The actor had been scheduled to receive an award at an Italian film festival .
id: 9c02ead39ad069e4102bc7e67d407bdb40074ead
chatgpt: The late actor James Gandolfini, best known for his role as Tony Soprano in the highly acclaimed HBO series "The Sopranos," will be laid to rest on Thursday at a funeral in Manhattan, according to a family friend. Gandolfini, 51, passed away suddenly last week while vacationing in Rome with his family. The news of his passing shocked fans and fellow actors alike, as many took to social media to express their condolences and pay tribute to the beloved performer. Gandolfini was in Italy to attend the Taormina Film Fest, where he was set to receive the "Kineo Diamanti al Cinema" award for his contributions to the film industry. The family friend also thanked Italian and U.S. authorities for expediting the process of having the actor's body sent back to the United States. Gandolfini's sudden death sent shockwaves through the entertainment industry, with many mourning the loss of a talented actor and beloved friend. Born in Westwood, New Jersey in 1961, Gandolfini began his acting career in the late 1980s, appearing in a number of films and television shows before landing the role of Tony Soprano in 1999. His portrayal of the conflicted mob boss earned him three Primetime Emmy Awards and made him a household name. "He was a genius," said "Sopranos" creator David Chase in a statement following Gandolfini's death. "Anyone who saw him even in the smallest of his performances knows that. He is one of the greatest actors of this or any time." Gandolfini's unexpected passing has left fans and colleagues reeling. His talent and passion for his craft will be sorely missed, but his legacy will live on through the iconic characters he brought to life on the big and small screens. As friends, family, and fans gather to say goodbye to the beloved actor, the world mourns the loss of a talent taken too soon. Gandolfini's passing serves as a reminder to cherish every moment and to never take life for granted.