article: FBI agents on Wednesday arrested the mayor of Charlotte, North Carolina, for allegedly taking tens of thousands of dollars worth of bribes "in exchange for the use of his official position," the U.S. attorney's office said. Patrick D. Cannon, 47, faces federal charges of theft and bribery concerning programs receiving federal funds, honest services wire fraud and extortion under color of official right, according to a press release from U.S. Attorney Anne Tompkins of western North Carolina. The Charlotte mayor's office declined a CNN request for comment. However, CNN obtained a copy of Cannon's resignation letter, sent to City of Charlotte Manager Ron Carlee and City Attorney Bob Hagemann. "I hereby give notice of my resignation from the position of the Mayor of the City of Charlotte, effective immediately. In light of the charges that have been brought against me, it is my judgment that the pendency of these charges will create too much of a distraction for the business of the City to go forward smoothly and without interruption," Cannon wrote in the letter. "I regret that I have to take this action, but I believe that it is in the best interest of the City for me to do so." First elected to City Council in 1993 -- when he was 26 and two years removed from graduating from North Carolina A&T State University -- the Democrat served through 2005, including the last four years as mayor pro tem. Cannon, the president of a private parking business, spent four years out of office until being elected to City Council again in 2009. Between 2010 and 2013, he served as both a council member and mayor pro tem until his election as mayor in November 2013. Federal authorities launched their corruption investigation in August 2010, using FBI agents who posed as commercial real estate developers and investors looking to do business in the North Carolina city, Tompkins' office said. Investigators documented five separate occasions between January 2013 and February 2014 in which Cannon allegedly took more than $48,000 in cash, airline tickets, a hotel room and a luxury apartment from the undercover agents. In the last instance, authorities say Cannon got $20,000 in cash in the mayor's office. He allegedly accepted the largesse in exchange for returning the favor using his powers as a City Council member, mayor pro tem and, eventually, mayor. Cannon appeared in court Wednesday and was released on bond, the U.S. attorney's office reported. If convicted on all charges, he could be sentenced to as many as 50 years in federal prison and pay as much as $1.5 million in fines, officials said. Cannon succeeded then-Mayor Anthony Foxx, who in July 2013 was sworn in as U.S. Transportation Secretary. Mayor of corrupt Hampton, Florida, resigns -- from jail . Ex-New Orleans Mayor Ray Nagin guilty .
highlights: He resigns, saying such an action is in the best interest of the city . FBI agents arrest Charlotte Mayor Patrick D. Cannon on corruption charges . He allegedly took over $48,000 in cash and more between 2013 and 2014 . The mayor's office declines comment .
id: 51122912a7a07cdf34ea5746397d98517e1c11d7
chatgpt: Charlotte Mayor Patrick D. Cannon has resigned from his position following his arrest on corruption charges by FBI agents. Cannon's resignation comes after he allegedly took over $48,000 in cash and gifts between 2013 and 2014. According to a statement released by Cannon's office, the mayor believes that resigning is in the best interest of the City of Charlotte. Mayor Cannon was arrested by FBI agents at his home Friday morning on charges of alleged bribery and corruption. The FBI claims to have uncovered an extensive corruption scheme wherein Mayor Cannon took bribes from local businessmen in exchange for political favors. The FBI has declined to comment on the specifics of the investigation, but it is believed that they have uncovered evidence of widespread corruption within the Charlotte government. The mayor's office has declined to comment on the allegations against him, but many Charlotte residents are calling for answers. The Charlotte Observer reports that many residents are outraged that such corruption could exist within their own government. Some residents are calling for a full investigation into the matter, while others are simply calling for the mayor to step down. Despite the allegations against him, Mayor Cannon has been a popular figure in Charlotte politics. He was elected in 2011 and has served as a strong advocate for the city's growth and development. In his resignation statement, Cannon thanked the people of Charlotte for their support and expressed his regret at having to step down. "I am sorry that my actions have caused harm to the city that I love," Cannon said. "It is with a heavy heart that I resign from my position as mayor, but I believe it is in the best interest of the people of Charlotte that I do so." It is likely that the allegations against Mayor Cannon will have far-reaching consequences for the city. Charlotte is one of the fastest-growing cities in the United States, with a rapidly expanding economy and a diverse population. However, the allegations of corruption within the city's government could damage its reputation and make it less attractive to businesses and investors. The FBI's investigation is ongoing, and it is unclear how many other officials may be implicated in the alleged corruption scheme. However, many Charlotte residents are calling for a full investigation into the matter to ensure that their government is functioning in an ethical and transparent manner. For now, Charlotte must continue to move forward without Mayor Cannon. The city council will have to appoint an interim mayor to serve the remainder of his term, and residents will have to wait to see what further developments arise from the FBI's investigation. Despite this setback, however, Charlotte remains a strong and vibrant city, and its residents are committed to building a better future for themselves and their community.