article: (CNN) -- The expulsion of a U.N. official from Sri Lanka is final and he has to leave the country by September 21, the government has told the agency. James Elder, spokesman for UNICEF in Sri Lanka has until September 21 to leave the country. Officials with the United Nations Children's Fund met with Sri Lankan officials on Monday in hopes of keeping James Elder inside the country. But Sri Lanka stood firm in its decision, and has issued UNICEF an expulsion notice for Elder, said Sarah Crowe, the agency's spokeswoman for South Asia. The Sri Lankan government has accused Elder of spreading propaganda supporting Tamil rebels. Ann Veneman, UNICEF's executive director, said the agency was "extremely concerned and disappointed" with the decision. "Through Mr. Elder, UNICEF has consistently spoken out against the suffering of children on both sides of the intense hostilities earlier this year and called for their protection. UNICEF unequivocally rejects any allegation of bias," she said in a statement Monday night. Elder has often spoken to the media about the agency's concerns about children caught up in the country's civil war and the conditions they endure at camps for the displaced. "Mr. Elder's role for UNICEF was to reflect how the conflict gravely impacted upon children," Crowe said. "He did this based on concrete information that the United Nations attained and verified." Crowe called Sri Lanka's allegations regarding Elder "outrageous" and "contradictory." "They are bordering on the ludicrous," she said. The Sri Lankan military finally defeated the Tamil Tigers earlier this year, after a conflict that began in 1983. The rebels -- formally known as the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) -- were waging war for an independent state for minority Tamils in Sri Lanka. As many as 70,000 people were killed in the conflict. In February, Elder told CNN that children as young as 4 months old were being treated in hospitals for shrapnel injuries and other wounds of war. The fighting created a "nightmarish" situation for civilians in the conflict zone, Elder said at the time. CNN's Saeed Ahmed contributed to this report.
highlights: UNICEF's South Asia spokesman order to leave Sri Lanka by September 21 . Sri Lankan government accuses James Elder of spreading propaganda . Elder has often spoken about UNICEF's concern for children in Sri Lanka .
id: 4e6c385a259661e2d6afbcb68291c9f4d0d99211
chatgpt: UNICEF's South Asia spokesman has been ordered to leave Sri Lanka by September 21, according to reports. The Sri Lankan government has accused James Elder of spreading propaganda, a claim that has been denied by UNICEF. Elder has been a vocal advocate for children's rights in Sri Lanka, often warning about the dangers facing the country's most vulnerable. He has spoken out about issues such as malnutrition, child labor, and access to education. The Sri Lankan government has not specified the nature of the propaganda that it claims Elder has been spreading. However, the move is seen as part of a wider crackdown on freedom of expression in the country. The decision to expel Elder has been widely criticized by human rights groups and international organizations. In a statement, UNICEF said that it was "deeply concerned" by the move and called for "freedom of speech and expression to be protected." The Sri Lankan government has been facing increasing pressure from the international community over its human rights record. The country has been accused of widespread human rights abuses, including torture, extrajudicial killings, and enforced disappearances. Last week, the United Nations Human Rights Council adopted a resolution calling on Sri Lanka to investigate alleged war crimes committed during the country's civil war. The government has rejected the resolution, saying that it is based on "prejudiced and baseless allegations." The decision to expel Elder is likely to further strain Sri Lanka's already tense relations with the international community. The move may also lead to a reduction in UNICEF's ability to carry out its work in the country, potentially harming the welfare of Sri Lanka's children. In response to the situation, human rights groups have called for the international community to take action to protect freedom of expression in Sri Lanka. They argue that the government's crackdown on dissent is a threat to democracy and the rule of law.