article: Washington (CNN) -- President Barack Obama signed an executive order Monday designed to help reduce a growing number of prescription drug shortages while protecting patients from possible pharmaceutical industry price gouging. Among other things, the order requires the Food and Drug Administration to increase its reporting of possible shortages of certain prescription drugs, while also speeding up regulatory reviews of new drug manufacturing sites, drug suppliers and manufacturing changes. The Justice Department will be tasked with examining whether specific drug shortages are tied to an intentional stockpiling of medications designed to raise prices. Administration officials are also calling on Congress to pass more comprehensive legislation to boost the FDA's power to address prescription drug shortages. The new steps are part of a highly publicized White House initiative to bolster the economy and help consumers without assistance from a sharply divided Congress. "The shortage of prescription drugs drives up costs, leaves consumers vulnerable to price gouging and threatens our health and safety," Obama said in a written statement. "This is a problem we can't wait to fix." Obama administration officials have also sent a letter to drug manufacturers "reminding them of their responsibility to report the discontinuation of certain drugs to the FDA," the statement noted. Drug manufacturers are being encouraged to voluntarily disclose possible prescription drug shortages in instances not currently required by law. Under current law, pharmaceutical companies are only required to announce a decision to stop the manufacture of certain critical drugs if those drugs are available through a single manufacturer, according to the administration. The White House is also directing the FDA to increase the total number of staffers dealing with drug shortage issues. The new executive actions are being taken in response to a growing drug shortfall in the United States. The total number of prescription drug shortages almost tripled from 2005 to 2010, the White House noted. As the number of shortages has grown, prices have skyrocketed in certain instances. The White House cited an August Premier health care alliance report estimating that the "typical gray market vendor" jacks up prices by 650% on average. "At the extreme," the White House statement noted, "a drug used to treat high blood pressure that was normally priced at $25.90 was being sold at $1,200 due to a drug shortage." Later, White House Press Secretary Jay Carney told reporters the administration will continue to use its executive branch authority to act on a number of fronts without congressional assistance. Democrats have been frustrated by GOP opposition to the president's $447 billion jobs plan, as well as a series of other administration-backed measures. "One of the reasons why we can't wait is because Congress won't act," Carney said. "As we have said throughout this initiative and in general, the president looks to ways he can use his executive authority to, broadly speaking, help Americans who can be helped through actions that this administration can take."
highlights: Obama order aimed at prescription drug shortages, rising costs . The FDA will report more possible shortages, speed up regulatory reviews . The Justice Department will examine possible price gouging . Obama endorses more comprehensive legislation to deal with the problem .
id: 1a07bde60d3313b95b71fe811c1b4da874205d8f
chatgpt: President Barack Obama has issued an executive order aimed at addressing the critical issue of prescription drug shortages and rising costs. The order comes amid growing concern over the increasing number of drug shortages and high prices, which have left many patients without the medicines they need to treat their illnesses. The new order calls for the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to report more possible drug shortages and to speed up its regulatory reviews of new drugs. The FDA will also work closely with manufacturers to address bottlenecks and other issues that may be causing drug shortages. In addition, the Justice Department has been directed to examine possible price gouging by pharmaceutical companies in connection with drug shortages. This move is seen as part of a broader effort to hold drug companies accountable for their pricing practices and to curb the rising cost of prescription drugs. President Obama has also endorsed more comprehensive legislation that would address drug shortages and rising prices. The bill, known as the "Preserve Access to Affordable Generics and Biosimilars Act", would prevent pharmaceutical companies from using tactics to delay the entry of generic drugs and biosimilars into the marketplace. The bill would also require drug manufacturers to notify the FDA of potential shortages and to develop contingency plans to address them. The executive order and the legislation have been welcomed by patient advocacy groups and medical professionals, who have been sounding the alarm about drug shortages and rising prescription drug costs for years. One such group, the American Society of Clinical Oncology, has said that the shortages have had a devastating impact on cancer patients, making it difficult for them to get the drugs they need to survive. The group has also noted that drug shortages have led to the use of less effective and more expensive drugs, raising costs for both patients and the healthcare system as a whole. According to a recent report from the Government Accountability Office, the use of substitute drugs has cost the U.S. healthcare system billions of dollars in additional spending. The executive order and the legislation have also been praised by lawmakers from both parties, who have expressed support for efforts to address the critical issue of drug shortages and rising drug costs. Sen. Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa), who chairs the Senate Judiciary Committee, has said that the legislation "is an important step in holding drug companies accountable and protecting consumers from skyrocketing drug costs." Overall, the new executive order and the proposed legislation are seen as an important step forward in addressing the critical issue of drug shortages and rising drug costs. By working together to address these issues, policymakers can help ensure that patients have access to the lifesaving drugs they need and can afford.