article: Ahead of this weekend's Premier League action, Sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture, with team news, provisional squads, betting odds and Opta stats. Here is all the information you need for West Brom's home clash with Southampton... West Bromwich Albion vs Southampton (The Hawthorns) Team news . West Brom . Tony Pulis will assess top scorer Saido Berahino ahead of the visit of Southampton. The 16-goal striker suffered a knock in a tackle with Lee Cattermole in Saturday's 0-0 draw at Sunderland. James Morrison (hamstring) is also a doubt for Pulis' side along with Victor Anichebe (groin) but the striker could make the bench. Provisional squad: Foster, Myhill, Pocognoli, Wisdom, Lescott, Baird, Dawson, Olsson, McAuley, McManaman, Gamboa, Morrison, Yacob, Mulumbu, Brunt, Gardner, Sessegnon, Berahino, Ideye, Anichebe. Tony Pulis will assess West Brom top scorer Saido Berahino ahead of the visit of Southampton . Southampton . Sadio Mane could start Southampton's Premier League clash at West Brom after being punished for his poor timekeeping. Manager Ronald Koeman dropped the Senegal winger to the bench for last Sunday's loss to Liverpool. Toby Alderweireld (hamstring) is nearing a return and could come back into contention for next Tuesday's match with Crystal Palace, but Jay Rodriguez (knee) and Emmanuel Mayuka (groin) remain out. Provisional squad: Forster, K Davis, Gazzaniga, Clyne, Bertrand, Targett, Yoshida, Gardos, Fonte, McCarthy, Schneiderlin, S Davis, Flannigan, Wanyama, Reed, Ward-Prowse, Hesketh, Tadic, Djuricic, Long, Mane, Elia, Seager, Pelle. Sadio Mane could start Southampton's  clash at West Brom after being punished for his poor timekeeping . Kick-off: Saturday, 3pm . Odds (subject to change): . West Brom 12/5 . Draw 9/4 . Southampton 5/4 . Referee: Phil Dowd . Managers: Tony Pulis (West Brom), Ronald Koeman (Southampton) Head-to-head league record: West Brom wins 21, draws 20, Southampton wins 22 . Key match stats (supplied by Opta) There have only been 13 goals scored in the nine Premier League games between these sides. Sadio Mane has scored in four of his last five Premier League starts. The Baggies have failed to score in their last three Premier League games against Southampton. West Brom have lost just one of their last seven Premier League matches (W2 D4 L1). Southampton have won just two of their last eight Premier League home matches (W2 D2 L4). West Bromwich Albion haven't scored against Southampton since Romelu Lukaku was on target in a 3-0 win at the Saints in April 2013 . West Brom have kept four clean sheets in their six Premier League matches under Tony Pulis. The Baggies have scored the joint-most goals from corners this season (8) along with Chelsea. Southampton are the only team yet to concede a goal from a corner in the Premier League this season. The Saints are the only team in the Premier League who have not conceded a penalty this season. Jose Fonte has made more interceptions (76) than any other Premier League player.
highlights: Tony Pulis will assess  Saido Berahino ahead of the visit of Southampton . Sadio Mane could start   after being punished for poor timekeeping . Southampton have won just two of last eight Premier League home games .
id: 247c42a910d4a5c6be3d3ff79ffa6be476bb92a3
chatgpt: West Bromwich Albion manager Tony Pulis has revealed that he will be assessing the fitness of striker Saido Berahino ahead of their crucial Premier League clash with Southampton. The Baggies host the Saints at The Hawthorns on Saturday, with Pulis keen to ensure that his star striker is fully fit and ready for what promises to be a difficult game. Berahino has enjoyed a mixed start to the season so far, with the youngster struggling to find the back of the net on a consistent basis. However, with his impressive form last term, Pulis will no doubt be keen for the England Under-21 international to get back to his best as soon as possible. Meanwhile, Southampton boss Ronald Koeman will be without midfielder Sadio Mane for the first part of the game, after the Senegal international was dropped for poor timekeeping. The 24-year-old has been in good form for the Saints this season, scoring three goals in his last six appearances. However, despite the absence of Mane, Koeman will be confident that his side can pick up a positive result, with the Saints currently on a good run of form. Southampton have won two of their last three Premier League games, including a narrow 2-1 victory over Watford last time out. Despite their recent good form, however, Southampton have struggled at home in the league this season, winning just two of their last eight games at St Mary's. Indeed, with West Brom currently sitting one place above the hosts in the table, Koeman will be keen to ensure that his side pick up a valuable three points on Saturday. Speaking ahead of the game, Pulis admitted that he is wary of the threat posed by the Saints: "Southampton are a very good team, and have a lot of quality. We'll need to be at our best if we're going to get a result. Saido [Berahino] has been struggling with injuries this season, but we'll assess him ahead of the game and see how he's doing". For Koeman, however, the priority will be to ensure that Southampton maintain their recent good form, and start picking up more points at home. The Dutchman will be keen to see his side build on their win over Watford last weekend, and continue pushing up the table. With both sides desperate for the three points on Saturday, the clash promises to be an entertaining one for the fans. West Brom will be keen to keep pace with the top half of the table, while Southampton will be hoping to make up ground on the teams above them. Ultimately, however, it will come down to which side can perform better on the day – and with both managers determined to get the win, it's sure to be a fiercely contested affair. For fans of both clubs, this is a game not to be missed.