article: By . Ashley Collman . PUBLISHED: . 08:36 EST, 10 September 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 12:07 EST, 10 September 2013 . As a September ritual, high school seniors will be poring over the new college rankings, released today by U.S. News & World Report . Princeton University, the ivy league school in New Jersey, took the top ranking. The magazine determines it's rankings based on sixteen different criteria including freshman retention, graduation rates and strength of faculty. Best of the best: U.S. News & World Report ranked Princeton University in New Jersey the best U.S. national university . 1. Princeton University . 2. Harvard University . 3. Yale University . 4. Columbia University . 5. Stanford University . 5. University of Chicago . 7. Duke University . 7. Massachusetts Institute of Technology . 7. University of Pennsylvania . 10. California Institute of Technology . 10. Dartmouth College . 12. John Hopkins University . 12. Northwestern University . 14. Brown University . 14. Washington University in St. Louis . 16. Cornell University . 17. Vanderbilt University . 18. Rice University . 18. University of Notre Dame . 20. Emory University . 20. Georgetown University . 20. University of California - Berkeley . The rankings were compiled after reviewing data from 1,800 institutions. This year the magazine changed it's methodology slightly by decreasing the weight of high school rank, a figure that colleges don't take as seriously anymore. They also increased the weight on graduation and retention rates for national universities and liberal arts colleges. Regional schools were ranked with an increased importance on an institution's predicted graduate rate versus the actual graduation rate. Even with the new changes though, the magazine says that the top schools remained relatively the same. Following Princeton in the top five were the usual suspects of Harvard, Yale, Columbia, Stanford, and the University of Chicago. Only one public school made it into the top 20. The University of California, Berkeley, tied for twentieth with Emory and Georgetown Universities. Good value: Princeton has a 'no loan' policy for financially needy students which gives them grants instead to pay for tuition . 1. University of California - Berkeley2. University of California - Los Angeles2. University of Virginia4. University of Michigan - Ann Arbor5. University of North Carolina - Chapel Hill6. College of William and Mary7. Georgia Institute of Technology8. Pennsylvania State University - University Park9. University of California - Davis9. University of California - San Diego . Princeton was also ranked number three in the magazine's list of Best Value Colleges. Since cost is a major factor for students, the magazine drafted that list to help students determine which schools would give them 'the most bang for their buck'. Princeton currently has a 'no loan' policy for students with financial needs. Those students who need help paying for tuition get grants instead of loans. In addition to the main national university rankings, the magazine also puts out various other lists for it's 2014 Best Colleges issue. Other lists include the 'A+ Schools for B Students', 'Best Undergraduate Business Programs', and 'Up-and-Coming Schools'.
highlights: After changing the weight on certain criteria, Harvard University dropped to number two this year . University of California, Berkeley, was the top-rated public school . Princeton also ranked high for value with their 'no loan' policy which gives grants to financially needy students to pay for tuition .
id: 93d43a1442990de32f525ce02f8d9fed51e93259
chatgpt: Harvard University has long been seen as one of the top universities in the world, but this year's rankings may come as a surprise to some. Despite consistently ranking at number one in previous years, the university has been bumped down to the number two spot in the latest rankings. The rankings, which are published yearly by U.S. News & World Report, are highly regarded by students, parents, and educators alike. They take into account a variety of factors, including academic reputation, student outcomes, and faculty resources. This year, however, the rankings were adjusted slightly to place more weight on certain criteria - and Harvard's score suffered as a result. The University of California, Berkeley, took the top spot for public schools, thanks in part to its strong reputation for research and academic excellence. But it wasn't just public schools that fared well in this year's rankings - Princeton also ranked highly, thanks in part to its innovative "no loan" policy. Under this policy, Princeton provides grants to financially needy students to cover the cost of tuition, rather than loans that must be repaid. This has made Princeton one of the most affordable Ivy League schools - and one of the most accessible to students from low-income backgrounds. Princeton's no-loan policy has been praised by experts in the field, who say that it represents a potentially game-changing approach to higher education. By making college more affordable and accessible, Princeton is helping to level the playing field and create opportunities for students who might not otherwise be able to attend. Of course, rankings are not everything - and students should not choose a university based solely on its position in a list. Instead, they should carefully consider their own goals, preferences, and needs - and choose a school that is the best fit for them. This is especially true in light of the current pandemic, which has upended many aspects of higher education. As universities grapple with the challenges of remote learning, campus closures, and social distancing, students are facing unprecedented uncertainty and upheaval. In this environment, it is more important than ever to choose a school that can offer flexibility, support, and comprehensive resources. Still, the rankings can be a helpful tool for students and parents who are trying to navigate the complex landscape of higher education. They offer a snapshot of the top schools in the country - and can provide valuable insights into what makes these institutions stand out from the crowd. As for Harvard, it remains one of the most prestigious universities in the world - and its ranking at number two is still a cause for celebration. While it may no longer hold the coveted top spot, it is clear that Harvard still has much to offer students who are seeking an unparalleled academic experience.