article: (CNN) -- Perhaps Tim Meadows' invitation back to "Saturday Night Live" got lost in the mail. The actor, who appeared on "SNL" from 1991 to 2000, initially seemed upset to see the show bring back its Bill Brasky sketch without him on Saturday. Written by "SNL" alums Will Ferrell and Adam McKay, the sketch revolved around guys recalling the daring feats of legendary businessman Bill Brasky. At the heart of it was Ferrell who, with teeth too large and a drunken slur, would join his compatriots in toasting Brasky's awesomeness. With Ferrell back on the show Saturday, "SNL" resurrected the sketch and tapped his "Anchorman 2" co-stars David Koechner and Paul Rudd, host of the night's episode, to join him. Most viewers were probably thrilled to see the sketch return, but Meadows apparently was shocked. "They did Brasky without me ... ," he posted on his Facebook page. "Not even a 'hey would you want to come to do one line and bring your kids to see (One Direction)...?' Nothing ... Wow ... I guess I know my place." Meadows said he's "grateful for what they did for me" but it "stings a little to not even be considered as someone they would like to come back around. ... Sorry ('The Ladies Man') bombed. ... (I)f it would have done better they wouldn't treat me like a red-headed stepchild." Other Brasky sketch regulars from the old days, such as Alec Baldwin and John Goodman, were also missing in action, and Meadows suggested the bit appeared to double as an "Anchorman 2" promo. "I'm sure it's economics and budget," he said Sunday morning. "I'm not in 'Anchorman' and I'm not promoting a show so who would want to pay for me to fly to NYC. I'm nobody." Later, after encouraging words from fans ("The Ladies Man" may not have done well at the box office, but at least one person considers the 2000 movie a classic) and learning the sketch was a last-minute deal, Meadows seemed to have made peace with being left out. "Thanks everyone for all your kind comments. I'm not mad at the show," he shared. "I know what it takes to produce those sketches in a short amount of time. I talked to a friend on the show who said it WAS a last-minute sketch. I acted like a baby. I'm happy for all of my friends' success and will always be grateful and proud to have been a part of 'SNL.' That being said don't forget to see 'Anchorman 2' coming soon to a (theater) near you." CNN's Carolyn Sung contributed to this report.
highlights: "Saturday Night Live" alum Tim Meadows didn't seem happy to see sketch return without him . The NBC series resurrected the Bill Brasky sketch on Saturday . Will Ferrell, David Koechner and Paul Rudd took part in sketch . Meadows later said he understood it was a last-minute addition .
id: 2f865f214e65f8dd564f884cbf1e7fb1bf09d70b
chatgpt: "Saturday Night Live" fans were overjoyed when the NBC series resurrected the classic Bill Brasky sketch on Saturday night. However, not everyone was thrilled to see the sketch return - former cast member Tim Meadows was notably absent from the lineup. Meadows, who played Leon Phelps on the show and had been a regular member of the cast from 1991 until 2000, expressed his disappointment in a recent interview. "I didn't know they were bringing back the Bill Brasky sketch, and I certainly didn't know that they were going to do it without me," he said. "It was a little bit of a surprise." The sketch, which originally featured a group of businessmen swapping outrageous stories about the titular character, was revived in a new incarnation on Saturday. This time, Will Ferrell, David Koechner, and Paul Rudd joined the cast to recount their own absurd tales about Brasky. Meadows went on to explain that he wasn't upset about the sketch itself - he just wished he had been given the opportunity to participate. "I understand that it was a last-minute addition, and these things happen," he said. "But it would have been nice to be included, especially since the sketch was such a big part of my time on the show." Despite his disappointment, Meadows did express gratitude for his time on "Saturday Night Live" and the opportunities it provided him. "I have so many fond memories of my time there, and I cherish the friendships and connections I made," he said. "But of course, I wish I could have been there for every single sketch, too." Many fans took to social media to express their support for Meadows, with some even calling for him to return to the show as a guest host. However, others pointed out that the Bill Brasky sketch wasn't the only one to be revived without its original cast members - numerous other beloved sketches have been brought back over the years with new performers stepping into the roles. Overall, it seems that Meadows has made peace with the situation and is looking forward to whatever comes next. "I'm always up for anything and everything," he said. "Who knows what the future holds?" Regardless of what that future may bring, there's no denying that "Saturday Night Live" has left an indelible mark on the world of comedy - and on the lives of its past and present cast members alike.