article: (CNN) -- If you sell it, they will come. Prices are expected to grow for Michael Jackson autographs like the one he gave this young fan in 2002. That's the hope at least for many offering Michael Jackson related merchandise and memorabilia, including autographed items and domain names, in the wake of his surprising death. Almost 20,000 items were up for sale after his death on the popular auction site eBay, where collectors could snap up everything from the rare to the ridiculous. Among the many T-shirts, record albums, DVDs and posters, there were also magazines about Jackson, dolls and copies of newspapers announcing his death. There were Michael Jackson gloves (sparkly, of course), masks, wigs, sunglasses and fedora hats. Anyone in the mood for some senior soda could try and win an auction for an unopened six-pack of Pepsi from the 1984 Jacksons world tour. For those seeking to establish Web sites, domain names were available including "ILoveYouMichael.com," which was selling for the "buy it now" price of $5,000. Officials at eBay said that compared with the daily average of the week prior, Thursday's gross merchandise volume for Jackson memorabilia increased by 275 percent and sold items increased by 210 percent. New listings were up 61 percent, while the average selling price of items had increased by 31 percent. Online merchant CafePress also offered a variety of items, including mugs, "R.I.P. Michael Jackson" magnets and dozens of T-shirt designs, including one screened with a drawing of tennis legend Billie Jean King and the words "not my lover." Some of the hottest items may turn out to be the ones bearing Jackson's signature. On eBay, bids for what the buyer claimed was a signed Michael Jackson  guitar had reached almost $1,300 by Friday afternoon. Jerry Ohlinger, owner of Jerry Ohlinger's Movie Material Store in New York, predicted that although Jackson was generous in giving autographs, the price for a legitimate autograph probably will at least double from the $150 to $300 range it was prior to his death. "He would sign autographs whenever he appeared in person," Ohlinger said. "For instance, he visited our store at least three times, and he signed autographs for all of the employees." As a comparison, Ohlinger said, an autograph for the late actress Marilyn Monroe, who also was known to sign a great deal during her lifetime, sells for about $5,000 because of great demand. As of Friday, items purported to be autographed photos of Jackson were ranging in price from just over $5 to several thousand dollars. There is no way to predict whether there will be a sudden influx in demand for Michael Jackson memorabilia and merchandise, Ohlinger said. All of the hoopla would probably tickle the pop icon, who Ohlinger said was himself a fan of star items. Whenever Jackson would visit Ohlinger's Manhattan store, he would shop for vintage photos of some of the legendary ladies of cinema, including his very dear friend Elizabeth Taylor, Ohlinger recalled.
highlights: NEW: Sold Jackson items on eBay increase 210 percent compared to last week . Plenty of Michael Jackson merchandise goes on sale . Online auction site ebay boasts thousands of items from T-shirts to soda . Memorabilia expert predicts Jackson autograph to at least double in price .
id: a8edbe6f71d1a1dc10e662c45afa32e05ae42609
chatgpt: Sales of Michael Jackson memorabilia on eBay have skyrocketed 210% in the last week, according to reports. The online auction site boasts tens of thousands of items ranging from T-shirts to soda branded with the late pop icon's image.  While some items are simply fan-created pieces of merchandise, others are genuine pieces of memorabilia that belonged to Jackson himself. These items are in high demand among collectors, who are willing to pay top dollar for a piece of history.  One item that is particularly sought-after is Jackson's autograph. According to a memorabilia expert, the price of a genuine Jackson autograph is likely to double in the coming months. This is due in part to the upcoming 10th anniversary of Jackson's death, which has reignited interest in his life and career.  In addition to autographs, other popular items include concert posters, tour programs, and even pieces of clothing worn by Jackson himself. Some collectors are even willing to pay for items that have a connection to the pop icon, such as signed contracts or personal notes.  Despite the high prices commanded by these items, many fans are still eager to get their hands on a piece of Jackson memorabilia. For some, owning a piece of history is worth the price tag. For others, it is simply a way to connect with an artist who had a profound impact on their lives.  However, not all pieces of Jackson memorabilia are created equal. Some items are fake, created to cash in on the current surge of interest in the pop icon. Buyers should be wary of such items and do their due diligence before making a purchase.  In the wake of the surge in sales, some have questioned the morality of profiting off of the legacy of a deceased celebrity. Others argue that Jackson himself would have wanted his fans to be able to own a piece of his history.  Regardless of one's opinion on the matter, it is clear that Michael Jackson's legacy lives on in the hearts and minds of his fans. As the 10th anniversary of his death approaches, it is likely that interest in his life and career will only continue to grow. And for those who are lucky enough to own a piece of his history, they will always be able to say that they have a connection to one of the greatest pop icons of all time.