article: (CNN) -- A San Francisco Giants baseball fan severely beaten in the parking lot of Dodger Stadium has taken a monumental step in his recovery -- speaking for the first time in nearly six months. "We are blown away with all of this," the family of Bryan Stow posted Wednesday on its website, support4bryanstow.com. "Literally one day we got some facial responses and the next, he's talking. His voice is gravelly and you have to be close to hear him, but he is talking." Stow, 42, a paramedic from Santa Cruz, California, went into a coma as a result of the March 31 beating after a game between the Giants and the Los Angeles Dodgers. According to the family, when speech therapists asked Stow his first and last name, he responded. A therapist asked what his daughter's name was and Stow said, "Tabby." The therapist asked what that was short for and he correctly said, "Tabitha." Stow was also able to say the name of his son, Tyler, the family said. The critically injured man also was able to give his birth date and say he wanted to see Tabitha and Tyler. Doctors are trying to control Stow's blood clots and keep them from his lungs, his family said. "Bryan's had many ups and downs, and though we see how far he has come, we try not to look too far back into these past 6 months, and we can't look too far down the road so we focus on right now," his family wrote. "Bryan is more awake and more responsive then ever." The men police believe were responsible for his attack -- Marvin Norwood, 30, and Louie Sanchez, 29 -- pleaded not guilty last month to felony charges related to the beating. In the parking lot, two men confronted Stow and -- unprovoked -- began kicking and punching him while yelling profanities about the Giants, police have said. It took 10 to 15 minutes after the attack for personnel to reach Stow.
highlights: Bryan Stow, 42, was severely beaten outside Dodger Stadium on March 31 . He recently was able to speak for the first time since incident . His family members say they are "blown away" by Stow's improvement .
id: c796c3f742cb51aad72293ec8f9a1a1344a85c3e
chatgpt: Bryan Stow, the 42-year-old man who was brutally beaten outside Dodger Stadium on March 31, is showing signs of improvement, according to his family members. In a recent development, Stow was able to speak for the first time since the incident, leaving his loved ones "blown away" by his progress. Stow, a father of two and a paramedic, suffered a traumatic brain injury and was in a medically induced coma for months following the attack. He spent years in rehabilitation, re-learning to talk, walk, and function independently. Despite the challenges, Stow's family remained committed to his recovery and have been pleasantly surprised by the recent breakthrough. "It's amazing to hear him talk again," said Stow's sister, Erin Collins. "We never thought we'd get to a point where we would hear his voice again, so it's really exciting for us." Collins went on to say that Stow's personality is starting to shine through again, as he's been making jokes and teasing his family members, just like he did before the attack. The improvement in Stow's condition is a testament to his strength and perseverance, as well as the unwavering support of his family and medical team. The attack on Stow, which occurred after a Dodgers game, drew national attention and sparked conversations about fan violence and stadium security. Two men, Louie Sanchez and Marvin Norwood, were later arrested and charged with assault and battery. They pleaded guilty to the charges in 2014 and were sentenced to prison terms. Stow's journey to recovery has been long and difficult, but his family remains hopeful that he will continue to make progress. "We just want to thank everyone for their continued love and support," Collins said. "It means the world to us and to Bryan."