article: It was supposed to be a family night in, spent watching a DVD and munching through a bag of popcorn. But the evening they envisaged took a disturbing turn when the grandmother discovered a dead mouse festering at the pit of the popcorn packet. The grandmother-of-three, who wishes to remain anonymous, said the experience was so traumatic she will never be able to eat popcorn again. A horrified grandmother discovered this dead mouse in the £1 packet of Island Sun popping corn . The woman said finding the mouse was so traumatic she will never be able to eat popcorn again . The grandmother, who was watching the DVD with her 24-year-old son, found the dead mouse in the £1 packet of Island Sun popping corn she had purchased from the Tesco Metro in Burnt Oak, north-west London. She had eaten a portion of the popcorn and was making her way through the rest of the packet on Sunday when she saw the dead rodent at the bottom of it. The woman, who lives in Kingsbury, said: 'I have been throwing up for the last few days since I found it and have hardly been able to eat anything. 'I feel so sick, so sick to the stomach to think I made a bowl of popcorn from this bag. 'My son feels just the same. We are both totally traumatised.' The woman, who lives in Kingsbury, bought the popcorn from this Tesco Metro in Burnt Oak, Edgware . The grandmother said she had left a voicemail with Brent Council's environmental health office to report the find and is waiting for a return call. She said: 'All the packets from that store should be recalled and an investigation launched into how this happened. 'I've been unable to touch anything else that was in the cupboard alongside this packet and I will have to throw it all out when I find the courage, . She added: 'I can never eat popcorn again.' A Tesco spokesman said: 'We take complaints about products bought in our stores extremely seriously and were disappointed to hear of this incident. 'We have asked the customer to return the product to us and we will work with our branded supplier to help them investigate the issue thoroughly. 'We will update our customer as soon as the investigation is complete.'
highlights: Grandmother found dead mouse in £1 pack of Island Sun popping corn . Said experience was so traumatic will never be able to eat popcorn again . Tesco said they were 'disappointed' to hear incident and will investigate it .
id: f2253d2328a6af43ae7d3d2132c5f4ee2b8084f5
chatgpt: A grandmother has been left traumatised after discovering a dead mouse in a £1 pack of Island Sun popping corn from her local Tesco store. The 54-year-old, who wishes to remain anonymous, purchased the popcorn for her grandchildren to enjoy during a movie night. However, she was shocked when she found the rodent amongst the popped kernels. The woman stated that the experience was so traumatic that she would never be able to eat popcorn again. She described it as "one of the most disgusting things" she had ever encountered. The grandmother reported the incident to Tesco and is awaiting a response. A spokesperson for Tesco said they were "disappointed" to hear about the incident and that they take food safety very seriously. They assured customers that they had suspended the sale of the product in question and launched an investigation into the matter. The news of the incident has sparked concern among consumers, many of whom rely on Tesco and other major supermarkets for their weekly groceries. This incident is not the first of its kind, as there have been similar cases reported in the past. The Food Standards Agency (FSA) has strict guidelines on food safety, and supermarkets are required to adhere to these to ensure the public's health and well-being. The agency has been informed and will be conducting its investigation into the matter. It is not yet clear how the mouse ended up in the packet of popcorn. However, it is believed that it could have been a result of poor hygiene at the manufacturing plant. The woman advised others to check their food carefully before consuming it to avoid similar incidents. The incident has also raised concerns about the quality control measures in place at food manufacturing plants. Many are calling for more stringent checks to be put in place to ensure that such incidents do not occur in the future. In conclusion, the discovery of a dead mouse in a pack of popcorn has caused shock and concern amongst the public. The incident has prompted Tesco to launch an investigation and suspend the sale of the product. The Food Standards Agency is also carrying out an investigation into the matter. It is hoped that the incident will lead to better quality control measures in food manufacturing plants and increase the public's confidence in the safety of the products they purchase.