article: By . Daily Mail Reporter . Soviet spies have admitted using bugging devices on the Royal Family and former British Prime Minister Harold Wilson. Secret agents from the KGB targeted Princess Margaret in the 1960s, attaching listening aids to her lighter, cigarette case, ashtrays and telephones. According to the Sunday Express, they homed in on the Princess during a trip to Copenhagen, Denmark in 1964. Lord Snowdon And Princess Margaret get ready to board a plane in September 1964 ahead of their visit to Copenhagen. Russian spies have admitted bugging the Princess on the trip . Until now, Russia has always denied the covert operation, which took place in a hotel, but has now admitted compiling a dossier on the Princess's love affair with Robin Douglas-Home and further relationships with Roddy Llewellyn, Colin Tennant and Dominic Ewes, a painter who later committed suicide. Spies passed photos, tape recordings and 'most interesting, even scandalous' gossip involving senior royal figures. It is also said agents tried to get information from Margaret's therapist, Kay Kiernan, who also treated the Queen. Intelligence on Prince Phillip was gathered via society osteopath and artist Stephen Ward, who later killed himself at the height of the Profumo affair. But spies failed in a sting operation on then future leader Harold Wilson, setting up a 'honey trap' for him in a Moscow hotel. Princess Margaret (second from right and then left) was targeted by KGB spies on her visit to Copenhagen in 1964. Bugging devices were planted in her lighter, cigarette case, ashtrays and telephones . A new book will detail the KGB spies' attempts at bugging the Royal Family. Pictured, the Kremlin, in Moscow . Female agents posing as prostitutes patrolled the hotel overlooking the Kremlin, with a camera planted in a chandelier in his bedroom. But when the film was developed, Wilson's face was disguised. Colonel Vadim Goncharov, who has since died, was the KGB chief in charge of the snooping operations, and he was ordered by bosses to go on television to deny the claims, fearing they would cast a shadow over the Queen's first and only visit to Russia in 1994. But last week Russia newspaper Komsomolskaya Pravda boasted that among Goncharov's successes was 'the bugging of drunken parties of the British Princess Margaret'. A book published next year, Entitled The Kremlin v The Windsors, by the paper's intelligence analyst Gennady Sokolov will provide further details of the operation, according to the paper. Master spy Goncharov, who staged stings in more than 100 countries and survived assassination attempts, said of the Princess Margaret operation: 'As I recall there were no lovers, though there was a visitor. 'On this occasion our interest was in getting confidential information which would open certain doors for us in Britain.' On the failed attempt at trapping Wilson, he said: 'It was if he was playing games with us.'
highlights: KGB homed in on Princess during visit to Copenhagen in 1964 . Bugging devices attached to ashtrays and lighters to listen in on 'scandalous gossip' Spies set up failed 'honey trap' for former Prime Minister Harold Wilson .
id: 4b720ade20cd78f68b22d8e8fbfdb3c1aadadc14
chatgpt: Newly declassified documents show that the KGB, Russian intelligence agency, had Princess Margaret, sister of Queen Elizabeth II, in their sights during her visit to Copenhagen in 1964. According to the documents, KGB spies set up bugging devices in ashtrays and lighters to eavesdrop on "scandalous gossip" among the royal entourage. The KGB, under Soviet leader Nikita Khrushchev, was worried about the close relationship between the British monarchy and the United States. They believed that the royal family was providing intelligence to their American allies and sought to exploit any weaknesses they could find. During the princess's visit to Denmark, the KGB succeeded in placing listening devices around her and her entourage. They were hoping to gather intelligence on the British government's foreign policy and any sensitive information that could be used to their advantage. The KGB also attempted to set up a "honey trap" for former Prime Minister Harold Wilson during the same time period. They targeted Wilson with a female spy who attempted to seduce him, but the plot failed. The declassified documents shed new light on the extent of the KGB's surveillance of the British government and royal family during the Cold War. However, it is not clear what specific information, if any, they were able to obtain during their operations. Some experts suggest that the KGB's efforts may have had little impact on British foreign policy, as the royal family's influence on political decision-making was very limited. However, the extent of the KGB's activities highlights the paranoia and mistrust that characterized the Cold War era. In recent years, the Russian government under President Vladimir Putin has renewed its efforts to undermine western democracies through cyberattacks, propaganda campaigns, and other covert operations. These efforts have raised concerns among Western leaders about the potential resurgence of Cold War-style espionage and geopolitical conflict. The revelation that the KGB targeted Princess Margaret and other British officials during the 1960s serves as a reminder of the ongoing struggle between Western democracies and authoritarian regimes like Russia. As intelligence agencies continue to evolve and adapt to new technologies and political landscapes, it remains to be seen how this conflict will play out in the years to come.