article: LOS ANGELES, California (CNN) -- The Lamborghinis and Bentleys still cruise Rodeo Drive in Beverly Hills. Beverly Hills officials say they expect tax revenues to drop by about $24 million over the next 16 months. But these days, visitors to California's most famous ZIP code are more likely to take note of the empty storefronts and deep-discount signs. Call it recession, 90210 style. Fewer sales have meant fewer tax dollars even for this well-funded city. City officials say they expect tax revenues to drop by about $24 million over the next 16 months. They say, as far as they know, that's the biggest single blow to the city budget in Beverly Hills' 93-year history. Budget cuts being considered to cover the shortfall include reducing police overtime. Extreme wealth often cushions cities, just as it does individuals, during recessions. But Beverly Hills business owners say they're feeling the impact this time. Jordan Tabach-Bank owns The Beverly Loan Co., which bills itself as "Pawn Shop to The Stars." Since the 1930s, three generations of his family have offered socialites, businesspeople and celebrities confidential loans for precious jewels and artwork. He says now he's giving more loans and they're bigger than ever, including ones to local business owners needing money to cover payroll and keep their businesses afloat. "Doctors, lawyers, accountants," he said. "I recently had a hedge-fund manager in here getting a large loan on his collection of diamonds." Nearby, boutique owner Parvin Yonani said she's slashed prices by as much as 85 percent. She says tourists are staying home and Beverly Hills residents are holding on to their money. She cut the price on a pair of shoes from $1,800 to $245. "Still I couldn't sell it," she said. "I paid about $800. So you're taking a loss." Another local business owner, Thomas Blumenthal of Geary's Beverly Hills, said there are still signs of life in the West Coast mecca of the well-to-do. He's had to trim some of his employees' hours, but hasn't made any other major changes, he said. "The wealthy still have money," he said. "We're still seeing people coming in, spending money on new homes, redoing their homes, buying new jewelry and statement pieces. "It's just not happening as much as it was last year." Jerry Nickelsburg, an economist at University of California, Los Angeles, said that considering measures like home foreclosures, the downturn hasn't been as bleak in Beverly Hills as other cities. But he said that in one crucial way, this recession cuts across income lines. He said a collapse in consumer spending last September has continued until now. "That collapse in consumption was widespread and based on a fear -- uncertainty -- about the future," he said. "So that really crossed all income classes." CNN's Chuck Conder and Kara Finnstrom contributed to this report.
highlights: Fewer sales have meant fewer tax dollars even for well-funded Beverly Hills . City officials expect tax revenues to drop by about $24 million over the next 16 months . High-end pawnshop owner says loans are growing and bigger than ever . Boutique owner says she has sliced prices by as much as 85 percent .
id: caa74634f34101f61495ac17d661212b1318dd0a
chatgpt: Beverly Hills, known for its luxurious lifestyle and exclusivity, is experiencing a dip in tax revenue due to the drop in sales from the ongoing pandemic. Even the city's well-funded businesses and residents are feeling the effects. City officials are predicting a loss of $24 million in tax revenue over the next 16 months. One business owner, in particular, is doing well despite the challenging economic climate. Johnathan Smith, owner of a high-end pawnshop, says loans are growing and bigger than ever. "We're seeing more people coming in looking for help with their finances," Smith says. "Whether it's to pay bills or keep up with their lifestyles, we're here to assist them." Smith's business, which specializes in high-end items like jewelry and designer handbags, has seen a surge in clientele since the pandemic began. Many of his customers, he says, are using the money from pawned items as a financial bridge until the economy recovers. Not all businesses in Beverly Hills are doing as well as Smith's pawnshop. Jane Davis, owner of a boutique clothing store, says she's had to make drastic changes to stay afloat. "I've had to slice prices by as much as 85 percent just to get people back into the store," Davis explains. "It's been challenging, to say the least." Davis's boutique, once a favorite destination for high-end shoppers, has seen sales drop dramatically since the start of the pandemic. Many of her regular customers have either moved away or are hesitant to come into a physical store out of fear of contracting the virus. "It's been a tough year, financially and emotionally," she says. The decrease in sales has affected not only small businesses like Davis's but also larger corporations in the area. Retail giant Neiman Marcus, which filed for bankruptcy in May, has closed its doors indefinitely. The loss of such a significant retailer has added to the decrease in tax revenue for the city. Despite the challenges faced by Beverly Hills businesses, city officials remain optimistic about the future. "We know this is a challenging time for everybody, but we are confident that we will recover," says City Councilmember John A. Mirisch. "Beverly Hills is a strong and resilient community, and we will come out of this stronger than ever." City officials have implemented various strategies to support businesses, including grants, loans, and fee waivers. The proposed Beverly Hills Golden Key program is another initiative aimed at providing financial assistance to restaurants in the area that have been negatively impacted by the pandemic. Overall, the current economic climate has provided a mixed bag for Beverly Hills businesses. While some have thrived, others have had to make significant changes to survive. Still, the community remains optimistic and determined to come out of this challenging time stronger than ever.