article: LAS VEGAS, Nevada (CNN)  -- Former football great O.J. Simpson, convicted of armed robbery and kidnapping, deserves leniency in sentencing as he is a first-time offender who showed no criminal intent, his attorney says in court papers. O.J. Simpson should receive a six-year sentence in a 2007 hotel room confrontation, his attorney says. Attorney Gabriel Grasso argued that Simpson should receive the minimum sentence, six years. Grasso acknowledged in court papers, "Clearly Simpson was not using good judgment" during a 2007 hotel room confrontation over sports memorabilia. Simpson could receive a maximum life sentence from Judge Jackie Glass on Friday. A pre-sentencing report recommended an 18-year sentence. On October 3, a jury convicted Simpson, 61, and co-defendant Clarence "C.J." Stewart of 12 charges, including conspiracy to commit a crime, robbery, assault and kidnapping with a deadly weapon.  Watch Stewart talk about the night they were arrested » . Their convictions stem from a September 13, 2007, fracas at the Palace Station Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas. Prosecutors alleged that Simpson led a group of men who used threats, guns and force to take sports memorabilia from dealers Bruce Fromong and Al Beardsley. Simpson said he was attempting to recover items that belonged to him. Four men charged with Simpson cut deals with the prosecution and testified against him. One testified that Simpson asked him to bring a gun to the encounter. "These were not crimes committed on strangers, but were acts stemming from prior relationships with the individuals in the room at the Palace Station," Grasso wrote in the memorandum. "There was overwhelming evidence at trial that Simpson's intent was to recover property that was his and only his," the lawyer argued. "The trial testimony showed Simpson's intent was to return anything that did not belong to him. This intention can be heard throughout the recordings of the Palace Station incident." He added,  "However, there is nothing in the record to show that Simpson evinced a criminal mind or showed the requisite criminal intent." Because of that and other factors, Grasso wrote, Simpson's sentence should fall on the low end of the minimum sentencing range. In a sentencing brief for Stewart, 54, defense attorney E. Brent Byron said his client also should be sentenced to six years, noting he "did not kill anyone, nor did he bind or gag anyone." He had no weapon and "no witness testified that Mr. Stewart knew that weapons were going to be used," the brief said. Both sentencing memorandums note that one of the victims, Beardsley, did not even want the case prosecuted. Attorneys for both Simpson and Stewart have filed motions seeking a new trial. Simpson's lawyers cite seven reasons why a new trial should be granted in their brief, including that he was denied a fair hearing when two African-Americans were dismissed from the potential jury pool. An all-white jury convicted the men.
highlights: NEW: Probation report recommends 18 years; defense asks for six . O.J. Simpson convicted of robbery, kidnapping in October . Judge to sentence Simpson on Friday in Las Vegas sports memorabilia case .
id: e06429ad69ea20dfead1fd2570124e733e57b117
chatgpt: Former football star and actor O.J. Simpson will face sentencing on Friday in a Las Vegas courtroom for charges of robbery and kidnapping. The charges stem from a 2007 incident in which Simpson and several accomplices entered a Las Vegas hotel room to retrieve sports memorabilia Simpson claimed was rightfully his. Yesterday, a probation report recommended a sentence of 18 years for Simpson, who was convicted in October 2008. Simpson's defense team, however, has asked for a much more lenient sentence of just six years. Simpson, who is now 70 years old, gained widespread notoriety in the 1990s for his highly publicized trial and eventual acquittal in the murder of his ex-wife Nicole Brown Simpson and her friend Ron Goldman. Although he was found not guilty in that case, a civil court later found him liable for the deaths of Brown Simpson and Goldman. During his trial for robbery and kidnapping, Simpson and his co-defendants argued that they were simply attempting to retrieve property that had been stolen from Simpson, including items related to his storied football career. The prosecution countered that Simpson and his accomplices used force and intimidation to enter the room and take the items. In addition to the potential 18-year sentence, Simpson could also face millions of dollars in damages in a civil suit filed by the victims of the incident. Simpson's current legal troubles are just the latest in a long string of controversies surrounding the former football star. Despite his acquittal in the murder trial, many Americans continue to view Simpson as guilty and the subject of ongoing public fascination.  The sentencing hearing, which is expected to last several hours, is likely to be closely watched by journalists and legal experts eager to see how the judge will respond to the probation report's recommendations. Some legal analysts believe that Simpson may receive a lesser sentence than the one recommended in the probation report. They point to his advanced age and lack of prior criminal record as factors that could mitigate the severity of his punishment. Others, however, argue that the serious nature of the charges against Simpson, combined with his previous brushes with the law, make it unlikely that he will receive a sentence shorter than the one recommended by the probation report. Regardless of the outcome of the sentencing hearing, it is clear that O.J. Simpson's controversial legacy will continue to generate interest and debate among Americans for many years to come.