article: By . Katy Winter . PUBLISHED: . 03:22 EST, 10 April 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 03:22 EST, 10 April 2013 . Most women can relate to the irritation of wearing a heavy, uncomfortable bra for a long day. We look forward to removing our brassieres when we get home with the same enthusiasm as ditching a pair of high heels. Now M&S have released a super lightweight bra designed to remove the discomfort associated with good support. The new Light as Air bra may look no different to other fashion bras but it weighs much less and is designed to be super comfy and breathable . The Light as Air™ bra is a new concept which provides shape and fit but is also incredibly light and designed to feel like wearing nothing at all. Weighing 39 grams, this bra is 11 grams lighter than the average bra and is the lightest bra sold by M&S. But unlike many super comfortable items of lingerie the sleek looking bra won’t let you down with support or in the fashion stakes. The chic minimalist design means you won’t be embarrassed to strip down into your underwear should the mood strike you. The bra is also designed to mold to the wearer, providing ample support for that morning run to catch a bus but without the bulk of heavy padding. The cups are padding free, yet maintain a smooth shape and a mesh lining along the wire channel provides extra breathability and comfort. Paschal Little, Head of Lingerie Innovation at M&S says 'The ultra light weight and breathable materials used in our brand new Light as Air TM bra are developed to keep you cool and comfortable in the warmer months. The Light as Air bra also comes in nude and black, available in sizes 32A to 40DD and costs £19.50 . ‘We have incorporated an airy, open work channel below the cup to increase the feeling of coolness, comfort and airflow through the garment. This modern concept bra is neither padded nor non padded, but is moulded to give you a feminine shape with definition' Not only is this bra the perfect cool summer solution but it’s also the perfect bra to wear under some of this season’s hottest trends. Soozie Jenkinson, Head of Lingerie Design at M&S says 'In line with the emerging Summer trends towards more elegant dressing and sheerer layers we launch our new Light as Air TM bra. 'Designed to complement your new look summer wardrobe, this new bra sets the pace for a fresh approach to new summer underpinnings.'
highlights: M&S have launched their new Light as Air bra to eliminate discomfort . It weighs 39 grams, which is 11 grams lighter than the average bra . Sizes range from 32A to 40DD, and it retails at £19.50 . The bra comes in and comes in black, white and nude . Mesh lining along the wire channel provides extra breathability and comfort .
id: 2ccf1aaa36305ed446c550a5bc152b38d09bfc45
chatgpt: Marks and Spencer (M&S) has launched a new bra that promises to eliminate discomfort for women. Dubbed the "Light as Air", this new bra weighs only 39 grams - 11 grams lighter than the average bra.  The bra comes in sizes ranging from 32A to 40DD and retails at a very affordable price of £19.50. It is available in classic colors: black, white, and nude.  M&S has focused on maximizing comfort, incorporating a mesh lining along the wire channel, which will provide extra breathability for users. The bras have been designed to be as comfortable as possible, to ensure that women can wear them for extended periods of time without experiencing any discomfort. In recent years, M&S has invested heavily in developing comfortable bras for women of all shapes and sizes. The release of the Light as Air bra is the latest example of their commitment to this cause. The company stated that the new bra was created with the feedback of its customers, who were looking for a comfortable and lightweight bra that can be worn all day without causing any irritation or discomfort.  "We know that wearing a bra can be a bit of a nuisance sometimes, and we've used customer feedback to create something that feels like it's not even there." stated Laura Charles, Head of Lingerie Design at M&S. M&S claims that this new Light as Air bra has been rigorously tested to ensure that it will provide long-lasting comfort. The bra materials, which include a 75% polyamide blend and 25% elastane, are designed to be soft, lightweight and extremely breathable. One of the key benefits of the Light as Air bra is that it delivers all of this comfort without sacrificing style or support. Unlike some other lighter bras on the market, the Light as Air bra offers great coverage and support - especially for larger cup sizes.  Many women are excited about the release of this new bra, which could become a game-changer for those who have been looking for something that is affordable, stylish, and, most importantly, comfortable to wear.  Overall, M&S's new Light as Air bra is a welcome addition to their range of lingerie. It has been designed with a focus on comfort, without compromising on style or support. With its affordable price point, wide range of sizes, and breathable materials, it has the potential to become a firm favorite among women who are looking for a comfortable and practical bra option.