article: By . Rebecca Evans . PUBLISHED: . 04:29 EST, 11 April 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 19:06 EST, 11 April 2013 . 'Never heard of it': Judge Heather Norton expressed astonishment that the prisoner had been sent on a sleep course . A judge has expressed  her astonishment after  being told how a violent prisoner had taken a course on ‘how to get a good night’s sleep’ in his jail cell. Heroin addict Paul Richards,  45, was given classes on how to meditate and develop a healthy sleeping pattern while on remand for assaulting his partner and  possessing drugs. The lessons include advice on the importance of regular bedtimes and taking exercise. Richards’s lawyer, Oliver Kirk, told  Canterbury Crown Court the treatment was designed to help drug users and alcoholics learn to tell the ‘difference between night and day’. But judge Heather Norton, who  was handed a certificate to show Richards had passed the ‘sleep course’, said she had ‘never heard’ of such a programme. She said: ‘This is the first time I have ever heard of someone learning to sleep in their cell. ‘I have never ever heard of anything like this being offered to prisoners.’ Richards, of Dover, was arrested in January last year and jailed because he had a suspended sentence hanging over him for an earlier attack on his partner. He was sent on the course at Elmley prison, on the Isle of Sheppey, while awaiting trial for the attack on Lisa Kennett, which left her ‘terrified for her life’ and with injuries to her  face and body. At the court hearing, Mr Kirk explained that the course ‘is designed to help prisoners meditate and get into a good sleeping routine in their cells and assist them with addressing their drug or alcohol abuse’. He added that many people depending on addictive substances ‘needed help understanding the need to get a good night’s sleep’. Judge Norton replied: ‘That’s news both to me and my fellow judges here at Canterbury Crown Court.’ Prison course: Paul Richards, 45, was sent on a sleeping course while awaiting trial at Canterbury Crown Court (pictured) The therapy encourages prisoners to go to bed at ‘regular times’ and to ‘exercise regularly’ and teaches them that alcohol is a stimulant which doesn’t help them sleep well. Richards admitted common  assault, possession of cannabis and resisting arrest, and was jailed for eight months. Prosecutor Jim Harvey said the attack against Miss Kennett was the second assault she had been subjected to during the stormy relationship, which the court heard she wished to resume. In 2010 it emerged that violent prisoners at Shepton Mallet jail, in Somerset, were given yoga courses to teach them how to relax using ‘Taoist meditation breath work’. And at Portland prison in Dorset, inmates have been taught to control the movement of horses ‘simply by using body language and attitude’ in the hope that developing skills such as communication and empathy would help stop them reoffending.
highlights: Paul Richards, 45, taught how to 'meditate' and get into a 'good sleep pattern' during the classes . He was being held at HMP Elmley after being arrested for attacking his partner Lisa Kennett . He was given a certificate to show that he had 'passed' the course . Barrister said some drug addicts 'needed help understanding the need to get a good night's sleep' Revelations come after inmates at another jail were given yoga classes .
id: ac20e544d57f448f13b702fb7279e7df9edb968f
chatgpt: Inmates at HMP Elmley have been given meditation classes to learn how to get a good night's sleep, according to reports. Led by inmate Paul Richards, the classes were established to help fellow inmates establish a healthy sleep pattern while incarcerated. Just 45 years of age, Richards was arrested for attacking his partner Lisa Kennett and has been serving time in the prison as a result. Despite his incarceration, Richards saw the opportunity to help others with his valuable insights. The meditation instructor also received a certificate to acknowledge his successful completion of the course, which he presented to other inmates as proof of his credentials. Speaking about the initiative, a barrister working in criminal law said that drug addicts, in particular, are likely to benefit from such classes, as they often fail to understand the importance of getting a good night's sleep. This revelation follows reports in other prisons where yoga classes have been introduced to promote mental and physical wellbeing among inmates. The classes have received widespread praise from both prisoners and staff, who reported a significant improvement in the mood and behavior of inmates who have attended the classes. Experts have long advocated for the introduction of such programs in prisons, arguing that they can help reduce the likelihood of reoffending by equipping inmates with valuable life skills. They also promote mental and physical health, which can be crucial for those who are already struggling with addiction or mental health issues. However, some critics have questioned the efficacy of such programs, arguing that they are little more than a way for prisons to appear 'soft' on crime. Some also point to the limited resources available to prisons, arguing that they should be spent on more pressing issues, such as healthcare and education. Despite these concerns, the introduction of classes like yoga and meditation is undoubtedly a step in the right direction. These initiatives promote positive change in the prison environment, fostering an atmosphere of personal growth and development. For Paul Richards, the meditation lessons he's taught at HMP Elmley have not only helped his fellow inmates learn how to sleep better, but they've also provided him with an opportunity to use his skills and experience to make a positive impact on his surroundings. With more prisoners taking part in such classes, the future looks brighter for both inmates and staff of correctional facilities across the UK.