article: By . Associated Press . and Mail online Reporter . Police have returned a life-size statue of President Barack Obama that went missing from its owner's northeastern Pennsylvania porch and was found a few days later reclining on a nearby park bench with a six-pack of Twisted Tea. The owner, Tiffany Bruce, says she was relieved to get it back Thursday. The statue, purchased at a furniture store last year, depicts Obama smiling and sitting casually, his legs crossed and his right arm flung out. Scroll down for video . The statue, purchased at a furniture store last year, depicts Obama smiling and sitting casually, his legs crossed and his right arm flung out . Police have returned a life-size statue of President Barack Obama that went missing from its owner's northeastern Pennsylvania porch and was found a few days later reclining on a nearby park bench with a six-pack of Twisted Tea . Bruce paid $1,200 for the statue, she told WNEP. 'It’s Obama. Everybody loves Obama. Well, I do,' she said. Bruce decorated the statue as Santa Claus on Christmas and arranged pumpkins around him on Thanksgiving. She says her five children love the statue, and she was startled enough by the theft to be hospitalized for a panic attack. 'What did you do with Obama?' the children asked her, according to The Washington Post. 'I freaked,' she told The Scranton Times-Tribune. 'I couldn't breath, my eyes were red and watery.' She said she was briefly convinced the statue was hidden as a prank, and planned to tie the statue down if it was returned. Owner Tiffany Bruce says her five children love the statue, and she was startled enough by the theft to be hospitalized for a panic attack . The furniture store's employees had been planning to replace it with another statue for free. It was finally discovered by fisherman Bill Phillips who recognized it from news reports and called the police. 'I just happen to glance down at the . picnic table down here and I was like no it really isn’t,' he told Eyewitness News. Bruce said she's happy the ordeal is over. 'I’m . just glad he is back,' she told reporters. 'I don’t wanna press charges or . anything. It was probably a stupid prank and they got scared because of . all the publicity.'
highlights: Owner Tiffany Bruce said she was so traumatized by the theft she had a panic attack . Statue discovered on a park bench with six-pack of Twisted Tea . Bruce said she would tie the statue down to prevent another theft .
id: 50efecf649b4ba1a665bd9b83bdd14c3df34f17e
chatgpt: A statue that had been stolen from its owner was discovered in a rather unique way. The statue had been missing for days, and the owner, Tiffany Bruce, was left feeling traumatized by the theft. The statue had been a gift from her late mother, and its theft had left Bruce feeling distraught. However, a miraculous discovery gave her back her prized possession. The statue was discovered early in the morning, resting on a park bench with a six-pack of Twisted Tea. The discovery was made by a jogger who was passing by the bench. It was an unusual sight, and the jogger couldn't believe what he was seeing. He immediately contacted the authorities, and within moments, a police officer arrived on the scene. The police officer immediately recognized the statue, thanks to the description provided by Tiffany Bruce. He called her and informed her that her statue had been found. Bruce was elated upon hearing the news and rushed to the park to retrieve her statue. Bruce could hardly contain her emotions upon being reunited with her statue, which had been tied down by the police upon its discovery. She expressed her gratitude to the police officer and the jogger who had discovered the statue, saying that she was now able to breathe a sigh of relief. In an interview with local news outlets, Bruce said that she had suffered a panic attack after the statue was stolen, and that the discovery had brought her immense peace of mind. She stated that she would be tying the statue down to ensure that it would not be stolen again. The statue is a beloved heirloom, and its theft was a significant blow to Bruce. Being reunited with it was a joyous moment for the owner, who thanked the jogger and the police officer for their help in recovering the statue. The park bench where the statue was discovered will likely always hold a special place in Bruce's heart. The Twisted Tea, on the other hand, remains a mystery, although it could be the thief's attempt to apologize for the theft. Whatever the case may be, Bruce is just happy to have her statue back home where it belongs.