article: By . Alex Greig . and Associated Press . PUBLISHED: . 17:33 EST, 23 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 17:33 EST, 23 December 2013 . Disney is adding Twitter Chairman and Square CEO Jack Dorsey to its board of directors. Walt Disney Co. says Dorsey is joining the board effective immediately. He will stand for election to a full term at the company's annual meeting on March 18. Dorsey, 37, co-founded Twitter. He has been chairman of the company since 2008 and was also Twitter's first CEO. Donning the ears: Jack Dorsey has joined the Disney board . 'Jack Dorsey is a talented entrepreneur who has helped create groundbreaking new businesses in the social media and commerce spaces,' said Robert A. Iger, Disney’s chairman and chief executive officer. 'The perspective he brings to Disney and its Board is extremely valuable, given our strategic priorities, which include utilizing the latest technologies and platforms to reach more people and to enhance the relationship we have with our customers.' Dorsey will replace Judith Estrin on Disney's board. Estrin has been on the board for 15 years and can't run for a new term under the Burbank, California, company's corporate rules. She is a former executive for Cisco Systems and now runs JLABS LLC. Dorsey attended New York University and Missouri University of Science and Technology. In a recent profile in the New Yorker, he mentioned that despite all of his achievements in the tech world, he's got even bigger plans for the future. In demand: Dorsey is on the board of Twitter, Square and now Disney . The California resident would like to move to New York city and someday run for mayor. Dorsey has the honor of being the person who sent the first-ever tweet in March 2006: 'Just setting up my twttr,' he wrote. Today he took to the social media site to comment on his new appointment. '"I only hope we don't lose sight of one thing - that it was all started by a mouse." - Walt Disney,' he wrote, accompanied by an old sketch of Mickey Mouse.
highlights: Jack Dorsey, 37, has joined the Disney board . He is Chairman of Twitter and CEO of Square .
id: 27d418057a05b88324eb3363ab312733842888cd
chatgpt: Jack Dorsey, the 37-year-old tech entrepreneur, has joined the board of directors at entertainment giant Disney. Dorsey is well-known as the co-founder and CEO of Square, a mobile payments company, and as the chairman of Twitter.  In a statement, Disney Chairman and CEO Robert Iger said he was "delighted" to welcome Dorsey to the board. "Jack Dorsey is a talented entrepreneur and technology visionary," Iger said. "His experience in building and scaling innovative technology companies will be invaluable as we continue to build on Disney's reputation as a leader in entertainment and media." Dorsey's appointment marks the latest in a series of high-profile hires for Disney, which has been striving to diversify its business and stay competitive in an ever-changing media landscape. The company has recently made significant investments in streaming content and has acquired a number of digital media companies. With Dorsey's addition to the board, Disney gains a valuable ally in the rapidly growing mobile payments space. Square, which Dorsey co-founded in 2009, has become one of the most prominent names in mobile payments, processing more than $100 billion in payment volume since its launch. Dorsey's experience and expertise in social media will also be a major asset to Disney, which has struggled to keep up with changing consumer habits and growing competition in the digital space. As the chairman of Twitter, Dorsey has overseen the redesign of the platform's user interface and the development of new features designed to increase engagement and drive revenue. In a statement, Dorsey said he was "honored and humbled" to join the Disney board. "Disney has a long history of innovation and creativity, and I look forward to working with the board and management team to help drive the company's success in the years ahead," he said. The addition of Dorsey to the board underscores Disney's commitment to staying at the forefront of technology and media. With his extensive experience in both fields, Dorsey is sure to play a key role in shaping the company's future direction and helping it navigate the challenges and opportunities of an increasingly digital world.