article: Distressing video of an 11-year-old autistic boy being repeatedly punched in the head by a fellow pupil as they waited for the school bus has been posted on Facebook. Kaleb Kula is standing alone in a driveway when he is smacked across the right cheek and then pushed by his assailant, whose face has been obscured, as a baying mob of students cheer. One boy can be heard screaming: 'Yo, beat the s*** out of him!' Scroll down for video . Target: Kaleb Kula, 11, is seen standing alone waiting for the bus on mobile phone footage posted on Facebook . Brutal: A boy, who cannot be identified, punches Kaleb , who has autism, directly in the face while other students cheer him on in Maryland . Violent: As Kaleb turns away after being struck in the head, his attacker grabs him from behind . The incident in Elkton, Maryland, was filmed on a mobile phone by another pupil and then uploaded to a Facebook page. It was viewed dozens of times before Kaleb's parents became aware of its existence. In an interview with  local station WMAR-TV, they  claimed that the sixth grader, who suffers from a form of autism . along with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, has endured years of bullying at Elkton Middle School. His father, James Kula added: 'At least kids that don't have special needs can defend themselves a little bit more. He's pretty much defenceless.' Mr . Kula and his wife Jessica said they have contacted the school numerous . times about the bullying but little has been done. Last year, they were . given a form to fill out to officially report their son was being attacked. Relentless attacks: Kaleb Kula, 11, was punched in the face by a fellow student while he waited for the school bus in Elkton, Maryland . Distress: James and Jessica Kula said they have complained about the bullying to Elkton Middle School but little has been done to protect their son . Mrs Kula said: 'I just can't believe that kids can be so mean.' Sitting . with his parents, Kaleb Kula said he has been threatened and attacked . for years at his school. He told the station: 'They call me homosexual. They try kicking me, pushing me, punching me and a lot of other things.' Police have charged the boy who hit Kaleb as a juvenile with second degree assault. School . officials would not comment directly on the incident but said that . there were procedures in place to prevent bullying and protect students. The school said that bullies can be . disciplined and parents of pupils were often brought to the school to . discuss conflict between children. WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT .
highlights: Kaleb Kula punched across face as he stood alone in a driveway . Middle school pupils cheered and filmed attack to put on Facebook . Parents say he has been target of bullies at Elkton Middle School . Police say they have charged juvenile with second degree assault .
id: 8cf05a7e4d0948b1a70a96c608609243cfe16a69
chatgpt: A student from Elkton Middle School was beaten by a group of middle school pupils while standing alone in a driveway. Kaleb Kula was punched across the face while the group cheered and filmed the attack to later post it on Facebook. The incident occurred after school on Tuesday afternoon in the city of Elkton, Maryland. Parents of Kaleb Kula say he has been a target of bullies at Elkton Middle School for some time. According to them, they have reported several incidents to the school administration, but no action was taken. They are now demanding that the school does more to protect their children from bullying. The police have arrested and charged a juvenile with second-degree assault. The names of the juveniles involved in the attack have not been released as they are minors. Bullying has become a major problem in schools across America, with incidents such as these becoming increasingly common. It is estimated that about one in five students in the US is a victim of bullying. Kaleb Kula's parents say they hope this incident will serve as a wake-up call to the school administration to take bullying more seriously. Speaking to reporters, Kaleb Kula's father, David Kula, said, "We have had enough; this has got to stop! No child should have to go through what Kaleb did. We want the school to take action to ensure that our children are safe while in school." Kaleb Kula himself has spoken out about the incident, saying that he was scared and did not know what to do. He has called for all schools across the country to do more to combat bullying and make students feel safe. The Elkton Middle School administration has yet to comment on the incident. However, the school district has issued a statement saying that they take all incidents of bullying seriously and have policies and procedures in place to deal with such situations. The incident has also raised concerns among parents about the use of social media by children to harass and bully others. The footage of the attack, which was posted on Facebook, has since been removed. However, parents are calling on Facebook to do more to prevent such content from being posted on its platform. The incident has left the Elkton community shocked and outraged. Many parents are calling for an end to bullying in schools and are demanding that more be done to ensure the safety of students. In conclusion, the attack on Kaleb Kula highlights the need for schools to address the issue of bullying more seriously. It is the responsibility of schools to provide a safe and supportive environment for all their students. Parents and communities must also come together to support initiatives aimed at ending bullying and making schools safer for all students.