article: (CNN) -- A surprise in Kansas Wednesday night is setting the stage for an even more interesting U.S. Senate race this fall. Democratic candidate Chad Taylor decided to drop out of the race, which means more support may go to an independent candidate against Republican incumbent Sen. Pat Roberts. In a statement to the Wichita Eagle, Taylor said, "After much consideration and prolonged discussion with my supporters, my staff, and party leadership at every level, I have decided to end my campaign for the United States Senate." The move came hours after independent candidate Greg Orman announced support from a group of moderate Republicans. Orman's campaign may have a better shot now that the contest has narrowed to a two-person race. After word spread of Taylor's withdrawal, Orman in a statement said, "This is certainly an unexpected turn of events. Chad Taylor is a committed public servant. He ran an honorable campaign and worked hard, and I wish him and his family well." As CNN Chief National Correspondent John King reported Sunday on growing GOP concern about Roberts' campaign, the GOP needs a gain of six seats to win the Senate majority. If the party lost a Republican-held seat, such as the one in Kansas, it would have to win another Democratic seat toward the goal of netting six. "A number of top Republican strategists who have seen the latest research say (Roberts' re-election) is now hardly a sure thing," King said Sunday, while Democrat Taylor was still in the race. "These strategists are furious with Roberts personally, and even more so with a campaign team they say has not risen to the challenge. So there is mounting pressure on the other Kansas senator, Jerry Moran, who just happens to lead the National Republican Senatorial Committee." King added that "leading GOP voices" are pushing the NRSC to get more aggressive, including pushing for a shakeup in the Roberts campaign team. "And in the GOP super-PAC community, there are conversations that it might become necessary to spend money in a state that no one thought would be -- or should be -- on a 2014 list of potential Democratic pickups," King said. If the GOP super PACs have to suddenly shift money to Kansas, "a few GOP challengers in other states could see their outside help shrink," King said.
highlights: The Democratic candidate withdraws from the U.S. Senate race in Kansas . That means more support could go to the independent candidate . Republican incumbent Sen. Pat Roberts was once thought to be a shoe-in . GOP strategists are pushing Roberts to step it up .
id: b8f6af1b9a43c9442e1bce36fe71fd224ce1d745
chatgpt: In a surprise move, the Democratic candidate, Chad Taylor, has announced his withdrawal from the U.S. Senate race in Kansas. Taylor, who is the district attorney of Shawnee County, had been seen as a potentially strong contender against the incumbent Republican Sen. Pat Roberts. However, with Taylor out of the picture, the race could become more competitive than previously anticipated. One potential beneficiary of Taylor’s withdrawal is Greg Orman, an independent candidate who has been gaining ground in the polls. Orman, a businessman and political outsider, has been garnering support from both Democrats and moderate Republicans who are disillusioned with the political establishment. With Taylor out of the race, these voters could be more inclined to throw their support behind Orman. For Sen. Pat Roberts, Taylor’s withdrawal throws a wrench in what had been seen as a solid re-election campaign. Roberts, who has been in the Senate since 1997, is a seasoned politician who had been expected to coast to victory against a relatively unknown Democrat. However, with Orman now potentially splitting the vote, Roberts and the Republican Party will need to work harder to maintain their hold on the seat. GOP strategists are reportedly concerned about Roberts’ performance in the race thus far. Some are urging him to step up his game and become more aggressive in attacking his opponents, rather than relying on his seniority and experience to carry him to victory. Roberts, for his part, has defended his record and promised to fight for conservative values if reelected. The stakes in the Kansas Senate race are high, as the outcome could have national implications. If Republicans are able to hold onto the seat, they would increase their chances of regaining control of the Senate. However, if the Democrats or an independent candidate were to win, it would be seen as a significant upset and could potentially shift the balance of power in Washington. Taylor’s withdrawal from the race is just the latest twist in what has already been a highly-contested campaign season. With less than two months to go until the election, candidates and their supporters will be working hard to win over undecided voters and get their message out to the public. The race in Kansas is sure to be closely watched by political observers across the country as it enters the home stretch.