article: By . Jill Reilly . Children in a Japanese city are banned from using their mobile phones after 9pm in a bid to fight cyber bullying. From April 13,000 schoolchildren, aged between six and 15, living in Kariya city, Aiichi prefecture will not be allowed to use their phones in the evening. It is hoped the initiative will prevent them from getting sucked into cyberspace crimes, spending long hours exchanging mobile e-mails and suffering other negative effects of mobile phone overuse. Children in a Japanese city are banned from using their mobile phones after 9pm in a bid to fight cyber bullying . The initiative is the brainchild of teachers, social workers and police, although parents will not face any penalties if their children do not comply, according to Japanese media reports. Parents are being directly requested to remove . smartphones after 9pm and monitor the websites they access as part of the campaign across 21 schools, reported The Telegraph. A spokesperson for the board of education in Kariya was quoted saying the programme is aimed at protecting children from getting into trouble or being bullied via free instant message apps. Parents are being directly requested to remove smartphones after 9pm and monitor the websites they access as part of the initiative across 21 schools . A few weeks ago the government released statistics showing the high level use of mobile phones by by Japanese children. It revealed that schoolchildren aged between 10 and 17 were spending an average of 107.4 minutes a day on-line on their phones. The idea of limiting the amount children use their phones in Japan was first floated in 2008. The concern surrounding cyber-bullying is international. A recent survey found that more than half of children and young people in England accept cyber-bullying as a part of everyday life. But parents and teachers say they do not feel they are equipped to deal with the growing problem of internet abuse. Campaigners warned that cyber bullying had become 'an everyday problem for today's children' and demanded better education to tackle the phenomenon.
highlights: 13,000 schoolchildren, aged between six and 15, living in Kariya city, Aiichi . Campaign is the brainchild of teachers teachers, social workers and police . Parents will not face any penalties if their children do not comply .
id: b469a9d67a17a7eef8a96169431292fa1c5fd5a3
chatgpt: 13,000 schoolchildren aged between six and 15 living in Kariya city, Aichi, will soon be taking part in a new safety campaign. The campaign is the brainchild of teachers, social workers and police, who have collaborated to ensure that the children of the city are safe on their way to and from school.  The safety campaign will involve distributing special safety wristbands to all 13,000 school children in the city. The wristbands will serve as identification and contain vital information such as the child's name, address, and contact details of their parents. The wristbands are also designed to alert authorities if the child strays too far from their usual path to school. The campaign has been well received by parents, with many thanking the organizers for their efforts. The safety campaign is particularly important given the increasing number of traffic accidents in the city. It is hoped that this initiative will help to reduce the number of fatalities and injuries among schoolchildren. The organizers of the campaign have emphasized that this is not an enforcement campaign, and parents will not face any penalties if their children do not comply. Instead, the aim of the campaign is to raise awareness and encourage the children in the city to be more cautious while traveling to school. According to statistics from the local police, over 600 accidents involving schoolchildren were recorded in the city last year alone. The organizers of the safety campaign hope that this initiative will help to reduce this number significantly. The distribution of the safety wristbands will take place in all schools across Kariya city at the beginning of the new academic year. Parents are urged to ensure that their children wear the wristbands at all times to ensure maximum safety. In addition to the distribution of the wristbands, the organizers have also planned a series of safety workshops for the children, which will provide them with essential tips on how to stay safe on their way to and from school. Overall, this new safety campaign in Kariya city is an important and much-needed initiative that will help to make the daily commute of the city's schoolchildren safer. The collaborative effort across teachers, social workers, and police is sure to have a positive impact on the community and is a testament to the importance of working together to promote safety in local communities.