article: Crooked shop manager Tom Humble has avoided jail after stealing more than £23,000 worth of donated mobile phones . An assistant  manager at Vodafone has managed to avoid a jail term after he stole more than £23,000 worth of mobile phones which had been donated to charity. Tom Humble sold hundreds of the stolen phones online and pocketed the profits during the four year scam. The mobile phones had been donated at the store in Eastgate Shopping Centre in Basildon, Essex as part of a charity scheme. Customers were told their donated devices would be recycled with all proceeds going to charity. Instead, they were stolen by Humble who took 461 phones from the store before selling them on to mobile trading website Mazuma Mobile. Humble appeared at Basildon Crown Court yesterday where he was told the only reason he wasn't going to jail was because he had found himself a job and was supporting his family. He was handed a 16-month suspended prison sentence and ordered to complete 150 hours of community service. The 28-year-old, from Westcliff, Essex, had been working as a senior sales advisor on £17,000-a-year at the Vodafone store in the Eastgate Centre in Basildon, Essex, when the thefts began in 2009. A year later he was promoted to assistant manager but, despite a £6,500 pay rise, he continued to steal from the store's mobile phone recycling bin. His thefts were eventually exposed in late 2013 following an internal investigation by Vodafone who then called in Essex Police. Ian Clift, mitigating, claimed his client had stolen to help support his girlfriend in their new home and had now taken an honest office job in a bid to rebuild his life. The mobile phones had been donated at the Vodafone store in Eastgate Shopping Centre in Basildon, Essex (pictured) as part of a charity scheme . He added: 'His strategy for solving their problems was deeply flawed. 'He committed this crime with a heavy heart and feels a great deal of shame.' Sentencing Humble, Recorder Robert Glancy said: 'There are a lot of people in the country who find themselves under financial pressure but they do not resort to thieving from their employer when trusted to run a shop. 'This crime is made worse by the fact you knew the proceeds were going to charity. 'It is because you have found a job and are the source of support for your family you are not going to prison immediately.' Humble was sentenced to a 16-month suspended prison sentence and 150 hours of community service when he appeared at Basildon Crown Court (pictured)
highlights: Tom Humble, 28, stole hundreds of phones while working at Vodafone . Devices were brought to the store in Basildon as part of a charity scheme . But Humble took the phones and sold them online keeping the cash .
id: ea536c509c4c6e28682dbeb1c870cb85d3914474
chatgpt: Vodafone has been hit with a huge theft scandal that could dent the company's reputation. Tom Humble, a former employee of the company, has been found to have stolen hundreds of smartphones while working at a store in Basildon, UK. The phones were brought to the store as part of a charity scheme, but Humble used the opportunity to steal them and sell them online. Humble's actions have caused outrage among the community and Vodafone is currently facing backlash over the incident. It is estimated that Humble made thousands of pounds from the sales and he was eventually caught when some of the stolen phones were traced back to his online account. The charity scheme that was supposed to benefit underprivileged children in the area has now been tarnished by this incident. Parents who thought they were donating phones to a good cause are now left feeling cheated, and many are calling for Vodafone to re-evaluate their charity scheme policies to ensure that such incidents do not occur again in the future. Humble, who is only 28, is now facing legal action and could potentially serve jail time for his actions. His case has also brought attention to the issue of employee theft and the measures that businesses need to put in place in order to prevent such incidents from happening in the future. There have been reports suggesting that Vodafone will conduct a thorough review of its policies to prevent a similar situation from happening in the future. The theft could also have wider implications for Vodafone, as it could potentially lose the trust of customers who may now be more hesitant to bring their devices to stores for recycling or donation. Additionally, the incident could damage the reputation of the company, which has long emphasized ethical practices as part of its brand identity. The company has released a statement condemning the actions of the employee and expressing its deep regret over the incident. Vodafone said it was committed to ensuring that all charity donations were handled in a responsible and ethical manner and promised to take measures to prevent a recurrence of this type of incident. In conclusion, the Vodafone theft scandal has caused a lot of concern and outrage within the community. The incident has damaged the reputation of the company, as well as that of the charity scheme. Vodafone has promised to take action to prevent a recurrence of this type of incident and it remains to be seen whether the company will be able to rebuild trust among its customers.