article: The daughter of one of America's most notorious serial killers is attacking Stephen King for using her father as the inspiration for his new film. Kerri Rawson, the daughter of Wichita, Kansas, BTK (Bind, Torture, Kill) serial killer Dennis Rader, has said King is 'exploiting' the people her father killed, and her own family ,with his new film, A Good Marriage. The movie, which is set to hit theaters October 3, is about a woman who is unaware her husband is a serial killer. Scroll down for video . Devastated daughter: Kerri Rawson (left) has attacked author Stephen King for saying her father, Dennis Rader (right), the notorious BTK killer, inspired his new film . Attacked: King (above)has yet to comment on Rawson's interview . Inspiration: Joan Allen and Anthony LaPaglia (above) in a scene from the new Stephen King film, A Good Marriage . It is based on a short story the author wrote in 2010, which he then adapted for the screen. Coming soon: The film is set to hit theaters next Friday, and Rawson is hoping that King will donate the money he makes to 'abused children, battered wives, or police' While promoting the film, King has said on programs like The View that he was inspired by the BTK killer when he came up with the idea for the story, about a man whose own family was unaware of the horrible atrocities he had committed. Rawson, 36, and her family were also unaware her father was a killer. 'He’s exploiting my father’s 10 victims and their families,' Rawson told the The Kansas City Star. She then said of her father, 'He is not worth all the books and the news stories and all the attention.' Rader was arrested in 2005 and charged with 10 murders which occurred between 1974 and 1991. He received the nickname the BTK killer for the way in which he would bind and torture his victims before eventually killing them. He was caught after he sent a floppy disc to police, which they were able to trace back to him. He is currently serving 10 consecutive life sentences. 'He’s just going to give my father a big head, and he absolutely does not need that,' Rawson added. 'Great – now Stephen King is giving my father a big head. Thanks for that. That’s the last thing my dad should get.' She does think there is one way however King could do the right thing after the film, which stars Joan Allen and Anthony LaPaglia, opens next week. 'Any money King makes off this story should go either to abused children, battered wives, or police.' In the meantime, she said she is never reading one of King's novels again.
highlights: Kerri Rawson, the daughter of the notorious BTK killer, is attacking Stephen King for saying her father inspired his new film . A Good Marriage, based on one of King's short stories, is about a woman who is unaware her husband in a serial killer . The film, which stars Joan Allen and Anthony LaPaglia, opens next week .
id: c1ee1ab8e9c3c0b84403be1107cb9e29a028d8ae
chatgpt: Kerri Rawson, the daughter of the notorious BTK killer, Dennis Rader, has accused Stephen King of exploiting her father's crimes for his new film "A Good Marriage". Rawson, who has been vocal about the impact of her father's heinous acts on her life and family, is now attacking the renowned author for inspiring his latest work. King's new film "A Good Marriage" is based on one of his short stories, and stars Joan Allen and Anthony LaPaglia. The film is about a woman who discovers her husband is a serial killer, but had been completely unaware of his dark secret for years. Rawson believes the film was inspired by her father's crimes. In an interview with The Kansas City Star, Rawson expressed her anger over the film and King's alleged inspiration from her father's actions. She said, "It’s nothing that the family is going to go and see. There’s just no need to go there. I can’t think of anything more horrifying to be honest." Rawson believes that such works of fiction can further traumatize the families of the victims and the perpetrator, who are already struggling with the aftermath of the crimes. She said, "To use real people’s pain and suffering and their trauma for entertainment is just beyond the pale to me. It’s just insensitive to the families on all sides, including our family." The BTK killer, who was given the moniker for his modus operandi – he Bind, Tortured, and Killed his victims, was convicted of ten murders in the Wichita, Kansas area between 1974 and 1991. He eluded authorities for decades until his arrest in 2005, largely due to his meticulous planning and attention to detail. Rawson was shocked and devastated when her father was identified and arrested in 2005. Since then, she has been open about the impact of her father's actions on her life and the lives of everyone involved. She has written a book, "A Serial Killer's Daughter: My Story of Faith, Love, and Overcoming", to help other families of serial killers cope with the trauma inflicted by such crimes. The debate over the ethical implications of using real crimes as the inspiration for works of fiction is a long-standing one. While some believe that it can help raise awareness and understanding of the issues, others believe it can be exploitative and insensitive to the families involved. For Rawson, it is evident that the film has caused significant distress to her family, and she hopes that others will consider the impact of such works on those involved.  The film "A Good Marriage" opens next week and is likely to generate interest and controversy, given Rawson's comments and the subject matter it deals with. The debate over the ethical implications of using such material for fictional works is likely to continue as well.