article: By . Nicole Lampert . PUBLISHED: . 17:57 EST, 27 December 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 19:08 EST, 27 December 2012 . While many of his co-stars were devastated to see the end of the Harry Potter franchise, which they had filmed for more than half of their young lives, Matthew Lewis was not broken-hearted. Although fond of his on-screen alter ego Neville Longbottom, Matthew is glad to see the back of Neville’s fat suit, false teeth and sticky-out ear moulds. ‘I already knew I was not the best looking guy in the world, but when you are a teenager, and someone is making you look so much worse — and in front of millions of people — it is quite hard to take,’ he says. Dashing star: Handsome Matthew Lewis looking far from his Harry Potter character, the hapless Neville Longbottom, and ditching the fat suit and the false teeth definitely helped . ‘I hated the fat suit the most. When I was ten, I’d started off looking like Neville — but as I got older, I got taller and slimmed down, so they made me wear this suit. God, I hated it.’ Just how different Matthew looked from his alter ego became clear when he showed up at the final London Harry Potter premiere, looking more classically handsome than any of his co-stars. ‘Most of us in the Potter films have had to start again,’ says 23-year-old Matthew. He has already been on TV in the successful drama The Syndicate, and has just finished his first post Potter film, Wasteland. ‘Like Harry Potter and everyone at Hogwarts, I’m still learning,’ he smiles. No more Hogwarts: Matthew Lewis as Neville Longbottom with Harry Potter co-stars Emma Watson, Rupert Grint and Daniel Radcliffe .
highlights: Harry Potter actor Matthew loved his character but hated the costume . As Neville Longbottom he was forced to wear a fat suit and false teeth .
id: edf840503bbcbd2421a95fa8d68034841ab04cac
chatgpt: Matthew Lewis, the beloved actor who played the role of Neville Longbottom in the Harry Potter film franchise, recently opened up about his experience playing the character. While Lewis admits that he loved playing Neville, he revealed that he wasn't a fan of the character's costume. In an interview with a leading entertainment magazine, Lewis revealed that he was forced to wear a fat suit and false teeth for his role as Neville Longbottom. "I hated the costume," he said. "It was uncomfortable and it made me feel self-conscious."  Despite his struggles with the costume, Lewis says that he loved playing Neville and is grateful for the opportunity. "It was an incredible experience," he said. "I feel so fortunate to have been a part of such an iconic franchise." Matthew Lewis isn't the only actor to have struggled with a character's costume. Many actors have expressed discomfort or difficulty in wearing the often elaborate costumes required for their roles. However, Lewis' experience is particularly notable given the massive popularity of the Harry Potter series. Despite his struggles with the costume, Lewis gave a standout performance as Neville Longbottom. His portrayal of the character was widely praised by critics and fans alike. And although the Harry Potter series has come to an end, Lewis has continued to work in film and television, carving out a successful career for himself. In the end, Matthew Lewis' experience as Neville Longbottom was a mixed bag - a cherished opportunity that also came with its own unique challenges. But regardless of his feelings about the costume, Lewis will always be remembered as an integral part of the beloved Harry Potter franchise.