article: (CNN) -- Paris Hilton entered guilty pleas on two misdemeanor counts in a Las Vegas court and was placed on probation for a year Monday morning under a plea deal to settle a cocaine possession charge. Hilton admitted to the judge that cocaine found in a purse she was carrying after a traffic stop last month was hers and that she lied about it. "I said that the purse wasn't mine to the officer, your honor," Hilton said. A felony cocaine possession charge was dropped in exchange for Hilton's guilty pleas on misdemeanor charges of drug possession and obstruction of an officer. The celebrity-socialite will have to stay out of legal trouble for the next year or face time in a Las Vegas jail, Judge Joe Bonaventure told her. Any arrest, other than a minor traffic citation, would trigger a probation violation ruling, he said. "The Clark County Detention Center is not the Waldorf Astoria," Bonaventure said to Hilton. The judge also ordered Hilton to complete an intensive substance abuse program. "We've arranged for Ms. Hilton to be in an outpatient program," defense lawyer David Chesnoff told the judge. Hilton also will have to pay a $2,000 fine and complete 200 hours of community service, the judge said. She will not have to report to a probation officer. "You have to understand When you break the law here, there are consequences," the judge said. Bonaventure said it is not unusual for such felonies to be reduced to misdemeanors for defendants with no criminal record. "This is a typical negotiation," he said. "I know that Ms. Hilton is contrite and accepts responsibility for her actions," Chesnoff said. Hilton was arrested after a traffic stop on the Las Vegas strip on August 27. A motorcycle officer reported smelling the odor of marijuana coming from the Cadillac Escalade driven by her boyfriend, Cy Waits. A small plastic bag of cocaine fell out of a purse she was holding and into the hand of a police lieutenant while Hilton was being questioned, according to the police report. Hilton does have a criminal record, including a Los Angeles drunken driving arrest in 2006. She was arrested three times in the following months for driving on a suspended license. She spent two days in jail in June 2007 before Los Angeles County Sheriff Lee Baca released her, saying she could complete her 45-day sentence at home. The next day, however, a judge ordered her to return to jail, where she remained 18 more days.
highlights: Judge to Hilton: "You break the law here, there are consequences" Hilton will enter an outpatient drug treatment program . She was sentenced to a year probation and 200 hours community service . Another arrest would send her to jail, the judge said .
id: ad275bff44e398e1e7f75cc6c5f1d183a88e37de
chatgpt: Celebrity socialite and hotel heiress Paris Hilton has been sentenced to probation and community service after pleading guilty to drug possession charges. The sentence also includes a warning from the judge that any further breach of the law could result in her being sent to jail. Hilton appeared in court on Tuesday following her arrest earlier this month, during which police found cocaine in her possession. She pleaded guilty to a charge of drug possession, and was ordered to enter an outpatient drug treatment program as part of her rehabilitation. The judge was reportedly tough on Hilton during the hearing, warning her that "you break the law here, there are consequences." He impressed upon her the need to take the charges seriously, telling her that "this is an opportunity for you to overcome this and not let it affect your entire life." In addition to probation and community service, Hilton was also fined and ordered to attend drug counseling. The judge told her that if she was arrested for any further drug offenses or failed to comply with the terms of her probation, she could face up to a year in jail. Hilton has a history of legal troubles, having been arrested for driving under the influence in 2006 and again in 2007. She served just 23 days of a 45-day jail sentence in the latter case, and later claimed that the experience had left her traumatized. This time around, however, Hilton has been proactive in seeking help for her addiction issues. In a statement released after the hearing, she said that she was "ready to face the consequences of my actions." "I hope that my story will serve as a warning to others who are struggling with addiction," Hilton said. "Seeking help is not a sign of weakness, and I am grateful for the support of my friends and family." Hilton's legal woes have drawn considerable media attention, with some criticizing her previous light sentences as evidence of celebrity privilege. However, the judge's strong words and warning of jail time suggest that this time around, she will face the full consequences of her actions. Whether Hilton will successfully complete her probation and treatment program and avoid further legal trouble remains to be seen. But for now, the judge's message is clear: the law applies to everyone, regardless of their social status or celebrity connections.