article: Liverpool's 1981 European Cup winner Alan Kennedy believes Cristiano Ronaldo is to Real Madrid what Kenny Dalglish and Graeme Souness were to the Reds' all-conquering side. The Portugal international arrives on Merseyside for Wednesday's Champions League tie having just broken a 71-year-old La Liga record by scoring 15 goals in the first eight matches of the season. While he is the player opponents have to worry most about, Kennedy - who scored the only goal as the Reds beat Madrid in the final at Parc de Princes 33 years ago - said in his day Liverpool had players whom worried their rivals. Alan Kennedy (left) celebrates his winner in the 1981 European Cup final between Liverpool and Real Madrid . Cristiano Ronaldo (above) has just broken a 71-year La Liga record by scoring 15 goals in eight matches . Kennedy has compared Ronaldo's influence to that of Graeme Souness (left) and Kenny Dalglish (centre) While Madrid are strong favourites to take three points at Anfield on Wednesday, the Spanish side have never beaten Liverpool in the competition: . Liverpool 1-0 Real Madrid, May 26 1981 . Real Madrid 0-1 Liverpool, Feb 25 2009 . Liverpool 4-0 Real Madrid, March 10 2009 . "Ronaldo is that type of player. Is there anyone the equivalent of Ronaldo?" he told Press Association Sport. "Looking back they (opponents) will say 'They had Dalglish and Souness'. Souness and Dalglish did it in my day. "Souness was a player everyone admired and players who played alongside him will say he was the most influential player on the pitch because he was a leader, he wanted success. "Ronaldo is slightly different. Although he has worked hard to play within the team, when he gets the ball he does excite everyone and that is what Dalglish did. "Liverpool players have not got to have any fear about it, but have to be wary this guy can do anything with the ball." Kennedy feels Brendan Rodgers' (above) side will be frustrated by their Champions League displays so far . Brendan Rodgers' side face back-to-back matches against the reigning European champions, who collected their 10th crown last May, and need to get something out of them having dropped to third in Group B with defeat against Basle last time out. "It is a competition that is synonymous with Liverpool," he said of the five-time winners. "Liverpool want to progress as far as they can and they have to pick up points against all the teams. "They will be disappointed against Basle and against Ludogorets they scored with virtually the last kick of the game."
highlights: Liverpool face Real Madrid on Wednesday at Anfield in Champions League . Cristiano Ronaldo has already scored 15 La Liga goals in eight matches . Alan Kennedy compares Cristiano Ronaldo's influence to Kenny Dalglish . The former Liverpool man scored the winner against Madrid in 1981 final . Said Liverpool should 'not have any fear' but be 'wary' of his threat .
id: f9c78ff400a059f4b454a0b94802b0b38a6b5e03
chatgpt: Liverpool are set to face Real Madrid in the UEFA Champions League at Anfield on Wednesday. The match is expected to be a thrilling encounter between two giants of European football. However, the spotlight will undeniably be on Real Madrid’s talisman, Cristiano Ronaldo, who has already scored a staggering 15 goals in just eight Spanish La Liga matches this season. Ronaldo’s influence on the game has been compared to that of Kenny Dalglish, a former Liverpool player who himself scored the winning goal in the 1981 European Cup final against Real Madrid. Alan Kennedy, another former Liverpool man who scored the winning goal in their 1-0 victory in the 1981 European Cup final against Madrid, has voiced his opinion ahead of the match. According to Kennedy, Liverpool should “not have any fear” but be “wary” of Ronaldo’s threat. Kennedy highlighted the fact that Ronaldo is one of the greatest players of his generation and can turn the match on its head in an instant. He also stressed the importance of keeping Ronaldo quiet throughout the game if Liverpool are going to stand any chance of progressing to the next round. Despite Real Madrid’s star-studded lineup, Liverpool will have the advantage of playing at home. Anfield has proved to be a fortress for Liverpool in the past, with the team feeding off the energy of their passionate supporters. Liverpool will be hoping to extend their unbeaten run at home in European competition to 20 matches. However, they will have to be at their absolute best to defeat a Real Madrid team who are looking to win their fourth Champions League title in the last five years. A Liverpool win would be a huge statement of intent and would show that they are capable of competing with the very best in Europe. Conversely, a defeat would not be disastrous, but it would leave Liverpool with work to do in the remaining group games. Liverpool go into the match in good form, with three consecutive victories in the Premier League. They will be looking to channel this momentum into Wednesday’s match and take advantage of their home turf. The return of Liverpool’s star forward, Mohamed Salah, will also give them a boost. Salah has missed the last two matches due to a positive COVID-19 diagnosis, but has since tested negative and could be in contention to start against Real Madrid. Overall, Wednesday’s match promises to be a thrilling encounter between two giants of European football. Liverpool will be looking to upset the odds and come away with a positive result against a Real Madrid team who are formidable opposition. Cristiano Ronaldo’s influence cannot be ignored and Liverpool will have to be at their best if they are to keep Ronaldo quiet and emerge victorious from the match.