article: Los Angeles (CNN) -- The Los Angeles public school system is going to pay $30 million to settle 58 of 191 students' lawsuits alleging they were victims of sexually lewd acts by an elementary school teacher, two of the plaintiff attorneys said. David Holmquist, general counsel for the Los Angeles Unified School District, confirmed the settlements in 58 cases but declined to state the exact financial figure other than so say the amount was in the "multimillions." The two plaintiff attorneys provided the figure on the condition that they wouldn't be identified because a Los Angeles County judge has yet to approve the settlement. Holmquist described the agreements as "good settlements." However, four of the 17 law firms suing the school district haven't agreed to any settlement, attorneys said. The nearly 200 students' claims were filed in the wake of charges against former Miramonte Elementary School teacher Mark Berndt, 62, who pleaded not guilty last year to allegations he put young students in bondage and then photographed them with semen-filled spoons held at their mouths and 3-inch cockroaches crawling across their faces. Berndt is being held on $23 million bail and faces 23 felony counts of lewd acts on a child. The 23 alleged victims were between 7 and 10 years old, and all but two of them were girls, the Los Angeles County District Attorney's Office has said. Several of the plaintiff attorneys couldn't say for certain this week whether any of the 23 alleged victims in the criminal case are among the 58 civil settlements. Taxpayer money and possibly school insurance funds will pay for the settlements, Holmquist said. The two goals of the settlements are to "restore some healing to the community" and "provide for health and education needs for the students going forward," he said. "We're not admitting liability, but we realize it's a tragic circumstance for sure," Holmquist said. "Students have definitely suffered, so in what we think is in the best interest of students, we thought we would put this behind us by resolving it through remediation and early dispute resolution." The school system has "every reason to believe the judge will approve" the settlements, Holmquist said. In the 58 settlements, each student and his or her family is receiving about $400,000 to $500,000 each, the plaintiff attorneys said. Luis Carrillo, one of the attorneys who have declined to settle with the school system, said the district isn't acting in good faith. "The last agreements that the district has settled before Miramonte were a much bigger amount, and I think the amount of money they are offering now is very, very low in comparison to what they have paid in the past," Carrillo said. "We think the amount of money that they are getting right now is insufficient for the huge damage they have caused to the children," he said.
highlights: Two of the attorneys say total settlement is $30 million in 58 of 191 students' cases . Los Angeles schools' attorney says dollar figure is in "multimillions" District doesn't admit liability but concedes "tragic circumstance," attorney says . Four law firms don't settle, with one saying $30 million is "very, very low"
id: f868c23f9713adc5b715b186d0932ce5b6e08d0e
chatgpt: In a long-standing case involving abuse and misconduct at Los Angeles schools, a settlement has finally been reached for 58 out of the 191 students involved. Two attorneys involved in the case have put the dollar figure at $30 million, which has been disputed by another law firm as being too low. The attorneys representing the children stated that the settlement was a long time coming and was fought for on behalf of the 58 children who suffered unimaginable harm while attending school in the district. However, the settlement doesn't mean that the district is admitting to any liability in the case. The district's attorney, on the other hand, says that the actual amount of the settlement is in the "multimillions." The district has not accepted any blame in the case but has agreed to acknowledge that the situation was a "tragic circumstance" for those involved. According to the attorneys involved in the case, a total of four law firms did not agree to settle on behalf of their clients. The law firms have stated that the $30 million settlement is "very, very low" for the harm their clients have suffered. The settlement, which was approved by the Los Angeles School Board, was a result of a virulent lawsuit claiming that the district repeatedly ignored reports of abuse and failed to protect its students. The case involved dozens of children who were sexually abused by school staffers in some of the district's schools, including Miramonte Elementary School, where children were molested and fed semen-containing cookies by their teacher, Mark Berndt. According to the lawsuit, Berndt used his personal sperm to abuse young students, often capturing the abuse on school cameras. Parents were told that their children were taking part in a test, which allowed the abuser to be left alone with the students. The case was just one of many that were filed against the district, involving allegations of brutal and predatory behavior by school staff toward their charges. Although the settlement does not admit to any liability on behalf of the district or its employees, it sends a powerful message that the school system can and should be held accountable for the children in its care. In conclusion, the settlement reached in the case is an important step towards justice for the students affected, although the dollar figure remains a point of contention between the parties involved. The district's acknowledgment of the "tragic circumstance" sends a message that the children in the care of our school systems must be protected and safe, and that they have recourse when this protection fails.