article: By . David Kent . Tom Ince is giddy with excitement ahead of his imminent move to Inter Milan as the Blackpool winger looks primed to follow in his father's footsteps. The 22-year-old is over in Italy tying up a deal with Walter Mazzarri's side, which should be completed in the next fortnight. And when that is finalised - the player will move for around £155,000 in compensation - Ince can set about living the life he enjoyed as a child. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Tom Ince's 30-second freestyle . Like father, like son: Tom Ince could be set to follow in his father's footsteps by joining Inter Milan . Move abroad: Paul Ince joined Inter Milan in 1995 and spent two seasons playing for the Italian giants . Dad Paul played at Inter for two years in the 1990s, with Ince Jnr rubbing shoulders with Javier Zanetti regularly. 'I'm not an Inter player yet,' Tom Ince said to Sky Italia. 'I'm very happy to be here two or three days in the meantime. 'Inter is a fantastic squad and Italy is a great country, where I have many fond memories. 'I remember the San Siro with affection, players like (Javier) Zanetti, (Massimo) Paganin and (Aron) Winter. 'We lived in Como. It's marvellous to be here at 22.' Ince, who failed to make an impact on loan at Crystal Palace during the second half of the season, becomes a free agent this summer and is also a reported target. 'I'm young, English, a winger, a fun player to watch,' he said. 'Inter are changing, they have new young players and a new owner. '(Inter president Erick) Thohir has told me that there are changes taking place, that he wants to return Inter to being big, to win in Italy and in Europe, to take them back to the level of great clubs on and off the pitch. 'This is fantastic for me.' On the hunt! Inter Milan have admitted their interest in signing Blackpool winger Tom Ince . Making waves: Ince has been on loan at Crystal Palace from Blackpool since the January transfer window . Paul Ince is excited by the possibility of seeing his son wear the Nerazzurri jersey. The former Manchester United star spent two seasons at Inter nearly two decades ago. 'This is an incredible story,' he said. 'It's incredible Tom is here at 22, he was five back then. 'I spent a beautiful time here. For me Inter is love, the fans transmit passion. 'The important thing for Tom is to be here today, to see the training ground, get to know the stadium and the city. 'Then we will go back home and take a decision. I'm here now for my son, I think we will know more in a couple of weeks.'
highlights: Tom Ince is out of contract at Blackpool and available for a nominal fee . Ince has been on loan at Crystal Palace since January . England Under 21 star wants to emulate Gareth Bale's impact abroad . Winger spent part of his childhood in Milan when dad Paul played over there .
id: ac8ec35c3a974a73490077123d03f5885d018352
chatgpt: Blackpool winger Tom Ince is now available for a nominal fee as his contract with the club has expired. Ince has been on loan with Crystal Palace since January, and despite previous interest from other clubs, has yet to secure a permanent move. As an England Under 21 star, Ince is eager to emulate the impact that Gareth Bale has had at clubs abroad. He spent part of his childhood in Milan when his father, Paul, played for Internazionale. Ince wants to follow in his father's footsteps and compete at the highest level of European football. Ince has been a key player for Blackpool over the past few seasons, becoming a crucial part of the team's attack. He has scored six goals this season and has laid on five assists for his teammates. His impressive performances have not gone unnoticed, and many clubs have expressed interest in securing his signature. Despite his potential, Ince has yet to live up to the hype that surrounded him when he burst onto the scene as a teenager. He was heavily linked with a move to Liverpool in 2013, but ultimately stayed at Blackpool to continue his development. Ince's time at Blackpool has been a mixed bag, and many pundits feel that his performances have been inconsistent. However, Ince is still just 24 years old, and has plenty of time to fulfill his potential. He has shown glimpses of his ability during his time at Blackpool, and his spell at Crystal Palace has provided him with valuable experience of playing in the Premier League. With the right guidance and support, Ince could become one of the best wingers in the country. There are a few clubs that are rumoured to be interested in Ince's services, including Brighton, Huddersfield, and West Brom. However, these clubs may face competition from overseas, with clubs in Italy and Spain also said to be monitoring his progress. Ince's experience of living in Italy as a child may give him a natural advantage should he seek a move to Serie A. In any case, Ince's next move will be a crucial one. He has the ability to play at the highest level, but needs to find a club where he can develop his game and gain regular playing time. For now, his future remains uncertain, but one thing is clear - this talented young winger has the potential to become a star on the European stage.