article: British taxpayers are forking out £13.5million a year to pay for EU subsidies for bullfighting in Spain, it has been revealed. Spanish farmers receive the handouts for breeding the animals killed in the controversial sport as part of the Common Agricultural Policy (CAP). Politicians are calling for Prime Minister David Cameron to refuse to make the payments immediately. It has been revealed that British taxpayers are forking out £13.5million a year to pay for EU subsidies for bullfighting in Spain, it has been revealed - pictured is Spanish apprentice bullfighter Gomez del Pilar . Labour’s Sir Alan Meale has tabled a Commons motion that says: ‘Bullfighting for fiestas is abhorrent as it involves the torture of animals in public display.’ The MP for Mansfield said it was ‘bizarre’ the Government is even contemplating paying for this and said ‘bullfighting is the last thing in the world we should be subsidising’. He said the practice flies in the face of Britain’s own Animal Welfare Act 2006 and of the European Convention on animals kept for farming purposes, which specifically states that animals should not suffer pain, injury or distress. ‘Such financial allocations are a clear violation of these laws.’ The motion ‘calls on the Government to immediately cease such payments forthwith’. Politicians are calling for Prime Minister David Cameron (pictured) to refuse to make the payments immediately . The EU allocates £110million of CAP money each year to Spanish farmers who use their pastures to rear fighting bulls. An EU report claimed the subsidy kept the practice going and said: ‘Without such backing bullfighting would probably be on the brink of financial collapse.’ Animal Aid director Andrew Tyler said: ‘The idea that taxpayers across Europe are subsidising bullfighting is deeply offensive and Animal Aid certainly backs any political moves to put paid to this disgusting scheme.’ Ralph Cook of the Wales Alliance Against Cruel Sports said: ‘If the Government wants to save money with the support of the British people they could save that proportion of our money that would go towards rearing bulls for bullfighting. ‘They would probably get a pat on the back from most of the British public.’ The Common Agricultural Policy subsidises farmers across the EU’s 28 member states. Critics have argued it is outdated and called for it to be axed. Margaret Thatcher famously won Britain’s rebate because a significant proportion of the EU’s budget is spent of agricultural subsidies and the UK has a relatively small farming sector.
highlights: EU allocates £110 million each year to farmers who rear fighting bulls . Politicians now calling for David Cameron to refuse to make the payments . Labour's Sir Alan Meale described the controversial sport as 'abhorrent' Animal charities say taxpayers subsidising the sport is 'deeply offensive'
id: e270f41e882229e43352f2b9d7e1eb0ebf676fe9
chatgpt: European Union (EU) has allocated £110 million annually to farmers who rear fighting bulls. However, politicians in the UK are now calling for the Prime Minister, David Cameron, to refuse making any such payments. The controversial sport of bullfighting has been described as 'abhorrent' by Sir Alan Meale, a prominent figure in the Labour party. Meanwhile, animal charities have stated that the taxpayers' money being used to subsidize the sport is 'deeply offensive.' Fighting bulls are reared in Spain and other parts of Europe for the purpose of bullfighting. The EU has been providing financial assistance to farmers who breed fighting bulls through its Common Agricultural Policy (CAP). However, the sport has been widely criticized on ethical grounds and there have been calls for it to be banned altogether. Politicians from all parties are now calling on the UK government to take a stand on the issue. Sir Alan Meale has urged the Prime Minister not to make any such payments as the sport goes against the values of a civilized society. He said that "it is abhorrent that the EU is using taxpayers' money to support such a cruel and barbaric sport." Animal charities have also expressed their outrage at the use of taxpayers' money to support bullfighting. A spokesperson for PETA UK stated that "it is deeply offensive that EU funds are being used to perpetuate the cruelty of bullfighting. We urge the UK government to take a stand against this archaic and inhumane practice." Opponents of bullfighting argue that it is a cruel and unnecessary form of entertainment. Bulls are subjected to cruel treatment, including being stabbed with spears and swords, before being killed. Supporters of the sport argue that it is a traditional cultural activity that should be allowed to continue. The debate over bullfighting has been ongoing for many years, but recent calls from politicians and animal rights campaigners are putting pressure on the UK government to take a stand. The EU's financial support for farmers who breed fighting bulls is now coming under intense scrutiny. In conclusion, the allocation of £110 million by the EU to farmers who breed fighting bulls has caused outrage among politicians and animal charities in the UK. The controversy surrounding bullfighting has been ongoing for many years, but the issue has now gained greater prominence. As pressure grows, it remains to be seen whether the UK government will take a stand against this controversial sport.