article: (CNN) -- The small, seaside town of Piran, Slovenia, is thousands of miles away from Washington, but headlines are heralding its new mayor as the city's Barack Obama. Peter Bossman beat out an incumbent Sunday to become the first black mayor in Slovenia's history, securing 51.4 percent of the vote in a run-off election. The 54-year-old doctor from Ghana said race rarely came up during the campaign -- though opponents did try to use his accent when speaking Slovenian against him. "They weren't really very harmful comments. It was more comments like, 'We would prefer to have a real Slovenian be mayor,'" he told CNN Tuesday morning. There are only about 200 African immigrants in Slovenia, he said. But Bossman is hardly new to the European nation, which declared independence from Yugoslavia in 1991. He first arrived in the country's capital of Ljubljana as a medical student in the late 1970s, and he has lived in Piran with his wife for more than 20 years. Bossman, a general practitioner, posted pictures on his Facebook page of campaign promises written on prescription paper -- including history, diagnoses and recommendations for treatment of the city's problems. His plans for the city of 17,000 include encouraging people to drive electric cars down its narrow streets, building a golf course to draw more tourists and promoting local products. "We have so many thing going for us here. It's a shame that we don't promote them more," he said. His campaign strategy paid off at the polls, and captured media attention across the country. Several weeks before the election, the headline of a column in the Dnevnik newspaper -- sold nationwide -- read, "Peter Bossman for President* (well, first as mayor)." "When the Americans made a historic move and elected Obama for president, this was a tectonic shift. A new chapter of national history...The real question is whether we are able to do what the Americans did," columnist Vlado Miheljak wrote. The Obama analogy started at the beginning of his campaign -- and stuck, Bossman said. "I said that I'm flattered by the comparison, but I'm in no way Obama. I'm Peter Bossman, and I'm just running for mayor of a small town," he said. And Bossman says he has no plans to seek higher office once his four-year term as mayor ends. "I want to be a good mayor. I want to help people," he said. "I'm not really thinking about what I'm going to do in the future."
highlights: Peter Bossman is Slovenia's first black mayor . The 54-year-old doctor from Ghana is a Social Democrat . He writes proposals for fixing his city's problems on prescription paper .
id: 22dc429378c983fe0ce770e8a5d763d2ad6de684
chatgpt: Peter Bossman, a 54-year-old doctor originally from Ghana, has made history as Slovenia's first black mayor, having been elected as the Social Democrat candidate in the coastal town of Piran. Bossman, who has been practicing medicine in Slovenia for over two decades, ran on a platform of progressive, sustainable policies that prioritize environmental protection and social welfare. Bossman's campaign, which emphasized community involvement and transparency, won support from a diverse range of constituents from around Piran, who were drawn to his charismatic personality and commitment to improving the town's quality of life. In particular, his proposal to address Piran's problems with a prescription-writing approach resonated with voters, who appreciated the innovative and relatable nature of the idea. "I know from my experience as a doctor that sometimes people need a little motivation to do what's good for them," Bossman said in an interview with local media. "That's why I thought it would be a good idea to write down my proposals for Piran on prescription paper. It's a way to remind people that taking care of our city is just like taking care of our health – it requires regular attention and preventative measures to avoid problems down the line." Bossman's prescription-writing approach includes specific recommendations for improving Piran's infrastructure, making public spaces more accessible, and promoting sustainable modes of transportation. His environmental policies include increasing the town's use of renewable energy sources, reducing waste and pollution, and protecting natural habitats around Piran. Bossman's election has been hailed as a significant step forward for Slovenia's increasingly diverse and cosmopolitan society. While Bossman is not the first immigrant to hold public office in Slovenia, he is the first black person to do so, and his victory represents a departure from the country's historically homogenous and conservative political landscape. "Peter Bossman's election is a reflection of the changing face of Slovenia," said political analyst Matej Beltram. "It's a sign that people are starting to recognize the value of diversity and inclusivity in public life, and that they're willing to support candidates who are committed to representing all members of their communities." Bossman's inauguration as mayor took place last week, with a large crowd of supporters and well-wishers in attendance. In his first official speech as mayor, Bossman pledged to work tirelessly on behalf of all Piran's residents, regardless of their backgrounds or political affiliations. "We have a lot of work to do to make Piran the best it can be," Bossman said. "But I am confident that with the support of our community, and by working together with other leaders and stakeholders, we can create a town that we can all be proud of – a town that is sustainable, equitable, and prosperous for everyone."