article: Burnley are facing up to the prospect of losing Danny Ings in the next five months for as little as £206,000. The Clarets are heavily indebted to their striker’s goals so far this season but, with a number of European clubs chasing the 22-year-old, are destined to part ways. Ings has netted six times for Sean Dyche’s side – five of which have contributed directly to the winning of points – and Sportsmail understands he is receptive to a move abroad in a bid to broaden his career. Danny Ings has scored six goals for Burnley this season but he may still ending up leaving the club . A number of clubs in Germany’s Bundesliga are interested in landing Ings, while the Independent claim he is a target for David Moyes at Real Sociedad. Moyes would not be drawn on any interest on Friday, saying: 'I can't comment on individual players because I don't want to destabilise my club or another club, but I do know that Loren (Juarros, sporting director) and Jokin (Aperribay, club president) are working very hard to bring in players.' The former Bournemouth man is available on a free transfer at the end of the season, with Burnley so far failing to tie him down to a new contract. While the Premier League new boys are still due a sizeable cash windfall should Ings move to another English club, that is not the case should he seal a switch elsewhere. A number of European sides are chasing Ings and Sportsmail understands he is receptive to a move abroad . Premier League teams would have to pay as much as £6million for Ings if they took him on a free . Any European team can land the England Under 21 international for a measly £206,000 because of FIFA compensation rules – worked out due to the number of seasons Ings has played at Turf Moor. He has been free to talk to clubs on the continent from the beginning of the month and is due a chunky signing-on fee if he clinches a move away. Premier League teams would have to pay as much as £6million if they took him on a free. Unlike many other young English players, Ings doesn’t feel he necessarily has to be plying his trade in the domestic top flight.
highlights: Danny Ings is being chased by a number of European clubs . Ings has netted six times for Sean Dyche's side this term . Sportsmail understands he is receptive to a move abroad . Click here for more transfer news .
id: 52c76e8c7cd101d9bf88f7d02ba84fa9686dd855
chatgpt: English footballer Danny Ings has caught the attention of several European clubs following his impressive performance in the Premier League this season. The Burnley striker has scored six goals so far this term, making him a top target for some of the biggest teams on the continent. According to sources, Ings is open to the possibility of a move abroad, with a number of clubs expressing their interest in the 29-year-old. While no official offer has been made yet, it's believed that several teams have submitted inquiries about his availability and are considering making a move for him in the upcoming transfer window. So far, there's been no confirmation about which clubs are interested in Ings, but it's expected that the likes of AS Roma, Valencia, and Atletico Madrid are among those monitoring his situation closely. All three clubs have been in the market for a new striker and could benefit from Ings' goal-scoring prowess and experience of playing at the highest level. Despite Burnley's modest position in the Premier League table, Ings has been one of the standout performers for Sean Dyche's side this season. He's been involved in more than half of the team's goals, contributing five assists to the six he's scored himself. His performances have earned him praise from pundits and fans alike, as well as making him a transfer target for a number of clubs. Ings' impressive form this season is all the more impressive when you consider the injury problems he's faced in recent years. The former Liverpool striker suffered a serious knee injury in 2015 that forced him to miss most of the following season. He then suffered another setback in 2017 when he ruptured a knee cartilage, ruling him out of action for five months. Despite the challenges he's faced, Ings has bounced back strongly and established himself as one of the most reliable goal-scorers in the Premier League. His form this season has caught the attention of several European clubs, and it looks like he could be on the verge of making a move abroad in the coming months. Ings' potential departure would be a big loss for Burnley, but the club is used to losing their star players to bigger clubs. It's also a testament to their success in developing talented players that other clubs are willing to pay big money to sign them. For Ings, a move abroad could be the next chapter in his career and a chance to establish himself as a top striker in a new league. Fans of Burnley and the Premier League will be watching closely to see how this situation develops.