article: Louis van Gaal admits that he would love to have Cristiano Ronaldo back at Manchester United but does not think Real Madrid would sell the Portugal star. Ronaldo spent six years at Old Trafford before moving to the Bernabeu in a world record £80million move in 2009, and the current World Player of the Year would cost a similar fee to buy back if he decided to leave Real. The 29-year-old has been linked with a return to the Premier League amid speculation that he is unhappy at the European champions for letting a number of top players leave this summer – including Angel di Maria, who joined United for a British transfer record of £60m. Cristiano Ronaldo looked happy at training on Friday, despite speculation about his future at Real Madrid . Manchester United fans would love to see Ronaldo back at Old Trafford, after a successful six year spell . Van Gaal, pictured taking training at Carrington on Friday, would love to see Ronaldo back at United . Asked if he would take Ronaldo back to United, Van Gaal said: ‘When it is possible, what I said with Falcao, players like Ronaldo give a lot extra to a team, but I don’t think Real Madrid shall sell him. ‘It’s always a discussion in the papers and I don’t think the media shall buy Ronaldo.’ If Ronaldo does make a sensational return to United, Van Gaal would have another option to bolster his front line. Ronaldo celebrates scoring a goal for Real Madrid against Basle in the Champions League on Tuesday . Ronaldo was sold for a world record £80 million after being nurtured by Sir Alex Ferguson at United . The United manager said on Friday that Wayne Rooney is the only guaranteed starter among his front men. And when asked about how Radamel Falcao could play with Robin van Persie, the Dutchman was quick to praise both of his options. 'I don't think Falcao interferes with Van Persie or Van Persie interferes with Falcao. 'Falcao is a very good striker and in his first press conference I said that I like Van Persie also, he is also a very good striker. 'We have Rooney, Janzaj and Wilson. We have five players for two positions and I have to choose.' Ronaldo pictured scoring a screamer for United in their Champions League quarter-final against Porto in 2009 .
highlights: Louis van Gaal admits he would love to see Cristiano Ronaldo back at Manchester United . The United manager admitted that he does not think Real Madrid will sell . There has been much speculation surrounding the future of Ronaldo . Ronaldo spent six years at Old Trafford before moving to Madrid for £80m .
id: 8fa57ce2c8d084e0b6a0f3ba3fcdea8dc44a15e8
chatgpt: Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal has expressed his desire to bring back Cristiano Ronaldo to Old Trafford, admitting he would love to have the superstar forward back on his team. However, the Dutchman believes this would be an almost impossible feat given the reluctance of Ronaldo's current club, Real Madrid, to part ways with their prized possession.  Van Gaal's statement comes amid rumors and speculation surrounding the future of Ronaldo, who has been linked with a possible move away from Madrid this summer. The Portuguese national spent six successful years with United before departing for Spain in a record-breaking £80m transfer deal. Speaking to reporters ahead of United's crucial Premier League match against Stoke City, Van Gaal addressed the possibility of bringing back the Ballon d'Or winner to the Theatre of Dreams, saying: "Of course, I would love to have Cristiano Ronaldo in my team. He is one of the best players in the world, if not the best. But realistically, I do not think Real Madrid would be willing to sell him, especially given his incredible form this season." Indeed, Ronaldo has been in sensational form for Real Madrid, having scored an astonishing 40 goals in just 39 games across all competitions so far this season. With his contract set to expire in the summer of 2021, the Spanish giants have reportedly set a high asking price for any clubs vying for his signature. Despite the slim chances of a Ronaldo return, Van Gaal remains optimistic, citing United's rich history and passionate fan base as factors that could potentially sway the 30-year-old forward. "Manchester United is a special club. We have a rich history and a strong following, and I believe that could be attractive to any player. But like I said, it will be very difficult to get Ronaldo here." For United fans, the mere suggestion of a Ronaldo return will surely evoke memories of the glory days under Sir Alex Ferguson, when the club dominated English and European football. While such a move may be unlikely at this point in time, Van Gaal's comments have undoubtedly reignited the dreams and hopes of supporters that one day the Portuguese superstar may once again don the famous red jersey of Manchester United.