article: Four men have been detained by police as part of an investigation into the 2011 takeover of Rangers. The men, understood to be former Rangers administrators Duff and Phelps employees Paul Clark, David Whitehouse and David Grier and former Rangers director and solicitor Gary Withey, were detained on Friday morning by Scottish police working with officers from three English forces. Police Scotland said the four are being held as part of a probe into the 'alleged fraudulent acquisition' of the Glasgow club. Four men were detained by police on Monday as part of an investigation into the 2012 takeover of Rangers . The Rangers squad were put through their paces during training on a wet and cold Friday morning . According to reports in the Daily Record, a warrant will also be issued on Friday for the arrest of former Rangers owner Craig Whyte. It is believed Whyte, who bought the club from Sir Dave Murray for just £1 in 2011, is wanted in connection with the allegedly fraudulent purchase of the club. The operation that saw the four me detained on Friday took place at a number of addresses in England and involved officers from the Thames Valley, Cheshire and Surrey forces. It is thought the men have been detained because of claims that Grier and Whyte were known to one another before Duff and Phelps were appointed administrators for Rangers. A Police Scotland spokesman said: 'Following a Police Scotland operation on Friday November 14, four men have been detained as a result of the ongoing investigation into the alleged fraudulent acquisition of Rangers Football Club. 'At around 6am, officers from Police Scotland, assisted by officers from Thames Valley, Cheshire Police and Surrey Police, attended a number of addresses in England and detained four men.' Manager Ally McCoist was all smiles with his assistant Kenny McDowall during training on Friday . Former Rangers chairman Craig Whyte who bought the club in 2011 for just £1 from Sir David Murray . And Rangers boss Ally McCoist has spoken of his shock surrounding the incident. 'Obviously I can't or wouldn't comment on a current police matter, but I would have to say I'm shocked,' he said. 'Obviously I can't pre-judge what is going to happen. 'Our concern has always been for the staff and supporters. What's happened to us in the last two-and-a-half, three years has been very tough, particularly on the staff and supporters. 'We just want to continue with our attempts to get the club back to where we feel we belong.' Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
highlights: The four men were detained by police on Friday morning . It is part of an investigation into the 2012 takeover of Rangers . The operation took place at a number of addresses in England and involved officers from the Thames Valley, Cheshire and Surrey forces .
id: f22278f4e410ad4260b1fe2b0471622548bc3b91
chatgpt: Four men were arrested on Friday morning as part of an ongoing investigation into the 2012 takeover of Rangers FC. The arrests were made at various addresses in England and were carried out by officers from the Thames Valley, Cheshire, and Surrey police forces. The investigation is focused on the acquisition and subsequent sale of the Scottish football club Rangers by Craig Whyte, a Scottish businessman, in 2011. The club was then placed into administration in February 2012, which led to the creation of a new company to run Rangers FC. The four men arrested on Friday are believed to have had a connection to the acquisition of the club by Whyte. While there have been no official statements from the police regarding the identities of the four men, it is known that they have been taken into custody for questioning regarding the matter. Rangers FC has been no stranger to controversy in the past few years, with the club facing financial troubles and tumultuous changes to its ownership. The 2012 takeover by Whyte was a particularly fraught time for the club, with many fans concerned about its future. The investigations into the acquisition have been ongoing for several years now, with a number of individuals having been arrested and charged in connection with the case in the past. However, this latest development indicates that the authorities are continuing their efforts to uncover any wrongdoing that occurred during the acquisition. The involvement of police forces from three different regions of England illustrates the complexity of the case and the intensity with which it is being pursued. It also indicates that the investigation is far from over; the authorities are determined to uncover the truth of what happened during the acquisition and sale of Rangers FC. Fans of the club will be watching developments closely, hoping that justice is served and that the club can move on from this period of turmoil. The arrests of these four men indicate that the authorities are taking the case seriously and are committed to investigating it thoroughly. As of now, it is uncertain what the outcome of the investigation will be. However, the arrests of these four men is a significant development in the case and indicates that the authorities are making progress in their efforts to uncover the truth of what happened during the 2012 takeover of Rangers FC.