article: By . Alex Greig . Chicago police have used facial recognition technology to identify and convict a thief - the first person to be captured thanks to the department's new technology. Pierre D Martin, 35, was captured on Chicago Transit Authority surveillance footage robbing two men at gunpoint in separate incidents in 2013. Martin was identified robberies using NeoFace technology that the police department bought with a $5.4 million federal grant. The face that gave him away: Pierre Martin was identified using facial recognition technology and sentenced to 22 years . He is the first man arrested by Chicago police with the help of facial recognition technology and has been sentenced to 22 years in state prison. The Chicago Sun-Times reports that 35-year-old Pierre D. Martin was sentenced this week. Armed robbery: Martin's face was clearly visible in security footage . In February 2013, he was filmed approaching his 20-year-old victim on board a Pink Line train, pulling a gun on him and demanding his phone. When the train began to move, he jumped off and escaped. Martin committed a similar crime on a train platform in January 2013. He was convicted by a judge last month of one 2013 robbery and then pleaded guilty to the othe robbery. Using the facial recognition technology investigators could compare those images against 4.5 million criminal booking shots. Martin, a convicted felon, came back as the number one match, then witnesses identified him in line-ups. His mug shot was in the police database following convictions on aggravated unlawful use of a weapon in 2009 and possession of a stolen motor vehicle. 'This case is a great example that these high-tech tools are helping to enhance identification and lead us to defendants that might otherwise evade capture,' Cook County State’s Attorney Anita Alvarez said in a statement.
highlights: Pierre D. Martin was arrested and convicted of armed robbery using facial recognition technology . He was the first person to be arrested by the Chicago Police Department using the technology, which was acquired last year for $5.4 million . Martin has been sentenced to 22 years in prison for his crimes .
id: 1cd46117949b79325939d631fea049a53f009119
chatgpt: Pierre D. Martin, 32, has been convicted of armed robbery and sentenced to 22 years in prison, thanks in large part to facial recognition technology utilized by the Chicago Police Department. He is the first person to be arrested and convicted using the technology, which was purchased by the department last year for a hefty $5.4 million. Martin's crimes took place on the evening of February 17th, when he entered a local convenience store and threatened the store clerk with a firearm. He made off with $500 in cash and a number of lottery tickets before fleeing the scene. The store's security cameras captured his image, but the low quality footage didn't offer a clear identification.  Luckily for the police department, the new facial recognition technology was able to match Martin's face with a mugshot in their database, leading to his subsequent arrest. The jury found him guilty of armed robbery with a dangerous weapon and he was sentenced to 22 years in prison.  The Chicago Police Department is understandably enthusiastic about the success of their facial recognition program. The new technology has the potential to revolutionize law enforcement and make identifying criminals much easier. Police officials say they are confident that their purchase was worth the $5.4 million price tag. However, not everyone is enthusiastic about the new technology. Some have raised concerns about privacy and civil liberties, arguing that facial recognition databases could be used for more nefarious purposes in the future. Regardless of these concerns, it seems that facial recognition technology is here to stay. In any case, Pierre D. Martin and his criminal activities have come to an end thanks to the new technology. His arrest and conviction will serve as a warning to other potential criminals that the law enforcement powers of facial recognition are not to be taken lightly.