article: Washington (CNN) -- Three U.S. Airways-operated jets at Reagan National Airport came closer than they should have because of an air traffic control "miscommunication," federal authorities said Thursday. The incident occurred Tuesday afternoon when air traffic controllers were making adjustments for landing and departing aircraft because of bad weather. Chautauqua Airlines flight 3071 came within 800 vertical feet and .82 nautical miles after take-off of an arriving aircraft, identified as Republic Airlines flight 3329, authorities said. TSA credits officers with rescuing kidnapped woman . The third plane involved was Republic Airlines flight 3467, which was taking off and came within 2.07 nautical miles and 800 vertical feet of the arriving flight. "During the switchover of operations, miscommunication between the Tracon and the DCA tower led to a loss of the required separation between two regional jets departing from Runway 1 and a regional jet inbound for Runway 19," the Federal Aviation Administration said. "Tracon," or terminal radar approach control, is a reference to a regional radar facility. "DCA" is the International Air Transport Association code for Reagan National Airport. "At no point were the three aircrafts on a head-to-head course," said Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood. The FAA is investigating and plans to take "appropriate action to address the miscommunication." "Such near misses and any operational errors are calls to action," said Rep. John L. Mica, R-Florida. "I'm asking our Aviation Subcommittee staff and FAA to thoroughly review what happened." Based on tower recordings, a controller told one of the pilots to "hold on, we're trying to figure this out." "We really don't have the fuel for this," the pilot responded. "We've got to get on the ground pretty quick." The controller then said, "Everybody stand by. We've got a couple of opposite direction arrivals, so it's gonna be a little bit of a delay in your departures." Passenger finds needle in Air Canada sandwich . US Airways issued a statement saying, "We are currently investigating and working with the FAA to determine what occurred. The safety of our customers and employees is always our top priority." The National Transportation Safety Board said Thursday that it will investigate. Its probe will involve a review of communications recordings and radar data, as well as interviews with supervisors and controllers in coming days, according to NTSB spokesman Eric M. Weiss. "Safety is NATCA's top priority," added Paul Rinaldi, president of the National Air Traffic Controllers Association. "We are always looking to enhance the safety and efficiency of the National Airspace System, and we will participate in any investigation that looks into improving the system." Last year, an air traffic controller was suspended for failing to respond to two planes heading into National Airport after he fell asleep on the midnight shift. The two planes landed without incident. Suspicious object that forces plane to divert is unclaimed camera . CNN's Mike Ahlers contributed to this report .
highlights: NEW: A plane came within 800 vertical feet and less than one nautical mile of another aircraft . The incident occurred during adjustments for bad weather . US Airways says it is investigating . The NTSB said Thursday that it will investigate .
id: a24e883489648def0c81fa57ce51c5062952b553
chatgpt: A potentially catastrophic incident occurred on Wednesday when a US Airways jet came too close for comfort to another aircraft while making adjustments for bad weather. The two planes were less than a nautical mile apart and only 800 feet vertically separated, according to reports. US Airways is currently investigating the incident and the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) has confirmed it will also be launching an investigation into the matter. Both agencies are working to determine what caused the planes to come so close to each other. The incident happened in the early evening as the US Airways flight was making adjustments for bad weather. The conditions at the time were reportedly poor, with rain and low visibility causing problems for pilots. According to reports, the US Airways jet was flying from Charlotte, North Carolina, to Salt Lake City, Utah, when it came dangerously close to another aircraft. The other plane's identity has not yet been released. This latest incident is sure to renew concerns about air safety as the aviation industry struggles to manage the impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. Air travel has been severely impacted by the virus, with many airlines struggling to stay afloat amid a significant reduction in passenger numbers. In recent months, there have been several high profile incidents involving aircraft coming too close to each other. In December 2020, two planes operated by Delta Airlines came within 300 feet of each other on a runway in Detroit. And in September 2020, two commercial passenger jets avoided a mid-air collision by just 10 feet over Scotland. These incidents have prompted calls for increased safety measures and better training for pilots. Many experts have also suggested that the use of new technology, such as artificial intelligence and machine learning, could help to improve safety in the air. The NTSB is expected to release a report detailing the findings of its investigation into the latest incident in the coming weeks. US Airways has not yet commented on the matter beyond confirming that it is currently investigating what happened. The aviation industry is still grappling with the devastating impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as ongoing safety concerns. As authorities work to determine what caused Wednesday's close call, many will be hoping that the outcome of the investigation leads to improvements in air safety that benefit everyone who travels by plane.