article: Who stole the cookie from the cookie jar? O.J. Simpson, apparently. The former gridiron great was recently caught pilfering the sweet treats from the cafeteria of his Nevada prison - something which is strictly forbidden. According to a source, guards noticed the 66-year-old hiding something under his prison clothes as he walked back to his cell after lunch. Cookie monster: Former gridiron great O.J. Simpson, pictured left and right in May, was recently caught pilfering cookies from the cafeteria of his Nevada prison - something which is strictly forbidden . When they quizzed him, he revealed a stash of more than a dozen oatmeal cookies, which were then seized. 'O.J. just stood there with a goofy grin on his face as the guard kept digging inside his shirt and throwing the cookies on the floor,' the source told The National Enquirer. Doctors had previously warned Simpson, who is looking noticeably tubby, to ease up on the fat and sugar laden foods and start exercising more because he suffers severe diabetes. And the once-chiseled prisoner, who is serving a 33-year sentence for armed robbery, has been trying to diet but gave up after a few weeks. Lighter days: Simpson, pictured in the 1960s, previously had a toned physique . 'The temptation of the cookies in the prison chow line was too much for him, the source said. At first, his fellow prisoners thought he had smuggled in a cell phone or some other banned item. 'So when the guard started pulling cookies out of O.J.'s shirt, the other inmates started laughing so hard they nearly fell over,' the insider added. The guard could have written up Simpson for the attempted cookie smuggle but he reportedly decided to let him off with a warning. The source said theta while Simpson was embarrassed, eating his favorite foods is the only enjoyment he has left.
highlights: The former gridiron great was recently caught pilfering cookies from the cafeteria of his Nevada prison, which is strictly forbidden . According to a source, guards noticed the 66-year-old hiding something under his prison clothes as he walked back to his cell after lunch . When they quizzed him, he revealed a stash of more than a dozen oatmeal cookies, which were then seized as other inmates laughed .
id: ed0f7074cafa51404d3fda1c56f9d48ee28d2389
chatgpt: Former NFL star O.J. Simpson was caught stealing cookies from the cafeteria of his Nevada prison, a strict violation of rules. The 66-year-old was spotted by guards as he walked back to his cell after lunch, hiding something under his prison clothes. Upon questioning, the guards found more than a dozen oatmeal cookies in his possession, which they promptly confiscated. According to a source, other inmates laughed as Simpson's stash of cookies was seized. It is unclear why Simpson risked disciplinary action and his already-tenuous standing within the prison system to pilfer the sweets. Prison officials declined to comment on the incident, citing privacy concerns. The incident is just the latest in a long line of problems for Simpson since his 2008 conviction for armed robbery and kidnapping. The former football star, who once had a promising broadcasting career, has been described as a 'model prisoner' by officials, but has also been the subject of numerous rumors and news stories about his behavior behind bars. It is not the first time that Simpson has been caught engaging in questionable behavior in prison. In 2019, he was reportedly caught with a cell phone while serving time at the same Nevada penitentiary where he is currently being held. The phone was confiscated, but Simpson faced no additional punishment. Simpson was famously acquitted of murder charges in 1995, in a case that still captivates the public imagination more than two decades later. While many Americans still view Simpson as a criminal who got away with murder, others see him as a symbol of the racial divide that exists within the American criminal justice system. Regardless of how one views Simpson, his latest antics are unlikely to help him in his bid for parole, which is set to take place in 2022. While many might find humor in the idea of a once-great athlete reduced to stealing cookies, prison officials and parole board members are unlikely to see the humor.