article: America's rich are even more well off that we originally thought, a new study has found. The top 1 percent of U.S. earners were previously estimated to control 30 per cent of the country's wealth but it seems that number could be closer to 37 per cent. A new working paper from European Central Bank senior economist Philip Vermeulen claims 30 percent is a lowball estimate of the net worth of the nation's elite because wealthier households are less likely to respond to surveys about their assets than lower-income families. Rich: Microsoft founder Bill Gates, pictured, tops the Forbes billionaires list . Vermeulen analyzed data from Forbes' billionaires lists to estimate the share of the 1 percent is in fact between 35 percent and 37 percent. 'Our knowledge of the wealth distribution is less than perfect,' Vermeulen writes in the paper. 'Our results clearly indicate that survey wealthy estimates are very likely to underestimate wealth at the top.' The Survey . of Consumer ﬁnances is the best source of information on wealth . distribution, asking questions about all asset holdings and debts of the . household. However, . a large chunk of the wealthy sample families don't respond, or only . respond in part, because they're away, too busy, or they refuse to . reveal sensitive information for example. Vermeulenfound that using the Forbe's billionaires list gave him a better idea of the jaw-dropping wealth in each country, and in turn account for that missing data. He said getting the wealth break down of the U.S. correct helps both economic researchers and policy makers as it guides fiscal policy. The paper found the U.S. was not alone in underestimating how rich its rich are. Other countries also downplayed the assets of their 1 percent, with many European nations having a significant gap between the richest household recorded by their equivalent survey and the poorest billionaire on the Forbes list. Vermeulen 's research may also suggest that the wealth controlled by the richest 5 percent in America, which was always thought to be a huge 60 percent, may also be more. The men and women on the Forbes' billionaires list have an aggregate wealth of $6.7 trillion.
highlights: The top 1 percent of U.S. earners were previously estimated to control 30 per cent of the country's wealth but it seems that number could be closer to 37 per cent . A new working paper from a European Central Bank senior economist wealthier households are less likely to respond to surveys about their assets than lower-income families . This is because they are away, too busy or hesitant to answer questions honestly about their wealth .
id: 38aa02bd0eabd9e0e14b1f063e89ab6e0d2d8234
chatgpt: A recent working paper from a senior economist at the European Central Bank has found that the top 1 percent of U.S. earners may control even more of the country's wealth than previously estimated. While it was previously believed that this elite group controlled about 30 percent of the nation's wealth, the new research suggests that their share could be as high as 37 percent. So what led to this updated estimation? According to the working paper, wealthier households are less likely to participate in surveys about their assets compared to lower-income families. It's believed that this discrepancy is due to a range of reasons, from being too busy to answer the survey to hesitancy to truthfully disclose their wealth. This poses a significant challenge when estimating wealth inequality in the United States. Surveys conducted by government agencies and research groups rely on participation from people across all spectrums of wealth and income. When the wealthiest Americans are less likely to participate, it skews the data and can result in inaccurate estimates of their share of the nation's wealth. The implications of this updated estimation are significant. Wealth inequality has been a hot topic in recent years, with some calling for increased taxation of the top earners in order to redistribute wealth and promote economic equality. The higher estimate of the top 1 percent's share of wealth only lends more weight to these debates. However, it's important to note that this new estimation is just that: an estimation. There are still many factors at play when it comes to accurately determining the distribution of wealth in the United States. But it's clear that as technology and other factors continue to influence and complicate the nation's economy, accurately measuring wealth inequality will only become more difficult. For policymakers and individuals alike, it's crucial to continue to engage in debates and discussions around the issue of wealth inequality. By understanding the challenges in determining the distribution of wealth, we can work towards creating a more equitable society for all Americans.