article: Britons cannot do without their iPads and iPhones after naming Apple as their favourite American export. A study has found that one in three British people think the electronic giants and their products are the best thing to come from America. They ranked the devices above the invention of the light bulb, credit card, hamburger and even Elvis. The research, conducted by St Pancras International Station to celebrate Thanksgiving, saw 36 per cent of people place Apple at the top of the table. Britons named Apple, who make the iPhone, as the number one thing they are most grateful to American for. It beat the light bulb into second place . Apple was founded by Steve Jobs, Steve Wozniak, and Ronald Wayne on April 1, 1976, to develop and sell personal computers like the iPad pictured above . It was followed by the light bulb with 25 per cent, credit card 22 per cent, and wheeled luggage 22 per cent. The TV comedy, Friends, starring Jennifer Aniston, Matt LeBlanc, Lisa Kurdrow, Matthew Perry and David Schwimmer, came in fifth. Also featuring highly were Americano coffee, scented candles, milkshakes and Elvis. Across the Atlantic Americans named the 1960s rock and roll band, The Beatles, as their favourite British export. In a survey 39 per cent of Americans named the UK's best export as The Beatles . The fab four beat the television, which was created by John Logie Baird . The Fab Four received 39 per cent of the vote followed by the television 34 per cent, the internet 31 per cent and Ian Fleming's fictional character, James Bond, with 30 per cent. Afternoon tea, the toilet, picnics and whisky also made the American list of UK favourites. Wendy Spinks, Commercial Director of HS1 International Ltd (owners of St Pancras International) said: 'We twinned with Grand Central Terminal earlier this year as we have lots in common; we both have stunning architecture, eye-catching clocks and reputations as romantic meeting destinations. 'In the spirit of our American friends and Thanksgiving, we wanted to reflect on what we are most thankful to the U.S. for as a nation. 'Every day we see lots of people whizzing through the station with wheeled luggage, on their iPads or sipping Americanos on the concourse, and it's great to be able to say thanks to the U.S. for their contribution.' Apple (iPad, iPod, iPhone, Mac) (35%) Light Bulb (25%) Credit Card (22%) Wheeled Luggage (22%) F.R.I.E.N.D.S (21%) Hamburgers (20%) Americano (Coffee) (16%) Scented Candles (16%) Milkshakes (15%) Elvis (14%) The Beatles (39%) Television (34%) The Internet (31%) James Bond (30%) Afternoon Tea (27%) The toilet (26%) English Breakfast Tea (22%) Picnics (19%) Scones (16%) Whisky (14%)
highlights: One in three Brits name Apple as the best thing to come from America . Tech giants beat the light bulb, credit card, hamburger and even Elvis . Americans say they are most grateful to the UK for pop group The Beatles . The fab four were ranked above the television, internet and the toilet .
id: 0a71c5a217103844288b29cfbd3ef32575bfddce
chatgpt: A recent survey conducted in the UK found that one in three British people consider Apple to be the best thing to come out of America. The tech giant beat out other iconic American inventions such as the light bulb, credit card, hamburger, and even Elvis Presley. Apple has become a monumental force in the technology industry, with its groundbreaking products and innovative designs. The company's products, such as the iPhone, MacBook, and iPad, have revolutionized the way we communicate, work, and even think. The survey also found that Americans have a different perspective on what they appreciate most from the UK. While the UK has contributed numerous innovations to the world, such as the television, internet, and even the toilet, the majority of Americans surveyed named The Beatles as the best thing to come from the UK. The Beatles, a British rock band that rose to stardom in the 1960s, have become a cultural icon and a symbol of British excellence in music. Their catchy tunes, infectious melodies, and dynamic personalities have captivated audiences all over the world. Interestingly, both Apple and The Beatles share a common trait - they have influenced and shaped the world around us, leaving a lasting impact on society and culture. The survey also revealed that age played a factor in people's responses. Younger generations were more likely to name Apple as the best American invention, while older generations overwhelmingly chose the light bulb. Similarly, older generations were more likely to name iconic British inventions such as the television and internet, while younger generations ranked The Beatles higher. The survey highlights the influence that inventions and innovations can have on our daily lives, shaping our culture, and defining our values. It also shows how our perceptions and attitudes towards these inventions can change over time. Overall, the survey provides an interesting insight into the way people perceive inventions and innovations from different countries. While Apple and The Beatles may seem like vastly different entities, they have both left an indelible mark on our world, shaping the way we live and influencing the things we value.