article: Los Angeles (CNN) -- Ray J Norwood has been charged with four misdemeanors in a case in which he's accused of grabbing a woman's buttocks, smashing a police car window and spitting on a cop. The Los Angeles County district attorney on Monday filed the charges against the singer stemming from an incident at a Beverly Hills hotel on May 30, a court filing said. Norwood, 33, is infamous as Kim Kardashian's partner in the sex tape that launched her reality show career. A police spokesman said Norwood's initial hearing is set for Friday, although he does not have to attend since the charges are misdemeanors. The criminal complaint lists four counts: sexual battery, vandalism, resisting arrest and battery. Ray J's publicist declined to comment about the charges. Beverly Hills police arrested him at the Beverly Wilshire Hotel on May 30 after a woman complained that he "grabbed her buttocks," a police statement said. Although the initial police report said it was decided that the "contact was incidental," the complaint alleged that it was sexual battery because Ray J did "unlawfully touch an intimate part" of the woman for the "specific purpose of sexual arousal, sexual gratification and sexual abuse." The vandalism, battery and resisting arrest charges filed by the Los Angeles County district attorney stem from what happened after police arrived at the hotel. Norwood "became belligerent with the valets and refused to leave," despite repeated requests by hotel security, the police statement said. "After the uniform police officers took Mr. Norwood into custody and placed him in the rear of a police vehicle, he became belligerent and used his feet to shatter the side window of the police vehicle," the police statement said. "Mr. Norwood was subsequently removed from the police vehicle in order to restrain his feet; at which time he became combative and spat into the face of one of the officers." Former Destiny's Child member arrested after NFL players call police on her . John McEnroe's son arrested on drug charges .
highlights: Ray J Norwood is infamous as Kim Kardashian's partner in a sex tape . He allegedly grabbed a woman's buttocks, smashed a window and spat on a cop . The singer was arrested at a Beverly Hills hotel on May 30 . Ray J's publicist declined to comment about the charges .
id: dcf1a004fed7c795441a0320da1883b68a1abb1a
chatgpt: Ray J Norwood, the controversial musician who gained notoriety as Kim Kardashian's partner in a sex tape, has landed himself in hot water once again. According to reports, he was arrested on May 30 at a Beverly Hills hotel and is facing charges of battery, vandalism, and resisting arrest. Eyewitnesses at the scene claim that Ray J grabbed a woman's buttocks, causing her to react in shock and alarm. When hotel security attempted to intervene, he allegedly became aggressive and began smashing windows in the hotel lobby. Police were called to the scene and attempted to subdue Ray J. However, he reportedly resisted arrest and spat on one of the officers. He was eventually taken into custody and transported to the Beverly Hills Police Department. As news of his arrest spread, many were quick to bring up his past scandals and controversies, particularly his infamous sex tape with former partner Kim Kardashian. Despite the public outcry, his publicist declined to comment on the charges against him. Ray J's antics have often landed him in the media spotlight, and this latest incident is no exception. His behavior has drawn criticism from many, who see him as a reckless and irresponsible individual. This isn't the first time Ray J has faced legal troubles. In 2014, he was arrested on charges of battery and vandalism after getting into a physical altercation with his ex-girlfriend. He was also arrested in 2015 for driving under the influence. While the outcome of this latest incident remains to be seen, it seems that Ray J's troubled past may continue to haunt him. As the public continues to follow this story, many are left wondering whether he will ever be able to put his tumultuous past behind him once and for all.