article: Derry Mathews will challenge world lightweight champion Richar Abril in Liverpool on March 6. Abril, who holds the WBA title, was due to face Anthony Crolla later this month but the Manchester fighter was attacked just before Christmas after interrupting a robbery. As a result, Mathews, who beat Crolla in 2012, will step in for his first shot at a world title against the tricky Cuban. Derry Mathews (right) will get a shot at the WBA world lightweight title in his hometown Liverpool . Abril (left) successfully defends his WBA lightweight title against Edis Tatli in Helsinki last September . The 31-year-old from Liverpool is a former British and Commonwealth champion and has won four of his last five fights but will start as the underdog against Abril. The champion fought just once in both 2013, when he won the title against Sharif Bogere, and last year when he won a majority decision against Edis Tatli in Finland. His sole outing in 2012 saw him lose a split decision to Brandon Rios. A source confirmed to Sportsmail that an official announcement will be made this week. Mathews will be joined on the card at the Echo Arena by Paul Butler who will attempt to win his second world title. Anthony Crolla (right) was forced to withdraw from the fight after being attacked by robbers . Crolla has returned home after a fractured skull and broken ankle was caused when confronting burglars . Promoter Eddie Hearn said via Twitter that Crolla will get a comeback fight once he has returned to fitness . Butler takes on IBF super-featherweight champion Zolani Tete in what will be the South African’s first defence. Butler, 26, previously moved up to bantamweight to take on then world champion Stuart Hall, winning by split decision in Newcastle. ‘It’s going to be a magical night at the Echo Arena with my fans backing me all the way to a second world title,’ he said. ‘It’s by no means going to be an easy night against Tete, who’s a very tough and experienced champion, but fighting for the world title in front of my fans at home means the world to me and that will give me the extra determination to win it.’ Paul Butler (left) will attempt to win his second world title against  IBF super-featherweight cham Zolani Tete .
highlights: Richar Abril was due to fight Anthony Crolla for WBA lightweight title . Crolla withdrew after being attacked while interrupting a robbery . Derry Mathews has stepped in for the fight in Liverpool on March 6 .
id: f09fa30834f7f08c55b0b3db00bd974338fcebc7
chatgpt: In a dramatic turn of events, Anthony Crolla has withdrawn from his upcoming fight against Richard Abril for the WBA lightweight title. Crolla was forced to withdraw after being attacked while interrupting a robbery in the early hours of Sunday morning. Crolla, who was due to face Abril at the Liverpool Echo Arena on March 6, sustained injuries to his head and torso in the attack. The incident has been widely condemned by the boxing community, with many expressing their shock and concern for Crolla's well-being. But despite the setback, the show must go on. And in steps Derry Mathews, the Liverpudlian lightweight who has fought amongst some of the biggest names in boxing. Mathews, who has an impressive record of 28 wins and 7 losses, is no stranger to the big stage and will relish the opportunity to go head-to-head with Abril in front of his home crowd. The fight is set to be an intriguing battle between two fighters with vastly different styles. Abril, a slick and elusive boxer, is renowned for his defensive skills and counter-punching ability. Mathews, on the other hand, is a fiery and aggressive fighter who has a reputation for his power punching and relentless pressure. Despite the short notice, Mathews is confident that he can upset the odds and clinch the WBA lightweight title in front of his home fans. Speaking to reporters, he said: "I've been in training and I'm always ready for a fight. This is a huge opportunity for me and I'm going to grab it with both hands. Abril is a great fighter, but I know what I'm capable of and I'm going to give it everything I've got." The fight promises to be a thrilling encounter, with both fighters having a lot to prove. For Abril, this is a chance to cement his position as one of the best lightweights in the world. For Mathews, it is a chance to add another major title to his impressive resume and etch his name into the history books of British boxing. The absence of Crolla will undoubtedly be felt, but Mathews has stepped in at short notice to ensure that the show goes on. And with two fighters with contrasting styles going head-to-head, this promises to be one of the most exciting fights of the year.