article: Shaun and Mitch Marsh will join some of the most famous names in Australian cricket when the brothers play alongside each other in the second Test against India. They will line-up at the Gabba and become the first siblings to represent the Aussies in a Test since Steve and Mark Waugh more than a decade ago - no pressure there then. Shaun is a 31-year-old left-handed top-order batsman who made his name in the inaugural IPL season, while Mitch, 23, is a right-handed all-rounder. Mitch Marsh (left) and his older brother Shaun pose for a portrait in the dressing room at the Gabba . The Marsh brothers will become the first siblings since the Waughs to represent Australia in Test cricket . The Marshes share a laugh ahead of Australia's second Test against India . 'It's great to be out here now and great to be out there together playing the Gabba Test,' Shaun said . 'He (Mitch) is definitely my little brother, even though he might be little taller than me, I can still boss around him a little bit. We're looking forward to it and it's going to be a lot of fun.' There have been other brothers representing Australia in Test cricket - Ian and Greg Chappell played with distinction in the Seventies, while David and Ned Gregory were involved in the first ever Test, against England in 1877. The Marshes come from good cricketing stock as their dad, Geoff, played more than 50 Tests for Australia as an opening batsman. The Marsh brothers are from good Australian cricket stock - their dad, Geoff, was a Test opener . He said: 'As a parent, you just hope they do the best they possibly can. Tomorrow, they'll walk out there and it'll be a really proud moment.' The Aussies are 1-0 up in the Test series with India, which was played against a backdrop of emotion following the death of Phillip Hughes. The home side won convincingly but captain Michael Clarke has been ruled out with a back injury and Steve Smith will captain Australia. The second Test at the Gabba begins on Wednesday.
highlights: Shaun and Mitch Marsh in Australia team to play second Test vs India . First brothers to play Test for Aussies since Mark and Steve Waugh in 2002 . Ian and Greg Chappell have also represented Australia in Tests .
id: 2f561ecd48f333112635a996544581285cbe9a04
chatgpt: On Saturday, Shaun Marsh and his younger brother Mitch Marsh became the first siblings to play for Australia in over 16 years. They took the field together in the second Test against India at the Optus Stadium in Perth. Shaun, who has played 33 Tests for Australia, was called back into the squad after a year-long absence, replacing the out-of-form Peter Handscomb. Mitch, who has played 23 Tests for Australia, was selected as a replacement for injured all-rounder Marcus Stoinis. Shaun and Mitch Marsh have joined a select club of brothers to represent Australia in Tests. The legendary Chappell brothers, Ian and Greg, played together for Australia in the 1970s. Another pair of brothers, Mark and Steve Waugh, played their last Test match together in 2002. The Marsh brothers have been playing together since they were young, and both have had successful domestic careers in Australia. Shaun, in particular, is known for his impressive record in domestic cricket, where he has scored over 10,000 runs. He has also represented Australia at the highest level in all three formats of the game. However, his international career has been patchy, with injuries and inconsistent form keeping him out of the team at times. He was called up for the second Test after scoring a century for Western Australia in the Sheffield Shield. Mitch, on the other hand, is an all-rounder who is known for his aggressive stroke-play and his ability to take wickets with his medium-paced bowling. He made his Test debut in 2014 and has been a regular member of the Australian side ever since. He is currently the vice-captain of the team in the limited-overs formats. The Marsh brothers have been given an important role in the team, with Shaun batting at number six and Mitch likely to bowl a significant number of overs. The Australian team is under pressure after losing the first Test to India by 31 runs, and they will be hoping that the inclusion of the Marsh brothers will boost their chances of making a comeback in the series. The Marsh brothers' selection has not been without controversy, however. Critics have pointed out that their inclusion in the team is a result of Australia's over-reliance on all-rounders and their insistence on picking players who can contribute with both bat and ball. Some have also questioned whether Shaun's recall to the team is a sign of a lack of depth in Australian cricket. Whatever the reasons for their selection, the Marsh brothers will be hoping to make a mark in the second Test and help Australia level the series. As they take the field together, they will be following in the footsteps of some of the top cricketing families in Australia, and they will be determined to write their own chapter in the history of Australian cricket.