article: By . Mark Duell . Last updated at 5:21 PM on 13th December 2011 . Expect the poles to be replaced with crosses and songs of praise instead of seedy music - as this former strip club could soon become a church. Art Hage is already a pastor of several churches but now wants to set up a new one at the notorious Pink Pony in Cross Lanes, West Virginia. The Hurricane Bible Church & Ministries preacher wants to raise $795,000 to buy the old strip club, which has been on sale for more than a year. Scroll down for video . House of God: Art Hage is already a pastor of several churches but now wants to set up a new one at the notorious Pink Pony in Cross Lanes, West Virginia . Plan: The Bible Church & Ministries preacher is hoping to raise $795,000 to buy the old strip club, which has been on the market for more than a year . ‘It's been a haven of evil,’ he told WSAZ. ‘When good people do nothing, nothing happens. When good people do something, something happens. ‘Christians that love God, they'll come because they want to help other people,’ he said, before adding: ‘We've got to raise about $795,000.’ His church also operates the Faith Mission, where he runs projects for the homeless and drug addicts with his parishioners. ‘There's so many people that are down and out and they're really going through hard times,’ his parishioner Paul Bentley told WSAZ. Current base: Pastor Art said if the church can raise all the money then it will probably take up to a year to rework and expand the former strip club . Old sign: The club lost its liquor licence in 2003 and failed in a 2008 reapplication because it was too close to an alcohol-serving TGI Friday's restaurant . The club lost its liquor licence in 2003 and failed in a 2008 reapplication because it was too close to an alcohol-serving TGI Friday's restaurant. The Pink Pony became notorious in 2003 when Powerball millionaire Jack Whittaker was allegedly drugged and robbed there. Charges against two staff who were accused . of robbing him of more than $500,000 were dropped - and he eventually got the money back, . reported the Charleston Gazette. Pastor Art said if the church can raise all the money then it will probably take up to a year to rework and expand the former strip club. He is expecting up to 300 families to join the church, but if they can’t raise all the money then what they have will go towards existing projects in Hurricane. ‘Gambling, drinking - all of it's bad and it produces a society that's out of control,’ he told the Charleston Gazette. ‘It has got to be stopped.’ No more: Pastor Art said that the strip club has been a 'haven of evil' (file picture) See video here .
highlights: Art Hage has plans for old strip club in West Virginia . Trying to raise $795,000 to renovate building in a year . Strip club notorious for Powerball winner theft incident .
id: 7cfa34e5c964265f11bb5afa96fbd77bc1977b33
chatgpt: Art Hage, a local entrepreneur, has set his sights on an old strip club in West Virginia, with plans to renovate the building and turn it into a new business venture. However, the project requires a significant amount of money. Hage is trying to raise $795,000 in order to fund the renovation of the building within a year. The strip club, located in a quiet town of West Virginia, has had a notorious reputation in recent years. It was the site of a much-publicized incident, in which a Powerball lottery winner was robbed of her prize money by an employee of the club. The incident sparked outrage in the community, and resulted in the closure of the club. Despite this, Hage sees potential in the building. He believes that with the right investment, it can be transformed into a thriving business that will bring jobs and economic growth to the region. However, he acknowledges that there are challenges ahead. "We understand that this is not going to be an easy project," Hage said in a recent interview. "But we are confident that with the support of the local community, we can make it happen." Hage's plans for the building are still unclear, but he has hinted that it may involve a new entertainment venue, such as a concert hall or a sports bar. Whatever the final outcome, Hage is committed to creating something that will benefit the local community. "We want to bring something new and exciting to this town," Hage said. "We want to create a space where people can come together and have a good time. And most importantly, we want to create jobs, and help boost the local economy." To raise the necessary funds, Hage has launched a crowdfunding campaign on Kickstarter. The campaign has already received a significant amount of attention, with many people expressing their support for the project. "I think it's great that someone is finally doing something with that old building," said local resident Maryann Johnson. "It's been an eyesore for years. I hope Art can raise the money he needs to make this happen." Although there is still a long way to go, Hage remains optimistic about the project's chances of success. "I believe in this town, and I believe in the people who live here," he said. "We can make this happen, but we need everyone's support to do it." As Hage continues to work towards his goal, the future of the old strip club remains uncertain. But one thing is certain: this project has captured the imagination of the community, and has the potential to bring new life to a once-notorious venue.