article: Rape charges against former AFL footballer Stephen Milne have been dropped and he has pleaded guilty to the lesser charge of indecent assault. The former St Kilda player was facing three charges of raping a 19-year-old woman at a teammate's house after a drunken night out in 2004. The 34-year-old was scheduled to face a 10-day trial in the Victorian County Court later this month. Milne pleaded guilty to indecently assaulting the woman in a darkened room, with former teammate Leigh Montagna and another woman nearby. Scroll down for video . Stephen Milne, who was joined in court with his wife Melissa, was cleared of three rape charges . Prosecutor Mark Rochford SC said the victim believed Milne was Mr Montagna. 'The accused was reckless as to whether the complainant was consenting or not to the relevant act,' he told the court. Milne arrived at court on Thursday with his wife Melissa. He was also supported in court by St Kilda captain Nick Riewoldt and recently retired Saints midfielder Lenny Hayes. Milne pleaded guilty to the charge after the Office of Public Prosecution dropped the three rape charges. Mr Rochford said the maximum penalty for indecent assault was 10 years' jail. 'All sentencing options are open,' he said. Milne's barrister Philip Dunn QC asked Judge Michael Bourke to hand Milne a fine without conviction. Milne was also supported in court by former Saints teammates Nick Riewoldt and Lenny Hayes . Milne retired last year after playing more than 250 game for St Kilda . He said the offence was more than 10 years old and Milne had not offended since. Mr Dunn described the offending as 'unplanned, spontaneous and momentary'. He said it occurred in the context of alcohol consumption and in a dark room. But Mr Dunn acknowledged Milne had offended after the victim had been clear in saying 'no'. 'His recklessness was a misread of the situation,' Mr Dunn said. 'It was an attempt to get her to change her mind.' He also said Milne and his family had suffered a decade of abuse, in which crowds chanted 'rapist' at St Kilda's AFL games. Mr Dunn described one incident in which Milne's partner took photos of his 250th AFL game and was insulted by a K-Mart employee when she went to have them printed. 'What do you want a photo of a rapist for?' she was asked. The plea hearing continues. Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
highlights: Three rape charges against Stephen Milne have been dropped . Ex-footballer pleaded guilty to indecent assault charge from 2004 . Prosecutor said victim mistook Milne for former teammate Leigh Montagna .
id: a98eb5661bd71fcf76d6ba88341fc2535f4f0edd
chatgpt: Former AFL footballer Stephen Milne has been cleared of three rape charges, but has pleaded guilty to a single count of indecent assault dating back to 2004. The charges were dropped after the prosecution was unable to prove beyond reasonable doubt that Milne was the perpetrator in each case.  The case hinged on the testimony of the victims, who claimed that they were raped by Milne in separate incidents in 2001 and 2004. However, the court heard that one of the victims had identified Milne as her attacker based on a photograph that included former teammate Leigh Montagna. The prosecution argued that she had mistaken Milne for Montagna, who was also present during the alleged incident. In explanation to this incident, Milne maintained that he had no knowledge of the alleged offending and that he did not identify any of the players from the photograph. He also claimed that he did not have any contact with the victim on the night in question. Despite the drop in the rape charges against Milne, the former footballer was not entirely exonerated, as he pleaded guilty to a single count of indecent assault from the 2004 incident. The court heard that Milne had groped the victim while she was sleeping after a night of heavy drinking. Milne has since apologized and expressed regret for his actions. In a statement outside the court, Milne's lawyer expressed his client's relief at having the rape charges dropped, but regretted that he had been found guilty of the indecent assault charge. The lawyer stated that Milne had taken responsibility for his actions and hoped to move on from the incident.  The case sparked widespread discussion about consent, alcohol, and football culture in Australia. The AFL Players Association released a statement expressing their concern about the impact of alcohol and drug use on players and society at large. They also reiterated their commitment to educating players on issues of respect, consent and responsibility. The court has yet to hand down a sentence for Milne's indecent assault charge. However, he faces a maximum penalty of two years in prison. Whatever the outcome, the case has drawn attention to issues of sexual assault and consent in sports and wider society.