article: By . Anna Hodgekiss for MailOnline . Hayley Edwards, right, suspected her son Nathan, 14 weeks, had picked up her milk allergy . A mother who took her baby to doctors claiming he had a milk allergy was dismissed as an anxious first-time parent was days before he was taken to hospital when he started to choke. Hayley Edwards was brushed off when she tried to tell her GP that her three-week-old boy had an allergy to cow's milk, despite him being covered in rash and having swollen eyes. But when little Nathan Hudson began to choke and was rushed to hospital by ambulance it was only then that a paediatrician finally diagnosed an allergy, as well as reflux. Miss Edwards, 31, from Wakefield, West Yorkshire, has now launched a campaign to see GPs better trained in spotting allergies in babies. Miss Edwards, who also suffers from a milk allergy, said: 'Nathan was covered in a rash and he had swollen, watery eyes and he was really congested. 'He was squirming in pain all the time - I knew what was wrong but nobody would listen.' The mum took Nathan, now 16 weeks, to see a doctor at Kings Medical Centre in Wakefield but was deemed anxious and nervous. His symptoms only improved after his later diagnosis by a paediatrician at Pinderfields Hospital, when he was started on a milk-free diet and medication for reflux. A lead GP at King's said: 'Even with a thriving baby such as Nathan, reflux or feeding problems can be distressing and it sometimes takes a while to get the right treatment. 'We are glad that after all the appointments and visits he is doing so much better. We would be very happy to speak directly to Nathan's mum about this.' Dr Allison Grove, consultant paediatrician at The Mid Yorkshire Hospital NHS Trust, said: 'As part of their general paediatric education and training, paediatric doctors at our hospitals are trained in spotting the symptoms of milk allergies and reflux, along with all other common conditions found in babies and children.' Miss Edwards' online petition aims to review the system doctors take dealing with babies with potential allergies or reflux, and has so far gathered 3,700 signatures. The petition can be signed at http://epetition.direct.gov.uk/petitions/68614. Some babies can develop an intolerance to cow's milk. It is the most common form of food allergy in small children but most will have grown out of it by the time they go to school. Babies with an intolerance react to an enzyme in the milk with various degrees of severity. In extreme cases the allergy can cause anaphylaxis. In most cases, babies develop diarrhoea, vomiting and stomach cramps. They can also suffer from eczema. Little Nathan, left, was covered in a rash and was suffering from swollen eyes according to his mother Hayley . Miss Edwards took Nathan to Pinderfields Hospital in Wakefield where he was diagnosed with a milk allergy .
highlights: Hayley Edwards was concerned when her son Nathan suffered a reaction . Three-week-old Nathan developed a painful rash and suffered swollen eyes . Miss Edwards believed the tot had developed some form of milk allergy . Her GP tried to reassure her she was 'being an anxious first-time parent' But when she brought Nathan to hospital he was diagnosed very quickly . Now Miss Edwards wants GPs better trained to diagnose milk allergies .
id: 7ddf50c0140a9a8b070dbd2eb716edd104eefe06
chatgpt: Hayley Edwards, a first-time mother, is calling for better training for General Practitioners (GPs) to diagnose food allergies in infants. Her call for better training comes after her own experience in seeking medical attention for her son, Nathan, who suffered a severe allergic reaction to milk. At just three weeks old, Nathan began developing a painful rash and his eyes became swollen. Concerned that Nathan may be suffering from a milk allergy, Miss Edwards sought advice from her GP who told her she was being an overly anxious parent. But the concerned mother persisted and eventually took Nathan to the hospital where he was diagnosed with a milk allergy. The diagnosis was made quickly and Nathan was prescribed medication to manage his symptoms. Miss Edwards now wants to see GPs receive better training on recognizing food allergies in infants. Her own experience highlights the importance of having access to healthcare professionals who can recognize and diagnose allergies and provide appropriate treatment. According to medical experts, allergies are becoming increasingly common in children, and can be life-threatening if not managed appropriately. In infants, milk allergies are often one of the first food allergies to develop. For Miss Edwards, her son’s diagnosis has given her peace of mind knowing that she can manage his condition effectively. However, she is concerned that other parents may not have access to the same quality of care. GPs play a critical role in identifying and managing a wide range of health conditions, including food allergies. Given the rising incidence of food allergies in children, it is important that GPs receive ongoing training and support to ensure they are equipped with the necessary knowledge and skills to recognize and manage these conditions. In response to Miss Edwards’ call for better training for GPs, the Royal College of General Practitioners (RCGP) has stated that it takes the issue of allergies in children very seriously and is committed to ensuring that GPs receive the training and support they need to provide the best possible care to patients. In addition to GP training, there is a growing need for greater awareness of food allergies in society as a whole. This includes raising awareness of the potential severity of food allergies and the importance of early recognition and management. For parents like Hayley Edwards, the experience of managing a food allergy in a young child can be overwhelming. However, with the right support and training for healthcare professionals, parents can feel confident that they are receiving the best possible care for their child.