article: Children were forced to eat their own vomit and have sex with staff at an Australian orphanage run by the Anglican church, an inquiry has heard. A former child resident told the royal commission into the alleged abuse that young children were viciously beaten over decades of systematic abuse at the North Coast Children's Home in Lismore, New South Wales. The witness, known only as CK, said today that some children suffered ritual sexual abuse at the hands of staff. Children were systematically abused at the Anglican-run North Coast Children's Home in Lismore, New South Wales, a royal commission has heard . The Royal Commission Into Institutional Responses to Child Sexual Abuse in Sydney was set up to investigate the Church's handling of the abuse when complaints were made from 2005. About seven former residents, who lived at the orphanage between 1944 and 1985, are expected to give evidence at the two-week inquiry. It is estimated that about 200 children suffered physical or sexual abuse at the home. In 2006, the Anglican Church paid compensation to 38 victims but other claims were later rejected. In his graphic account of abuse at the care home, CK told the hearing that he was subjected to a 'cleansing process' in which a minister licked him while a cross was placed on his body. The inquiry was also told that children as young as five were forced to have oral sex. Seven former residents of the home will give evidence to the two-week commission (file picture) CK, who left the home in 1958, said he was once made to sit at a table for ten hours because he refused to eat. 'If you threw up they made you eat the vomit and I was not going to do that', he was quoted by saying by Nine MSN. He . described one incident in which a matron beat three children so badly . in a shower that there was blood running into the drain. Many children went on to commit suicide, the hearing was told. CK . said: 'The pain that we have, we will take to the grave. The ones who . have suicided, they're possibly the lucky ones. We're the living dead . that remain.' He spoke of terrible conditions in which children had no shoes and few clothes. Former resident and campaigner Tommy Campion spearheaded the suit against the church. He . has accused the Anglican Church of fighting claims of abuse and he and . his sister refused to accept compensation that was given to claimants. The church apologised for the abuse earlier this year. The commission is expected to sit for two weeks.
highlights: Royal commission opened into Church's response to abuse allegations . Former resident gives harrowing account of ritual sexual abuse at home . About 200 children estimated to have been physically and sexually abused at North Coast Children's Home in Lismore .
id: ca90b2e5c8b7fe9f2fc1777e8ce1bad794a06a06
chatgpt: A royal commission has been opened into the response of the Church towards abuse allegations, following a harrowing account given by a former resident of the North Coast Children's Home in Lismore. The account described ritual sexual abuse that occurred at the home. The commission is set to investigate how the Church handled the allegations, as well as the allegations themselves. It is estimated that about 200 children were physically and sexually abused at the home. The alleged abuse occurred between the 1940s and 1980s, and affected both boys and girls. The North Coast Children's Home was a residential home for children who had been taken from their families by the government or the Church. The former resident who gave the harrowing account of the abuse that they endured at the home, spoke of "endless nights of terror". They stated that "physical and sexual abuse became a daily occurrence" and that "children were subjected to punishments that were extreme and cruel". The account given was just one of many that have been made by residents of the home over the years. The royal commission will investigate how the Church responded to allegations of abuse at the North Coast Children's Home, and how they handled and dealt with complaints made by former residents. The commission will also look into the actions of the government in relation to the home, and whether they were aware of the abuse taking place at the time. The Church has apologized for the abuse that occurred at the North Coast Children's Home, and has stated that it will fully cooperate with the royal commission. A spokesperson for the Church stated that "we are deeply sorry for the abuse that took place at the North Coast Children's Home, and we are committed to ensuring that this never happens again". The royal commission is one of several that have been opened in Australia in recent years to investigate the abuse of children by institutions, including schools, churches, and government organizations. The abuse of children in institutional care has been a significant issue in Australia, with thousands of cases reported over the years. The opening of the latest royal commission has been welcomed by advocates for survivors of institutional abuse. "This is an important step towards justice for the survivors of abuse at the North Coast Children's Home", said a spokesperson for a support group for survivors. "We hope that this commission will help to bring closure to those who have suffered for so long". The commission is set to start in the coming weeks, and is expected to last for several months. It is hoped that the findings of the commission will help to shed light on the abuse that took place at the North Coast Children's Home, and provide a sense of closure for those who have been affected.