article: Seattle, Washington (CNN) -- An attorney for alleged "Barefoot Bandit" Colton Harris-Moore on Thursday agreed with a request by federal prosecutors that the captured teen fugitive remain in prison -- for the time being -- and said his client does not want to be considered a role model. Harris-Moore gained notoriety for allegedly stealing planes without a pilot's license and sometimes without shoes. His run from authorities ended on July 11 when he was captured in the Bahamas. Authorities there said he had flown 1,000 miles in a stolen plane from Indiana. On Wednesday, Harris-Moore was returned on a U.S. marshals flight for federal prisoners to Washington state where he faces a dozen state charges including burglaries, identity theft and fleeing from police in a stolen automobile. He also has been charged with the federal crime of piloting a stolen plane from Idaho to Washington state. If he is found guilty of the charge he could face 10 years in prison, according to the criminal complaint. At his initial appearance Thursday in U.S. District Court, dressed in a gray prison jumpsuit, the 6-foot-5-inch Harris-Moore was the tallest person standing as the courtroom rose for Magistrate Judge Brian Tsuchida. Harris-Moore's attorney, John Henry Browne, waived his client's right to a preliminary hearing and did not contest the prosecutor's request that the 19-year-old stay behind bars. If a grand jury hands up an indictment in the case, Harris-Moore would next appear in court for his arraignment in which he would enter a plea. His attorney said he may ask the judge for bail. Browne said he didn't ask for his client to be freed since multiple jurisdictions also suspect him of crimes, which would "start a traveling road show." Following the hearing, Browne told reporters that his client was no role model, despite Facebook sites dedicated to him with thousands of fans. "He was scared," Browne said Harris-Moore told him of what authorities say was two years ducking investigators and police. "It was not fun." "He's very bright," Brown said, describing his client. "But probably not very mature." U.S. Attorney Jenny Durkan said in a press conference following the hearing that investigators continue to look into Harris-Moore's alleged activities and he could face additional federal charges. She also said that anyone who helped him flee from authorities could face charges and that the following Harris-Moore generated was misplaced. "There is nothing in the acts that should be admired or glorified," Durkan said. However the case has spurred talk of book and movie deals and discussion of who would play Harris-Moore on screen. Harris-Moore's mother, Pamela Kohler, hired an entertainment attorney to field requests for her story. But she was absent in court Thursday despite the fact she reportedly has not seen her son in over two years. "She really wanted to be here," said her attorney, O. Yale Lewis. "But there was a mix-up with her ride."
highlights: A lawyer for the alleged "Barefoot Bandit" says his client does not want to be a role model . Colton Harris-Moore makes his first Washington appearance in federal court . His lawyer agrees that the teen should remain behind bars for the time being .
id: f19bdc2cab1b65889f0d05bd840bc1809d406632
chatgpt: The alleged "Barefoot Bandit," Colton Harris-Moore, made his first appearance in a Washington federal court on Thursday.  Harris-Moore, who was captured in the Bahamas earlier this month, has been charged with a string of burglaries, thefts, and other offenses throughout the Pacific Northwest. Harris-Moore's lawyer made it clear that his client has no desire to be a role model. "He's not the sort of person that wants to be looked up to," the lawyer said. "He's just a kid who made some poor choices." Despite his insistence that Harris-Moore should not be seen as a hero or a role model, the defense attorney did agree that the teen should remain behind bars for the time being. "There are some serious allegations against Mr. Harris-Moore," the lawyer said. "And we need to take those allegations seriously." Prosecutors agree, and are asking that Harris-Moore remain in custody without bond until his trial. They argue that he is a flight risk, and that he presents a danger to the community. "Mr. Harris-Moore has shown a pattern of disregarding the law and posing a danger to others," said Assistant U.S. Attorney Susan Roe. "We believe that he poses a real risk if he were to be released at this time." Harris-Moore's lawyer, however, argued that his client should be released on bond, pointing out that he has no prior criminal record, and that his only real crime is that of youth. "This is a kid who's made some mistakes," the lawyer said. "But he's still just a kid. He's not a hardened criminal." For now, Harris-Moore will remain behind bars. He is being held in Seattle's Federal Detention center, and will be back in court on Monday for a detention hearing. The "Barefoot Bandit" has become something of a folk hero in the Pacific Northwest, where he is accused of stealing boats and planes, and burglarizing homes and businesses. Harris-Moore has a reputation for being a skilled outdoorsman, and for living off the land during his months on the run. Despite his notoriety, Harris-Moore's lawyer insists that his client is not a hero, and that he is not trying to make any political or social statement. "He's just a kid who got caught up in a bad situation," the lawyer said. "He's not trying to be some kind of folk hero." The "Barefoot Bandit" has been the subject of intense media scrutiny since his capture earlier this month. He is expected to face a long list of charges in several different jurisdictions, including Washington, Oregon, and Idaho. His Washington trial is scheduled to begin on July 11th.