article: Hatem Ben Arfa has reached an agreement with Newcastle to have his contract terminated with immediate effect. The winger was sent to Hull on a season-long loan last summer but Tigers boss Steve Bruce cut his spell at the KC Stadium short after becoming frustrated with the Frenchman's attitude. Ben Arfa's Newcastle contract was due to expire at the end of this season but he has agreed for it to be torn up in order to secure a permanent move to Ligue 1 side Nice. French international Hatem Ben Arfa has agreed a deal with French club Nice after leaving Hull early . The 27-year-old's loan spell is being cut short by Hull having played just nine games for the club . A Newcastle statement read: 'Newcastle United can today confirm that Hatem Ben Arfa and the club have reached an agreement to terminate the contract between both parties with immediate effect by mutual consent. Newcastle United wishes Hatem all the best for his future.' The announcement follows confirmation from Nice that they are set to hand the 27-year-old a chance to get his career back on track. A statement on Nice's website on Saturday read: 'Nice confirms having reached an agreement in principle with Hatem Ben Arfa. The French international will pass the medical examination Monday, prior to his signature. 'Hatem Ben Arfa has never been so close to Nice. The attacking midfielder is expected to continue his career in the red-and-black jersey.' Ben Arfa was pictured training with his new team-mates on Saturday and is due to sign a contract on Monday. He made just eight Premier League appearances for Hull before Bruce dropped him, with the former Sunderland boss telling the BBC: 'Sometimes transfers don't work, especially with a loan deal. Ben Arfa scored 14 goals in 86 appearances for Newcastle but is surplus to requirements at St James' Park . 'I'm disappointed. We brought him in on a wave of publicity and there has been no fallout or slanging match. 'His views of the game are different to mine. At any club you need to have a certain work ethic to get in the team, that's the frustrating thing.' Ben Arfa netted 14 goals in 86 games for Newcastle before departing for Hull but former Magpies manager Alan Pardew made it clear that he would not be welcome back at St James' Park. 'He won't be coming back here, that's all I can say,' said Pardew.
highlights: Ligue 1 side Nice have agreed a deal to sign Hatem Ben Arfa . The French international has been on loan at Hull this season . But Steve Bruce cut short Ben Arfa's loan at the KC Stadium . Newcastle have terminated his contract six months early .
id: f1b14d2c95858fa43124b5005d1d3bb2a96a4ec7
chatgpt: Ligue 1 club Nice have made a smart acquisition ahead of the new season by agreeing a deal for former Newcastle and Hull midfielder Hatem Ben Arfa. The French international spent last season on loan at Hull, but was unable to impress manager Steve Bruce enough for an extended stay at the KC Stadium. Bruce subsequently cut the loan short. Newcastle, who signed him in 2011, have also decided to part ways with Ben Arfa six months ahead of the expiration of his contract, freeing him up to join Nice immediately. The ability to sign an experienced international makes for a great piece of business for Nice - a team that are continuing to grow due to their impressive performances in Ligue 1, finishing fourth last term. The Frenchman has flirted with controversy throughout his career, but his undoubted talent has always been evident. This was showcased during an impressive season with OGC Nice back in 2015/16, where he scored 17 goals in 34 appearances, highlighting why he was once considered one of the hottest prospects in world football. If Ben Arfa can bring that form back to the club, Nice will be a much tougher proposition for opposition teams in Ligue 1 during the upcoming season. The 30-year-old will bring plenty of experience to a side that is still relatively young, with the likes of Jean Michael Seri and Alassane Plea only 26 and 25 respectively. From a young age, Ben Arfa was considered a prodigy in France, having emerged through the Lyonnais academy before making the move to Marseille at the age of 21. After two seasons in the south of France, in which he netted 11 times in 63 matches, he secured a lucrative move to Newcastle United. His time on Tyneside was somewhat turbulent, largely due to a breakdown in his relationship with manager Alan Pardew. However, it was during his time at Newcastle where he really made a name for himself in the Premier League, scoring 13 times in just under 75 matches. His natural technical ability and mazy runs with the ball proved to be a handful for defenders during his spells in England. However, question marks remain over his consistency and attitude, with a perceived lack of work ethic an issue in the past. Nonetheless, his signing could prove to be a shrewd piece of business for a Nice team that continues to attract talent due to their promising performances in European competition, and now hope to make further strides in France’s topflight.