article: (CNN) -- Far from the sea, a man-made coral reef is taking shape -- and it could change medical operations forever. Step inside the OkCoral lab in Israel's Negev Desert and you'll find row after row of quietly bubbling fish tanks, each containing a precious substance. It is hoped the coral grown in this surreal "farm," could one day be used in bone operations -- encompassing everything from dental implants to spinal procedures. Unlike animal and human bones, coral can't be rejected by the body, say medical experts at the company CoreBone, which manufactures bone replacements from coral. Grown in the lab, this coral is also free from the diseases you might find in the oceanic variety. Start-up science . Assaf Shaham founded the unusual laboratory six years ago at a cost of $2.5 million, with an ambitious vision of tapping into the billion dollar worldwide bone grafting industry. But first he'll need the approval of authorities in the European Union and U.S., with a decision expected next year. The father-of-two's dedication to the business is astounding -- if not a little disconcerting. "In six years of growing corals, I haven't left these four walls for more than 12 hours -- not even once," he said. "For me, it's 100% learning as I go. I take the mother colony, and I cut off a branch of the coral with a diamond saw. Then I glue it to another base made out of cement." The delicate ecosystem needs constant care to ensure the water's salinity, temperature, and chemical make-up is perfect -- any variations and the coral could die. The fish swimming around each tank are essentially the "worker bees" of the artificial reef. They eat the algae growing on the coral, their feces helps feed the coral, and finally, their movements in the water keep the coral strong. And much like the traditional canary in the coalmine, if the fish die, you know something's not quite right in the water. Clever company? Happily for Shaham, his ambitious experiment appears to be thriving, with coral in the lab growing at ten times the normal rate. Just a small container of the coral costs roughly $5 to $10 to produce, and sells for around $250. One of the biggest benefits of the business is its environmental sustainability. "We have a constant supply," says Ohad Schwartz of company CoreBone. "We don't have to worry that in several years, harvesting from the sea could be forbidden." It's a concern they'll never have to think about, when harvesting these remarkable fruits of the desert. Watch: Meet the richest man in Saudi Arabia . Insight: Making wine in the shadow of war .
highlights: Inside the pioneering coral farm in Negev Desert, Israel . Coral could be used for bone grafting procedures . Environmentally sustainable, free of oceanic diseases .
id: 60f2bd0c3f1e20c90639bfe66cc4a28a63f7ff1f
chatgpt: A pioneering coral farm has been established in the heart of the Negev Desert in Israel. The farm is unique in many ways and has the potential to change the way we approach bone grafting procedures. The coral is free of oceanic diseases and is grown in an environmentally sustainable way. The developers of the farm, a team of experts from Israel and around the world, created the facility as a response to the growing need for coral in the medical industry. Coral has long been recognized for its potential applications in bone grafting procedures. The structure of the coral is very similar to that of human bones, making it an ideal material for surgical procedures. However, the traditional method of harvesting coral from the ocean is not sustainable. Coral reefs are already in danger due to climate change and pollution, and removing coral from the ocean puts further pressure on these delicate ecosystems. The coral farm in the Negev Desert represents an innovative solution to this problem. The farm is located far from the ocean, in a region that receives very little rainfall. The coral is grown in special tanks filled with seawater that has been treated to remove impurities. This means that the coral is free of oceanic diseases and is safe for use in surgical procedures. In addition to its medical applications, the farm has other benefits. It is an environmentally sustainable solution to the problem of coral harvesting, and it also provides an opportunity for research and education. The team behind the farm hopes to use it as a platform for studying coral and its applications in medicine, as well as for developing new techniques for growing coral. The coral farm has been received positively by experts in the medical and environmental industries. Many see the project as an example of how innovation and sustainability can work together to solve complex problems. The developers of the farm hope that it will be a model for other industries that rely on natural resources, and that it will inspire further research and development in the field of coral cultivation. The farm has already attracted attention from around the world. Researchers and experts in the field of coral and bone grafting procedures have visited the project to learn more about the process and the possibilities it offers. The team behind the farm believes that the potential of the facility has only just begun to be realized, and that it has the potential to change the way that we approach the use of coral in medicine. In conclusion, the pioneering coral farm in the Negev Desert represents an innovative solution to the problem of coral harvesting for bone grafting procedures. It is an environmentally sustainable and safe solution that has attracted the attention of experts from around the world. The facility has the potential to change the way that we approach the use of coral in medicine, and it is a model for other industries that rely on natural resources.