article: (CNN) -- Voters have elected a former guerrilla who became a crusader against political corruption as the new mayor of Colombia's capital. A military tribunal jailed Gustavo Petro in 1985 for his connections with the M-19 leftist guerrilla group, which was known for high-profile attacks against Colombian authorities -- including a takeover of the nation's Palace of Justice that year, which left dozens dead, including 11 Supreme Court justices. Petro, 51, is not the first Latin American leader with a guerrilla warrior background. Voters in Uruguay and El Salvador also have elected politicians who were previously involved in rebel groups. Before winning Bogota's top job Sunday, Petro, trained as an economist and business administrator, had served as a lawmaker, diplomat and presidential candidate. Speaking to a crowd of cheering supporters Sunday, Petro called his election to Bogota's top post a sign that voters were "saying yes to reconciliation." He vowed to incorporate ideas of other candidates into his administration -- even former Mayor Enrique Penalosa, who he soundly defeated. "We are going to try to set up some meetings with the candidates to talk about their programs," he said. In the political sphere, Petro quickly developing a reputation as a persistent critic of corruption. As a senator, he led the charge against lawmakers and members of then-President Alvaro Uribe's government, accusing them of connections with paramilitary groups. In 2010, he came in third place when he ran for president in Colombia. He takes office as Bogota's mayor on January 1. He has said building homes for the needy and overhauling the education system will be among his top priorities. Journalist Fernando Ramos and CNN's Patricia Ramos contributed to this report.
highlights: Mayor-elect Gustavo Petro was connected with the M-19 guerrilla group . He was jailed for two years and later ventured into politics . Uruguay and El Salvador also have politicians with histories in rebel groups . Petro says voters are "saying yes to reconciliation"
id: c011994f38f3e123a81dfbeef5ffa8f932d3df2c
chatgpt: Mayor-elect Gustavo Petro's past connection with the M-19 guerrilla group has become a topic of discussion in Colombia's politics, but Petro believes it is time for reconciliation. Petro was jailed for two years for his involvement with the group and later ventured into politics. However, he is not alone as Uruguay and El Salvador have politicians with histories in rebel groups. In a recent statement, Petro emphasized that voters are "saying yes to reconciliation." He believes that Colombians are tired of the same old politics and want to move towards a more peaceful and inclusive society. While his past affiliation with a guerrilla group may raise some concerns, Petro emphasizes that he has left behind his violent past and wants to work towards a brighter future for all Colombians. This is not the first time a politician with a history in a rebel group has been elected to office in Latin America. Uruguay's former President Jose Mujica was a former Tupamaro guerrilla leader who spent 14 years in prison. He went on to become a beloved national leader and an example for many young activists. Similarly, El Salvador's President Nayib Bukele has been accused of having close ties to the MS-13 gang, although he vehemently denies these allegations. It remains to be seen how his past association with the gang will affect his policies and performance as the leader of El Salvador. In light of these examples, it is clear that past affiliations with a rebel group do not necessarily disqualify a politician from holding office. However, it is important for them to prove their commitment to building a peaceful and inclusive society in the present. Overall, Mayor-elect Gustavo Petro's past connection with the M-19 guerrilla is a topic that will continue to be discussed in Colombia's politics. However, Petro is determined to use his position to work towards a society that is free of violence and conflict.