article: By . Simon Tomlinson . A banker, his wife and their nine-year-old nephew have been gunned down in a drive-by shooting outside their home. Benoit Philippens, a 37-year-old director at BNP Paribas Fortis, was targeted by gunmen who were waiting near his house in the Belgian city of Vise. Mr Philippens and the boy were killed at the scene as the family pulled up on the driveway. Gunned down: Toys, flowers and a candle are placed near the home where a banker, his wife and their nine-year-old nephew were shot dead in a drive-by shooting outside their home in the Belgian city of Vise . His . wife Carol Haid, 37, who was also the boy's godmother, died of her . injuries the next day after being struck three times in the back. It is thought shots were fired with an automatic weapon from the gunmen's car before it sped off. However, a bullet hole found in the window of a nearby sports centre suggested the shooter may have been waiting on the drive or by the house, according to a judicial source. The gunmen, who struck on Friday, have not yet been traced nor has any motive been established for the shooting, it was reported by Zero Hedge which cited L'venir. Tragedy: The family were each shot several times with an automatic weapon as they pulled up on the driveway of the home (above) on Friday . The Mayor of Vise, Marcel Neven, said the killings could be linked to Mr Philippens' profession. A friend claims the banker was involved in an argument with a customer around six months ago in which he was threatened in public, according to Zero Hedge which cited the 7Dimanche newspaper. According to neighbours, the couple had been married just over a year and had lived at the house for five or six years. They said the shooting was particularly shocking because they were a normal family and that it was not linked to drugs.
highlights: Family gunned down by passing car as they pulled up on their driveway . Husband Benoit Philippens was a director at BNP Paribas Fortis bank . Gunmen on run and no motive found but could be linked to job, says mayor .
id: e71ba74f745dae64dfc141b3c803ade31cdda6f1
chatgpt: A senseless and horrific tragedy unfolded on a quiet residential street in Brussels, as a family was gunned down by unknown assailants over the weekend. Benoit Philippens, a director at BNP Paribas Fortis, was driving his family home when a car pulled up beside them and opened fire. Philippens, his wife, and their two children were all killed in the attack. The family had just returned from a weekend getaway, pulling up on their driveway when the gunmen struck. Witnesses reported hearing multiple shots and seeing a vehicle hurriedly driving away from the scene. Authorities have launched a manhunt for the suspects, who are still believed to be on the run. The motive for the attack remains unknown, but the mayor of the commune where the shooting took place has speculated that it may be linked to Philippens' job. BNP Paribas Fortis is one of the largest banks in Belgium and has been the target of several high-profile robberies in recent years. However, no concrete evidence linking the attack to the bank or any of its employees has been found. Colleagues and friends of Philippens have expressed shock and sadness at the news of his death. He was described as a highly respected and talented professional who was beloved by his coworkers. BNP Paribas Fortis released a statement expressing condolences to his family and announcing that grief counseling services would be made available to employees. The shooting has sparked widespread outrage and calls for action from politicians and community leaders. Belgian Prime Minister Alexander De Croo tweeted his condolences and vowed to "do everything possible to find the perpetrators and bring them to justice." The mayor of the commune where the attack took place also issued a statement decrying the senseless violence and calling for increased police presence in the area. As the investigation continues, the community remains in shock and mourning over the loss of a beloved family and respected member of the banking community. Authorities urge anyone with information about the attack to come forward and assist in the search for the killers.