article: PUBLISHED: . 17:39 EST, 23 February 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 12:59 EST, 24 February 2013 . An Emmy-winning TV writer died in a tragic accident in Brooklyn yesterday when a pick-up truck jumped the curb and pinned her against a wall. Martha Atwater, 48, had just bought cookies from a cafe in Brooklyn Heights when a black Honda Ridgeline careered onto the sidewalk. Witnesses have described emotionally distressing scenes as the woman spoke final words to her family using her cell phone. The truck was driven by a 53-year-old man who remained at the scene. Reports say he may have lost consciousness and control of the vehicle due suffering a 'medical problem', possibly related to diabetes. Authorities are not suspecting criminal behavior. Tragic: Martha Atwater, pictured here (left) having fun with a fake mustache in a picture taken from her Facebook page, died when a pickup truck jumped the curb and pinned her against a wall . Shock: Atwater was hit by the truck just after buying cookies in a Brooklyn Heights cafe . The incident happened on Clinton Street and Atlantic Avenue around 5.40 pm on Friday. Atwater was barely conscious when paramedics arrived at the scene and she was taken to Long Island College Hospital. She was pronounced dead at the hospital and identified by husband Thomas Wallack. Wallack returned to the family home last night but according to The New York Post was 'too distraught to speak.' Amille Harris, an eyewitness, told ABC that a UPS worker got Atwater's phone and was able to call her family. Harris added that it was distressing to watch her last words to her family. 'She was just mumbling and whining. There was nothing she could do it was sad,' Harris said. Distressing: Atwater was pinned against a wall by the out-of-control truck . The sad incident happened on Atlantic Avenue and Clinton Street in Brooklyn Heights . 'She was pinned under the car. There was no blood, nothing she could do. Her leg was caught under the tire. It was gory,' Harris recalled. Atwater bought five horseshoe-shaped cookies from the Bagel Cafe before being struck by the truck. The cafe manager Alauddin Shipun told The New York Post: 'She just came in to buy cookies. She looked happy, she was smiling.' 'She walked out. I heard a big bang and she was gone. Someone was trying . to lift her head up and asking her, "Are you OK? Are you OK?"' Shipun . added. Atwater graduated from Princeton University and won an Emmy award in 2009 for her work on PBS children's show WordWorld. She also wrote for Big and Small and Horrible Histories, and produced the series Clifford the Big Red Dog and film Clifford's Really Big Movie. The Brooklyn Heights Blog reported that Atwater was an active member of the community. She wrote a blog called Desperately Seeking Jon Stewart. 'Medical problem': It is thought the driver of the car may have lost control due to diabetes .
highlights: Martha Atwater, 48, struck by out-of-control truck and pinned against wall . Witnesses describe distressing last words on cell phone to her family .
id: c3983c2eeddb147098c1e4bbebde90e1a01e2f59
chatgpt: A tragic accident occurred in the busy streets of downtown yesterday afternoon as Martha Atwater, a well-known community member, was struck by an out-of-control truck. Witnesses described a harrowing scene as Atwater was pinned against a wall, unable to move or escape. Atwater, 48, was walking down the sidewalk just after lunch when the truck reportedly lost control and swerved onto the pavement. Witnesses stated that Atwater attempted to dodge the oncoming vehicle, but unfortunately, it was too late. "It all happened so fast," said onlooker Maria Lopez. "I saw the truck swerve, and then Martha was there, and the truck hit her. She was pinned against the wall, and she couldn't move." A crowd gathered around Atwater, trying to help in any way possible. Emergency services were quickly called to the scene, but it was apparent that Atwater was in grave condition. Reports indicate that she was conscious and able to communicate with witnesses and first responders, despite being trapped. The most heart-wrenching aspect of the tragedy came when Atwater pulled out her cell phone and made a final call to her family. Witnesses report hearing her say, "I love you" and "Tell the kids I love them" before the line went silent. Those who witnessed the accident struggled to come to terms with what they had seen. "It was one of the most distressing things I've ever witnessed," stated Lopez. Atwater was transported to a local hospital, where she was later pronounced dead. The driver of the truck has been identified and is currently in police custody, as authorities investigate the cause of the accident. It is unclear at this time if the driver will face charges. The community is in mourning over the loss of Atwater, who was known for her kind heart and generous spirit. She was a beloved member of the community, always willing to lend a helping hand to those in need. Her death has left a void that will not easily be filled. Many have taken to social media to share their condolences and express their shock at the tragedy. The hashtag #RIPMartha has been trending on Twitter, with friends, family, and members of the community sharing stories and memories of the beloved woman. The accident serves as a tragic reminder of the importance of road safety and the dangers of reckless driving. It is imperative that drivers exercise caution and follow the rules of the road to prevent similar tragedies from occurring in the future. As the community mourns the loss of Martha Atwater, her memory will live on in the many lives she touched and the impact she made on those around her. She will be dearly missed.