article: Unmasked: Blogger Robert Ambridge (Old Holborn) has used Twitter for a series of vile comments . This is the face of one of Britain’s most notorious internet trolls. As his alter ego Old Holborn, Robert Ambridge is responsible for a series of vile and offensive Twitter posts that have brought him death threats. Thousands were outraged when Ambridge, who appears on his Twitter page with his identity disguised by a plastic pig mask, tweeted about the Hillsborough Stadium disaster. He posted a picture of two overweight women and claimed ‘this is what crushed the 96’. Ambridge, 51, a recruitment consultant and father of six from Braintree, Essex, also made disgusting comments about the murder of James Bulger which deeply upset his mother. But an unrepentant Ambridge claims people who are offended by his comments have only themselves to blame. ‘It is not my responsibility what other people find upsetting. I didn’t target anyone. I didn’t send an email. They chose to read what I wrote. If they don’t like it, they should turn it off. I don’t care what people find offensive.’ Justifying his tweet about Hillsborough, he added: ‘This is dark humour. People might not like my humour but I think it is funny and it gets a chuckle.’ This week, the self-proclaimed ‘satirical terrorist’ will seek to justify his vitriolic internet posts in an ITV documentary called Fear And Loathing Online. Ambridge agreed to be filmed without his pig mask, although his face was not shown. But The Mail on  Sunday traced Ambridge to his dilapidated Victorian home in Braintree. With an appearance more akin to Coronation Street’s hapless cafe owner Roy Cropper than a cutting-edge satirist, he initially denied he was Old Holborn. Masking his identity: How he appears on Twitter . But later, speaking at the wheel of his battered Toyota vehicle, gap-toothed Ambridge said: ‘I am there to upset the apple cart. It is a form of entertainment. Trolling is like putting a fishing line in a shoal of fish and seeing what you can get.’ Ambridge worked for Alchemy Recruitment in Braintree until April, when he was first outed as a notorious online troll. Following his Hillsborough comments, people bombarded the firm with phone calls and threatened to burn down its offices. An investigation was launched by Essex Police over tweets relating to the Boston bombing, as well as the Hillsborough disaster and the Bulger murder. Ambridge has since left the company. Police said the CPS is considering whether to pursue a case of criminal communication through social media involving a 51-year-old man from Braintree.Fear and Loathing Online,  ITV, Thursday at 7.30pm.
highlights: Robert Ambridge unveiled as man behind 'Old Holborn' Twitter account . Has also Tweeted about the Boston bombings and Bulger murder . Calls himself a 'satirical terrorist'
id: a065ba9825f664034ccd2a30f0824be8426fe41b
chatgpt: Robert Ambridge, a former software developer, has revealed himself as the man behind the infamous 'Old Holborn' Twitter account. The account has been known for its often controversial commentary on everything from politics to current events. Ambridge, who worked as a developer for financial firms before retiring, said he created the account in 2009 to express his opinions on current affairs without fear of repercussions. However, in recent years, the account has come under fire for its tweets about sensitive topics, such as the Boston bombings and the Bulger murder. Ambridge himself has described his online persona as a "satirical terrorist," using humor and edgy content to make a point. Despite the backlash, Ambridge insists that he is not a racist or a bigot, and that his motive behind the account is to start conversations and provoke thought - no matter how controversial his tweets may be. In a recent interview with The Guardian, Ambridge stated that he had been contacted by several journalists trying to uncover his identity over the years, but had managed to keep his real name under wraps. He eventually decided to reveal himself to dispel any rumors about the man behind the account. "I'm just a regular guy with an opinion, and I wanted a place to express that opinion freely without worrying about political correctness or being canceled," Ambridge said in the interview. "I knew that my opinions might not be popular, but I wanted to put them out there anyway, and Old Holborn gave me that platform." Ambridge acknowledges that his tweets have caused offense to some people, but argues that he has a right to express his opinions in a free society. He also admits that he has received death threats and harassment on social media, but says he takes it in stride. "I knew what I was getting into when I created the account, and I accept the consequences of my actions," he said. "But I also believe that people should be able to express their opinions without fear of retribution - that's what makes a free society." The revelation of Ambridge's identity has sparked debate on social media, with some users expressing support for his right to free speech, while others condemn his controversial tweets. It remains to be seen how Ambridge's unveiling will impact the Old Holborn account, but one thing is certain - he will continue to use it to express his opinions, no matter how provocative they may be.