article: By . Lucy Waterlow . PUBLISHED: . 12:33 EST, 9 August 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 08:13 EST, 12 August 2013 . Now you can steal Pippa Middleton's style right down to her underwear as the brand of lingerie she wore to the royal wedding has been revealed. According to Grazia Daily, the 29-year-old writer chose garments from Beautiful Bottoms London to wear under her Alexander McQueen bridesmaid dress as her sister the Duchess of Cambridge tied the knot with Prince William.. The British brand, founded in 2009, prides itself on its feminine styles and delicate fabrics and is on sale in Selfridges and other boutiques. Her royal hotness is born: Pippa Middleton is reported to have worn Beautiful Bottoms underwear at her sister's wedding . Global recogition: It was at the wedding of the Duchess of Cambridge to Prince William that Pippa shot to fame . It was obviously an inspired choice on Pippa's part as it was at the April 2011 nuptials that she shot to fame dubbed 'Her Royal Hotness' thanks to how pert her derriere looked in the figure hugging dress. She acknowledged in her book, Celebrate, that it had been a bizarre experience to suddenly become famous around the world thanks to her bottom. Famous derriere: Pippa wrote in her book Celebrate that it was strange to suddenly become recognised thanks to her bottom . Feminine styles: Beautiful Bottoms London is a British brand founded in 2009 . She said: 'It is a bit startling to achieve global recognition before the age of 30 on account of your sister, your brother-in-law and your bottom. One day I might be able to make sense of this. In the meantime, I think it's fair to say that it has its upside and its downside.' The upsides have undoubtedly included her money-making book deal as well as roles as a columnist for Vanity Fair and Waitrose magazine. Highs: In the last year, Pippa has sat in the royal box at Wimbledon, left, and had a book published . Her love life has also been on the up as she's been dating stockbroker Nico Jackson, 35, for months and he is rumoured to be planning to pop the question. It seems new aunty Pippa has remained a loyal fan of Beautiful Bottoms since the royal wedding as she was recently pictured wearing their Wave Silk Wrap. She teamed the print wrap with a purple leather jacket and black dress. The company said they were 'thrilled' by her choice of scarf - which has since sold out on their website.
highlights: British brand prides itself on feminine designs . Pippa has also been seen in one of their silk wraps . She gained 'global recognition' in 2011 thanks to her pert derriere .
id: d21b531af069ab3e8f22830d87726db6c0f7f4de
chatgpt: The British fashion brand that's known for its feminine designs has gotten a boost in popularity recently after Pippa Middleton was seen wearing one of their silk wraps. The Duchess of Cambridge's younger sister has always been known for her impeccable fashion sense, and her endorsement of the brand has gained them global recognition. Pippa Middleton first gained global recognition in 2011 thanks to her pert derriere, which was the talk of town for weeks after her sister's wedding to Prince William. Since then, she has been a keen fashion enthusiast and has been seen wearing many different designers, but it seems that she has a particular fondness for this particular British brand. The brand itself has been around for many years, and it prides itself on creating feminine designs that are both stylish and comfortable. Their collections are always eagerly anticipated, with many women waiting to see what they will come up with next. It seems that Pippa is one of these women, as she has been spotted wearing the brand's clothing on several occasions. Her endorsement has been a huge boost to the company, especially as she is seen as a style icon by many. The silk wrap that she wore recently has become a particular favorite amongst fans of the brand. It's a versatile piece that can be worn in many different ways, and it's perfect for any occasion. Whether you're dressing up for a night out, or just want to look stylish and chic while running errands, this wrap is the perfect addition to your wardrobe. The brand's popularity is only set to grow, as more and more women are looking for clothing that's both feminine and stylish. With their focus on creating designs that are comfortable and easy to wear, they are sure to remain a favorite amongst fashionistas everywhere. If you're looking to update your wardrobe with some stylish pieces, then this British brand is definitely worth checking out. With their focus on feminine designs and comfortable clothing, you're sure to find something that you love. And who knows, maybe you'll be the next celebrity to be seen wearing their clothing!