article: Many children have imaginary friends. But few of those BFFs are called Joe Biden. Meet three-year-old Avery Bral, who has regular 'phone calls' with the United States Vice President. Avery, of Clive, Iowa, first became infatuated with Biden when she saw him speaking on TV several months ago. Since then, she has had dozens of 'conversations' with him via her toy phone. Scroll down for video . Biden's littlest fan:  Avery Bral (pictured holding a photo of United States Vice President Joe Biden) first became infatuated with the politician when she saw him speaking on television several months ago . Politician: Since then, the toddler has had dozens of 'conversations' with Biden (pictured) via her toy phone . 'For the next couple months, every time she was on her phone it was Joe Biden,' the toddler's mother, Erica Bral, said. When asked why she loved Biden, Avery told reporters: 'I just do.' Earlier this year, Avery's grandmother, Becky Burke, posted a message on Biden's website, informing him of his littlest fan and their regular 'chats', according to KCCI News 8. Then, last Wednesday night, she answered the phone - and Biden was on the other end. 'He said, "This is Joe Biden" and I said, "Who the hell is this?' said Ms Burke. 'And he said, "This is Joe Biden", and I said, ‘I’m so sorry, I’m so sorry I said that to you.” Having a chat: This home video show Avery, from Clive, Iowa, 'speaking' on her silver toy phone to Biden . Bemused: 'Every time she was on her phone it was Joe Biden,' the toddler's mother, Erica Bral (above), said . During the  call, Ms Burke discovered that Biden had received her online message and wanted to reach out to Avery and her family. Unfortunately, Avery was not available to speak - but her grandmother had a five-minute conversation with the politician about their families and grandchildren. At the end of the call, Biden told Ms Burke he would send the toddler a personal note in the mail. But despite his popularity, he has stiff competition - from Avery's stuffed sheep, Lamby. Grandmother: Earlier this year, Avery's grandmother, Becky Burke (pictured), posted a message on Biden's website, informing him of his littlest fan. Then, last Wednesday night, she received a call from the politician . Another companion: Despite Biden's popularity, he has stiff competition - from Avery's  toy sheep, Lamby .
highlights: Avery, three, of Clive, Iowa, has an unusual imaginary friend - Joe Biden . Toddler 'chats' with Vice President on toy phone on a regular basis . Earlier this year, her grandmother posted message on Biden's website . Then, last Wednesday night, she answered phone - and it was politician . Sadly, Avery was not available to speak; Biden is sending note in post .
id: 14c2a43da1a7e3221bcc69a145e3581f0d43237a
chatgpt: Avery, a three-year-old from Clive, Iowa, has gained attention for her unusual imaginary friend - Joe Biden. The toddler regularly engages in imaginary phone calls with the Vice President on her toy phone, and her grandmother even posted a message on Biden's website earlier this year. Last Wednesday night, the unexpected happened. Avery's grandma received a call and was surprised to find out that it was Biden himself on the other end of the line. Unfortunately, Avery was not available to speak at the time, but Biden promised to send her a note in the post. The news of Biden's phone call quickly spread throughout the small town, and Avery's family was shocked at the attention their toddler was receiving. Her grandma, Susan, spoke to local news outlets and expressed her amazement at the situation. "We never expected anything like this to happen," she said. "We were just happy that Avery had such a creative imagination and a fun imaginary friend." The story of Avery and Biden's unlikely friendship has been met with both amusement and delight. People across the country are pleased to see a high-profile politician take the time to connect with a young child in such a personal and meaningful way. Many have commented on the heartwarming nature of the story, and have praised Biden for his kindness and compassion. Avery's family is overwhelmed by the attention their daughter has received, but they are also grateful for the positive impact that her story has had. "It's been such an amazing experience," said Susan. "We never imagined that Avery's imaginary friend would become such a big deal, but we're so happy that people are enjoying the story and finding joy in it." The incident has also highlighted the importance of imagination and free play in children's development. Imaginary friends are a common part of many children's lives, and they can be an important source of comfort and creativity. Biden's willingness to participate in Avery's imaginative play sends a powerful message about the value of nurturing young children's imaginations and encouraging their sense of wonder. As for Avery, she's still happily chatting away on her toy phone with her friend Joe Biden. And who knows - perhaps one day they'll get to talk for real.