article: (CNN) -- Elected with the largest margin of victory in the history of Taiwan's presidential elections, President Ma Ying-jeou is aiming to bring the good times back to Taiwan while looking to a friendlier future with China. Smiling through it: President Ma Ying-jeou has some tough challenges ahead. Winning 58 percent of the vote, Ma was swept to victory on the promise of economic growth but through the more controversial method of building closer ties with China. With the backdrop of economic depression Ma's calls to reinvigorate the economy by freer trade and improved relations with China proved stronger than the fears that those ties could lead to a loss in independence. Nevertheless, with a message of rapprochement, the charismatic former mayor of Taipei has a tough job on his hands in his first presidency. Born in Hong Kong in 1950, Ma studied at Harvard Law School and worked as a lawyer in New York in 1981 before returning Taiwan. He held a number of posts in government ministries from 1988, including Minister for Justice for three years from 1993. However, it was not until he was elected mayor of Taipei in 1998 that he emerged as a potential future president, and he was elected as chairman of the Kuomintang, Taiwan's Nationalist party, in July 2005. Yet having built up a solid reputation in Taiwan's notoriously volatile political culture, his image was tarnished by allegations of corruption while mayor of Taipei in 2006. It was alleged that he had misappropriated around $340,000, and after resigning his position as head of the Kuomintang to fight the charges, he was finally cleared of all allegations in 2007. With a clear mandate and popular support he occupies a unique position in Asian politics; TIME Magazine has said he is in the rare position of being a politician who has the "opportunity to shape the destiny not only of their own nation but also of an entire region." Moving swiftly to build stronger links, the first regular direct flights for nearly 60 years between China and Taipei resumed on July 4. Ma's administration hopes that Chinese tourists from the mainland will boost the sluggish tourism industry and talks are already underway to increase the number of weekly flights. In a further signal of détente, Guangdong province in China has offered the Taiwanese port city of Kaohsiung two white tigers as a symbol of improved relations. Allaying fears, breaking down generations of mistrust and making Taiwan's economy roar again will be the considerable challenges of Ma's administration; the former barrister will have to use all his negotiating skills to try and fulfill his ambitions.
highlights: Taiwan's premier, Ma Ying-jeou, elected by biggest margin in history . Has promised to bring economic prosperity back to Taiwan and engage China . Hugely difficult task ahead of strengthening ties with China and allaying public fears .
id: e67e99396babd645ee8eb933e004220a7cb5fde9
chatgpt: Taiwan's premier, Ma Ying-jeou, has been elected by the biggest margin in the history of Taiwan. His election promises to bring economic prosperity back to Taiwan and engage China. However, he faces a hugely difficult task ahead of strengthening ties with China and allaying public fears. Ma's election win was seen as a vote of confidence in his pro-business policies and his efforts to improve ties with China. His promises to boost Taiwan's economy, reduce unemployment, and create new business opportunities have struck a chord with many Taiwanese voters. Ma has made engaging China one of his top priorities, and he has promised to work to reduce tensions between the two countries. However, he also faces a tough balancing act, as many Taiwanese remain wary of closer ties with Beijing. The relationship between Taiwan and China has been strained for decades, and many Taiwanese worry that closer ties with China will jeopardize their country's sovereignty and independence. Ma has said that he will focus on strengthening Taiwan's economy and building closer ties with other countries in the region. He has also vowed to tackle corruption and inequality, two issues that have plagued Taiwan's economy in recent years. Many analysts believe that Ma's biggest challenge will be dealing with China. Beijing has long viewed Taiwan as a renegade province, and it has threatened to use force to reclaim the island if Taiwan ever declares independence. Despite this, Ma has said that he will work to build mutual trust between the two countries and seek to find common ground. However, some Taiwanese remain skeptical of Ma's promises, and they worry that he may be too willing to compromise with China. They fear that closer ties with Beijing will lead to the erosion of Taiwan's democracy and freedom of speech. Others worry that China may seek to use economic ties to gain leverage over Taiwan. Despite these concerns, many Taiwanese are optimistic about Ma's future. They believe that his pro-business policies will help boost Taiwan's economy and create new opportunities for growth. They also hope that his efforts to engage China will lead to greater stability in the region and pave the way for a peaceful resolution to the Taiwan-China dispute. Ma's victory has been hailed as a new chapter for Taiwan's politics. It remains to be seen if he can deliver on his promises, but he has certainly set his sights high. He has a tough road ahead, but he has a mandate from the Taiwanese people to bring about change and reinvigorate Taiwan's economy. The world will be watching closely as he faces his biggest challenge yet.