article: (CNN) -- A man was shot and killed Saturday in Oakland, California, during a confrontation with Bay Area Rapid Transit officers and Oakland police, police spokesman Jeff Thomason said. The incident occurred after Oakland police received a call about 8:15 a.m. (11:15 a.m. ET) of an armed man walking toward the Fruitvale BART station, according to Thomason. Police notified BART officers, who also responded. BART officers were the first to reach the suspect, described as a Hispanic male between 30 and 40 years old, Thomason said. The BART officers chased the man from the station to the street, where Oakland police joined in the pursuit over four blocks in the Fruitvale area. Thomason said Oakland police tried to Taser the man twice, but to no effect. The man, armed with two knives, then attempted to charge at one of the officers, a police statement said. Multiple officers opened fire, killing him, the statement said. The man has not yet been identified, Thomason said. The shooting is under investigation by the Oakland police homicide unit, internal affairs and the Alameda County district attorney. "Anytime there is a loss of life, it is a matter of great concern and sadness for us all," Oakland Mayor Ronald Dellums said in a statement. "It is extremely important that we as a community continue to work together in order to provide a safe and secure environment. Therefore, a thorough investigation of the circumstances surrounding this death has begun." BART police have also opened a separate, parallel investigation. The incident comes more than a week after a former BART police officer was found guilty of involuntary manslaughter in the 2009 shooting death of an unarmed black man on a train platform at the Fruitvale station. The January 1, 2009, shooting of 22-year-old Oscar Grant was captured on a bystander's cell-phone video camera. The video was widely circulated on the Internet and on news broadcasts, and it spurred several protests in and around Oakland. The video showed former officer Johannes Mehserle pulling his gun and fatally shooting Grant in the back as another officer knelt on the unarmed man. Mehserle and other Bay Area Rapid Transit police had been called to the Fruitvale station after passengers complained about fights on a train. Officers pulled several men, including Grant, off the train when it arrived at Fruitvale.
highlights: Officers were responding to a report of an armed man near the Fruitvale BART station . Police tried Tasering the man twice, but were unable to subdue him . The man turned on them with a knife, and police opened fire . The shooting is under investigation .
id: a0eda0a520b6b1203f4f4c39261280a78f51331c
chatgpt: In a shocking turn of events, police officers responding to a report of an armed man near the Fruitvale BART station were forced to shoot the suspect after their attempts at subduing him failed. The man, who remains unidentified at this time, brandished a knife and refused to comply with police orders, leading to a deadly confrontation. According to eyewitnesses, the man appeared agitated and erratic when police arrived on the scene. Despite their efforts to deescalate the situation, the man continued to resist, leading to a tense standoff between police and the suspect. In an effort to subdue the man, police officers attempted to use Tasers on him twice, but to no avail. This only seemed to agitate the suspect further, as he turned on the officers with the knife in his hand. At this point, police officers were left with no choice but to use lethal force. They opened fire on the suspect, who was subsequently transported to a nearby hospital, where he was pronounced dead. As is the standard procedure in cases of police-involved shootings, an investigation has been launched to determine whether the officers' use of force was justified. The officers involved in the incident have been placed on administrative leave pending the conclusion of the investigation. The shooting has sparked outrage and raised questions about police use of force, especially in cases involving people suffering from mental health issues. Critics argue that the officers in this incident could have done more to deescalate the situation before resorting to lethal force. In response to the shooting, Oakland Mayor Libby Schaaf released a statement expressing her condolences to the family of the deceased and promising a full investigation into the incident. "The use of lethal force is always a last resort, and we owe it to the family and the community to understand what led to this tragic outcome," Schaaf said in the statement. The incident near the Fruitvale BART station serves as a stark reminder of the dangers that police officers face every day in their efforts to protect our communities. As the investigation into this incident continues, it is clear that there are no simple answers when it comes to issues of police use of force, mental health, and public safety.