article: (CNN) -- Miroslav Klose continued his fine scoring run with two more vital goals to keep Lazio in title contention on Saturday, while Inter Milan moved into the top half of the table. Veteran Germany international Klose has enjoyed a renaissance of his club career since moving to the Italian capital, and made it eight Serie A goals this season as Lazio scraped a 3-2 win at bottom side Lecce. The victory lifted the Rome side into second place above AC Milan and Udinese, who play Bologna and Chievo respectively on Sunday. It left Lazio a point adrift of unbeaten Juventus, who visit the Stadio Olympico on Monday to take on city rivals Roma. Despite his exploits for Germany, for whom he has scored 14 goals at three World Cups, Klose was a fringe figure at Bayern Munich before his contract expired in July. But the 33-year-old will be a key senior figure at next year's Euro 2012 finals after scoring nine goals in the qualifiers and taking his international tally to 63 -- five behind Gerd Muller's German record -- when he netted as captain in the friendly victory over the Netherlands last month. Klose leveled for Lazio from close range in the 28th minute after David Di Michele put Lecce ahead from the penalty spot, and then set up Lorik Cana two minutes after halftime. Lecce had picked up only eight points from 13 matches, but looked like adding to that when Stefano Ferrario equalized on the hour. However, Klose stole the victory for Lazio with three minutes to play when he found space to glance in a header from a cross by French forward Djibril Cisse. Inter Milan bounced back from last weekend's home defeat by Udinese with a 2-0 win against Fiorentina at the San Siro that lifted Claudio Ranieri's team into ninth place. Striker Giampaolo Pazzini netted the opening goal against his former club four minutes before halftime, pouncing for his second league goal this season after a mistake by Cesare Natali allowed him space to hook the ball past keeper Artur Boruc. Fiorentina will also rue Yuto Nagatomo's goal four minutes after the break, as Manuel Pasqual's attempted clearance ricocheted off the Japan fullback and into the net. Inter, who went through to the knockout stage of the European Champions League as group winners despite Wednesday's defeat at CSKA Moscow, have the chance to move further up the table in Tuesday's trip to Genoa. Sixth-placed Palermo remained behind Napoli on goal difference after suffering a shock 1-0 home defeat by second-bottom Cesena. Romanian striker Adrian Mutu put the visitors ahead in the 63rd minute, and Palermo's young Argentine defender Ezequiel Munoz was sent off for his second booking soon after. Genoa moved up to seventh with a 2-0 win at Siena, as captain Marco Rossi and Argentine striker Rodrigo Palacio scored in the second half.
highlights: Lazio beat Lecce 3-2 to go second in Italy's Serie A as Miroslav Klose nets twice . Veteran Germany striker takes his tally of league goals to eight this season . Inter Milan move into ninth place with 2-0 win at home to Fiorentina . Sixth-placed Palermo suffering a shock 1-0 home defeat by second-bottom Cesena .
id: c7351827b35fc2387db429e0acfadab1516e0a6d
chatgpt: Lazio secured a hard-fought 3-2 victory over Lecce in Italy's Serie A on Sunday, thanks in large part to the heroics of veteran striker Miroslav Klose. The German international, who has been a key player for the Rome-based club since his arrival in 2011, netted twice to take his tally of league goals to eight this season. The match got off to a fast start, with Lazio taking the lead after just four minutes through Brazilian forward Felipe Caicedo. However, Lecce fought back and drew level just ten minutes later, with Marco Mancosu converting a penalty after being fouled inside the box. Despite the setback, Lazio continued to press forward and were rewarded in the 32nd minute when Klose netted his first goal of the match. The 38-year-old showed his class, pouncing on a loose ball inside the box and slotting it home to make it 2-1. Lecce refused to give in, however, and they drew level once again in the 67th minute through Yevhen Shakhov. The Ukrainian midfielder struck a low shot past Lazio goalkeeper Thomas Strakosha to set up a tense finale. It was Klose who proved to be the matchwinner, however, as he bagged his second goal of the game in the 81st minute. The veteran striker was in the right place at the right time, tapping in a cross from Luis Alberto to give Lazio a 3-2 lead that they would hold until the final whistle. The win sees Lazio move up to second place in the Serie A table, just one point behind leaders Juventus. It was also a good day for Inter Milan, who moved into ninth place with a 2-0 win at home to Fiorentina. The Nerazzurri had goals from Lautaro Martinez and Romelu Lukaku to thank for the victory. However, the shock result of the day came at the Stadio Renzo Barbera, where sixth-placed Palermo suffered a 1-0 home defeat to second-bottom Cesena. The visitors, who are mired in the relegation zone, secured all three points thanks to a second-half strike from Felice D'Amico. In other Serie A results on Sunday, Genoa and Udinese played out a 1-1 draw, while Sampdoria secured a 2-1 home win over Brescia. Bottom club Brescia remain rooted to the foot of the table, while Cagliari and Napoli round out the top four after both teams secured wins on Saturday. Overall, it was another exciting weekend of action in Serie A, with several key results that could have a big impact on the rest of the season. With just a few months left until the end of the campaign, many fans will be eagerly watching to see who will come out on top in one of Europe's most competitive leagues.