article: By . Rob Draper . Follow @@draper_rob . Joachim Low has said that the Premier League has too many foreigners for England to succeed as national team. Germany have qualified for every World Cup quarter final since 1938 and Loew said that the collaboration between the Bundesliga and German FA was crucial to the success of the national team. Speaking ahead of Germany’s World Cup quarter-final against France on Friday, the Germany manager said: ‘If England has a problem, it is that their league has a disadvantage because higher percentage of foreigners, so it becomes difficult for national coach to get things moving. Shamed: England were knocked out of the World Cup early on after two defeats to Italy and Uruguay . Foreign players: Stars like Luis Suarez are hampering English players, acording to Joachim Low . Tough test: Low was speaking ahead of Germany's quarter-final clash with France on Friday . 'We have changed over recent years because lots of young German players in German clubs are given an advantage over foreigners and we’re benefitting from that. In England many foreigners and perhaps that is not always beneficial. ‘I believe we have a good blend in Germany, a strong league with two or three of best teams in Europe. But I’m not unhappy if players are abroad. We can benefit from Sami Khedira and Mesut Ozil having different influences and cultures and coaches. They benefit personally as well and it helps players to mature.’ Loew expects Mats Hummels to have recovered from the flu and is hoping to field a full- strength side despite a mini-epidemic among their squad. ‘About a third of our team were complaining about sore throats,’ said Loew. ‘We were contaminated and we need to see how that develops. Hummels had a fever but all players are able to train. They’re still slightly suffering but there’s no feeling of exhaustion. I hope they stay stable and there is no worsening overnight.’ Loew is expected to play Philipp Lahm in midfield despite calls to switch him to right back with Andre Schurrle and Mario Goetze battling for the final place in the starting eleven. Seal skills: Bayern Munich defender Jerome Boateng balances a ball on his head during training . Care free: Mesut Ozil and Sami Khedira seemed to be enjoying themselves at the Maracana .
highlights: England were knocked out of World Cup early after two defeats to Italy and Uruguay . Germany face France in quarter-final in the Maracana on Friday .
id: 5e355f51e420db4cce060a4d189f3ccc3dc49a0d
chatgpt: England's World Cup campaign came to a disappointing and early end after losing their first two games to Italy and Uruguay. The Three Lions never seemed to have found their footing in the tournament and struggled to create enough goal-scoring opportunities. On the other hand, Germany has been putting on impressive performances and made it through to the quarter-finals, where they will face France at the Maracana on Friday. The two European powerhouses will battle it out for a spot in the semi-finals. Germany topped their group with two wins and a draw, scoring an impressive seven goals in the process. The team's attack has been dominant, led by stars like Thomas Muller and Mesut Ozil, and they will look to continue their strong form against France. France, meanwhile, had a relatively easy time in their group, registering two wins and a draw. Their attacking prowess has also been on display, with striker Karim Benzema leading the charge. The French will be looking to make their mark on the World Cup and claim victory over Germany. The Maracana stadium in Rio de Janeiro will play host to this exciting encounter, with both teams knowing that a win will take them one step closer to their ultimate goal of lifting the World Cup trophy. Germany and France have a storied rivalry, having faced each other in some of the most memorable matches in football history. With so much at stake in this quarter-final, fans around the world will be eagerly anticipating this showdown between two of the best teams in the tournament. It remains to be seen whether Germany's attack will be able to overpower the French defense, or if the French will be able to use their speed and creativity to break down Germany's back line. Either way, this clash of the titans promises to be a thrilling encounter that fans won't want to miss. As England's World Cup dreams come to an end, the focus now shifts to the remaining teams as they battle it out for the chance to be crowned champions of the world. The Germany-France match-up is undoubtedly one of the most exciting fixtures of the tournament so far, and fans are eagerly anticipating a classic encounter at the Maracana.