article: By . Amie Keeley . Cheesy festive songs are a Christmas staple... but what about a block of cheddar that tastes like turkey and all the trimmings? That’s exactly what you could be spreading on crackers or grilling on toast after a chef created the world’s first Christmas dinner cheese. The unique cheddar contains turkey flavouring as well as whole sprouts, pieces of carrot and festive fruit. Christmas dinner is served: The cheese contains turkey flavouring with added carrots and sprouts . Pudding cheese: The cheddar contains brandy-soaked sultanas, raisins, currants, candied cherries, apple, cinnamon and a special Christmas liqueur . There’s also a Christmas pudding . cheese with brandy-soaked sultanas, raisins and currants, candied . cherries and apple, cinnamon and liqueur. The idea for the festive cheeses came from chef and product developer at the Pilgrims Choice cheddar company, Linda Appel, 31. ‘We wanted to give the nation . something really special and unique for Christmas which brought together . two of our favourite foods – Christmas dinner and cheddar,’ she said. ‘So I worked to combine the two. We’ve done the same thing with . Christmas pudding – because you can’t have Christmas without a bit of . Christmas pudding. ‘The best bit about it, is that now you can have Christmas dinner on toast. ‘It means I can have Christmas  dinner . whenever and as often as I like without all the hard work and hassle . that usually comes with it.’ Both festive cheeses are available in limited quantities from the company on request. Last Christmas, lazy chefs were given a . quick alternative to cooking in the form of a self-heating dinner in a . can. Including all the usual trimmings, the Christmas Dinner HotCan just . required cooks to peel back the lid and pierce the sachet, which . triggered a natural heat-producing reaction. Christmas on toast anyone? You could keep enjoying a festive feast after the big day with just a slice .
highlights: Pilgrims Choice have created a cheddar with turkey flavouring . Cheese also contains carrots and sprouts . For dessert, they've invented cheese with flavours of Christmas pudding .
id: 1e6b5c50848d1beca7f3bfca0efd08b2b244a454
chatgpt: As the holiday season approaches, Pilgrims Choice, a well-known cheese company, has introduced two new limited-edition cheeses with unique and festive flavors. The first cheese is a Cheddar with a twist, as it’s infused with turkey flavoring, along with the addition of carrots and sprouts. It’s the perfect accompaniment to a holiday sandwich, toastie or cheese platter. The savory flavors blend together creating a taste reminiscent of a traditional Christmas dinner. For those with a sweet tooth, the second cheese, Christmas Pudding flavored Cheddar, will definitely pique their interest. A seemingly strange combination, this cheese is made using mixed fruit, brandy, and spices which have been blended together to mimic the flavors of a traditional Christmas Pudding.  Both cheese varieties have been met with excitement and curiosity from cheese enthusiasts, as well as foodies looking to add a holiday flair to their upcoming menu.  “We wanted to echo the traditional Christmas flavors of the UK in our cheeses, but with a twist,” said Pilgrims Choice Marketing Director, Laurence Hulse. “Our Pilgrims Choice TurTurkeyty and Christmas Pudding Cheddar Cheeses are the perfect additions to any festive cheese board.” Pilgrims Choice is known for its quality cheese and its innovation in the industry.  This year, they have taken their creativity to a new level by introducing cheese flavors that have never been attempted before. The concept of using cheese as a dessert substitute isn’t new, but creating a cheese with holiday flavorings takes it to a new level. Not only is it innovative, but also a perfect gift for cheese lovers this holiday season. Both of the new cheeses are available in supermarkets throughout the UK, and are expected to be in high demand throughout the holiday season. For those in search of a unique and festive cheese experience, Pilgrims Choice’s new offering is definitely worth a try.