article: Ying Tian being sentenced at the Manukau District Court after she was found guilty for driving drunk down the wrong side of motorway in Auckland . A pregnant, wheelchair-bound woman has been jailed in New Zealand after being found guilty of driving drunk and causing a crash that killed a dancer. Ying Tian, 32, from Clendon Park in Auckland, was jailed for two years and nine months for killing 49-year-old Karen Yong. Just after midday on May 30, Tian drove for 5km down a motorway in the wrong direction with a blood alcohol reading that was more than double the limit, the New Zealand Herald reported. She weaved in between oncoming cars, travelling at speeds ranging between 28 km/h and 134 km/h before eventually crashing into Ms Yong's car head on. Ms Yong, a professional ceroc dancer, suffered critical injuries and her family in Malaysia travelled to New Zealand before making the decision to switch off her life support. Pregnant Tian appeared in Manukau District Court on Monday in a wheelchair due to leg injuries she suffered in the crash. Judge Sharon McAuslan told Tian through a Chinese interpreter that she would not be able to serve her time from home, despite the fact that she is pregnant. Judge McAuslan said her driving was 'totally appalling'. Ms Yong's mother Marina Lee, who travelled from Kuala Lumpur to Auckland for the sentencing, told the court: 'Nobody can fathom the grief of a mother when her daughter is wrenched away from her. 'This grossly negligent driver needs to be punished, not just for the needless loss of my child, but to caution all other drivers to think through their actions.' Ms Yong's sister Sharon Yong told the Herald she thought the sentence was too light, adding that an apology letter written to the family by Tian felt insincere. 'It was written as a means of lowering her sentence, that's how it felt to us.' Karen Yong (pictured) was killed after Tian's car crashed into hers head-on .
highlights: Ying Tian, 32, from  Auckland, was jailed for two years and nine months . She was found guilty of killing 49-year-old Karen Yong in a car crash . Tian was driving the wrong way at twice the legal blood alcohol limit . She is now pregnant and appeared in court in a wheelchair .
id: 5e11570726ff2b8cc5963dab5b7dd07718d99f77
chatgpt: Auckland – A woman who caused a fatal car crash while driving under the influence of alcohol was sentenced to two years and nine months in prison. Ying Tian, 32, was found guilty of killing a 49-year-old woman, Karen Yong, by driving the wrong way at twice the legal blood alcohol limit. The court heard that on the night of the accident, Tian had been drinking with friends before getting behind the wheel of her car. She drove on the wrong side of the road and collided head-on with Yong's vehicle. Yong tragically died at the scene of the accident. Tian was rushed to the hospital where she was treated for her injuries. She was found to be over the legal blood alcohol limit and was subsequently charged with causing death by dangerous driving while under the influence of alcohol. The judge presiding over the case described the incident as a "senseless tragedy" and noted that the victim's family had been left devastated by the loss. The judge went on to say that Tian had shown little remorse for her actions and had continued to drink despite knowing the dangers of driving under the influence. Tian, who is now pregnant, appeared in court in a wheelchair. Her defense lawyer argued for a lighter sentence, citing Tian's pregnancy and the emotional toll that the trial had taken on her. However, the judge refused to grant leniency, stating that the seriousness of the offense outweighed these factors. The victim's family expressed relief at the outcome of the trial, stating that they felt justice had been served. They also urged others to learn from this tragedy and to never drink and drive. The case serves as a tragic reminder of the dangers of driving under the influence of alcohol. It is a preventable offense that can have devastating consequences for both the driver and innocent bystanders. As such, it is important to always make responsible decisions when it comes to drinking and driving.