article: The practice of closing down parts of the road and railway network over Bank Holidays is costing the country's economy, according to VisitEngland. The tourist board has appealed to transport bosses in an attempt to avoid offering 'a third world service' to tourists during key holiday periods and sporting events. Lady Penelope Cobham, who chairs the organisation, has been working with transport providers in the hope of convincing them not to shut down key services during Bank Holidays. VisitEngland urging transport providers to halt road and rail maintenance during big events and holidays . 'We are trying to run a first world tourism service for local and overseas visitors and there are certainly a number of overseas visitors around over Christmas, but we are more than hampered by a third world service over Christmas,' she told the Daily Telegraph. 'I understand completely the need to do major works but when they say they are going to end working on a particular day, we have to be able to depend on that.' Lady Cobham was quick to applaud rail operators for listening to her concerns in recent months but claims there is still a long way to go to find a better solution. Thousands were left stranded due to work on the East Coast main line during the Christmas holidays. Pictured: Finsbury Park station . Upgrades, which began on Christmas Eve, have also caused disruption on the West Coast main line . Recently, Network Rail has come under fire for overrunning improvement works on the East Coast main line. Thousands were left stranded when King's Cross station closed for an additional 24 hours after works overran on Boxing Day. More than 11,000 engineers began upgrades on Christmas Eve, leaving London Bridge, the West Coast main line and routes through Reading facing disruption through the New Year. Trains were recently cancelled at King's Cross due to the overrunning of engineering works . Despite the travel delays, London has seen a 39% increase in tourism since the recession . 'There's never a good time to carry out vital maintenance and improvement work to the railway, but major holidays are when significantly fewer people travel,' a spokesperson for the Rail Delivery Group, which represents train operators, said. The Highways Agency has said that 219 stretches of road had roadworks in place during the festive period, though it suspended or accelerated more than 150 projects to help keep traffic moving over Christmas.
highlights: VisitEngland urges for a thoughtful approach to timing of engineering work . Says road and rail maintenance during events and holidays costs economy . Recently, thousands were stranded due to East Coast line improvements .
id: d0e88ac4089df1356d85b62141afe28451652275
chatgpt: VisitEngland, the national tourism agency, has called for a more thoughtful approach to the timing of engineering work for road and rail maintenance. The tourist agency has expressed concerns that the cost of maintenance during peak events and holiday seasons can have a damaging impact on the economy. VisitEngland made the statements in light of recent reports of the chaos caused by East Coast line improvements, which left thousands of passengers stranded over the holiday period. While the construction work is necessary, the national tourism agency has claimed that the timing of the work needs to be taken into consideration to lessen the negative effects on the economy. In a statement released by VisitEngland, the agency expressed their concerns about the impact of the rail and road improvements. "Whilst we recognise the necessity of critical maintenance work on roads and railways, it is essential that it is carried out in a manner that lessens the impact during peak visitor periods," said the spokesperson. "The tourist economy is vital to the UK, and the negative effects of such maintenance programs can be felt across the industry, with businesses and local economies suffering due to transport restrictions." The call for a more intelligent approach to engineering work echoes the recent debate surrounding the UK's infrastructure. Critics claim that the UK's transport system is suffering from underfunding and that rail travel is too expensive for many. Meanwhile, the UK government has sought to promote domestic travel to boost economic growth. The call from VisitEngland has come amid a busy period for the tourism industry, with the summer holidays in full swing, and major sporting events such as Wimbledon and the Open Golf Championship taking place. Any further disruptions to the rail and road system during this busy period could have a significant impact on the economy, with small businesses and local economies especially vulnerable. The travel and tourism industry is an integral part of the UK economy, contributing over £126 billion annually and supporting more than 3 million jobs. Any disruptions to the industry can have a far-reaching impact, with businesses and jobs at risk. The government's focus on infrastructure and transport must take into account the essential role that tourism plays in the UK economy. VisitEngland's call for a more measured approach to engineering work highlights the need for a balanced approach to infrastructure investment. While the rail and road systems require investment and maintenance, disruptions must be minimised to avoid harming the wider economy. As VisitEngland suggests, a more intelligent approach, which considers the timing of engineering work, can help to achieve this balance, ensuring the continued success of the UK's booming tourism industry.