article: Glenn Hoddle has ruled himself out of the running to become Newcastle United's new head coach - insisting he is 'enjoying' the challenge of trying to keep Queens Park Rangers in the Premier League. The former England, Tottenham Hotspur and Chelsea manager has been touted as a possible replacement for Alan Pardew at St James' Park. Newcastle are currently without a head coach following Pardew's departure to Crystal Palace last week, with John Carver due to take charge of the team when they face Chelsea on Saturday as he has done for the previous two matches. Glenn Hoddle has distanced himself from the head coach's role at Newcastle United . The Magpies are looking for a new boss following Alan Pardew's departure to Crystal Palace . Newcastle have failed to win a game since Pardew left and were knocked out of the FA Cup on Saturday . And Hoddle's coaching attributes have ensured he has been mentioned as a contender for the Magpies hotseat. But Hoddle, who has been out of management since he left Wolverhampton Wanderers in 2006, has revealed that he is content with his role as first-team coach under Harry Redknapp at QPR for the time being. Speaking to Zapsportz.com, a website Hoddle co-founded, the former Southampton boss said: 'There has been a lot of speculation. The media have been chasing me for a reaction to being heavily linked to the vacant Newcastle job. 'All I am prepared to say is that I'm really enjoying the challenge of trying to keep QPR up this season. John Carver has been in temporary charge of Newcastle and will be in the dugout against Chelsea . Hoddle has not managed a side since Wolverhampton Wanderers in 2006 . 'Although I have never shut the door on management I'm happy doing what I'm doing now with QPR.' Hoddle has denied that any approach has been made by Mike Ashley, Lee Charnley or anybody from the Newcastle hierarchy - and insists he is not interested in such a role at this time. Newcastle are believed to be considering a wide variety of potential candidates for the role, including former Lyon boss Remi Garde, Saint Etienne head coach Christophe Galtier and ex-Mainz manager Thomas Tuchel. Mike Ashley is searching for a new manager to replace Alan Pardew at St James' Park . Derby County boss Steve McClaren has also been linked to the role, although he too has distanced himself, insisting he is happy at the iPro Stadium. But 57-year-old Hoddle added: 'Harry gave me the chance to tip my toe back into coaching water and I'm up for the challenge. I've enjoyed working with Harry and the team - and I've enjoyed working with Harry and the staff. 'I'm looking forward to the second half of the season and the challenges that will bring in our attempt to stay up.' Hoddle says he is happy with his role as first-team coach at Queens Park Rangers . The former England boss (left) is currently working under Harry Redknapp at Loftus Road .
highlights: Newcastle United are searching for a head coach to replace Alan Pardew . John Carver has taken caretaker charge of their last two matches . Glenn Hoddle has been linked to the role but he has now distanced himself . Ex-England boss insists he is happy with his first-team coach role at QPR .
id: 6442202b7ad78d244563e8faafd15d63ab0b4e3b
chatgpt: Newcastle United FC is on the prowl for a new head coach after Alan Pardew parted ways with the team. John Carver had stepped up to the plate as caretaker for the past two matches, but the club is eager to find someone to take over the role on a permanent basis.  One of the names that have been tossed around as a potential candidate for the position is Glenn Hoddle. However, the ex-England boss has recently distanced himself from that possibility, insisting that he is content with his current position as a first-team coach at Queens Park Rangers (QPR). Hoddle spoke to the press about his future with QPR, saying, "I'm enjoying what I'm doing here, working alongside excellent staff and helping the team as much as possible. The job at Newcastle is certainly an attractive one, but I'm not considering leaving QPR right now." Hoddle's statement puts an end to speculation about the 58-year-old returning to the Premier League. Newcastle United has been in desperate need of a head coach since Pardew left to join Crystal Palace. The Magpies' recent form has been abysmal since then, with the team losing six of its last eight matches, including a humiliating 4-0 defeat to Southampton on St. Stephen's Day. Newcastle United director of football, Joe Kinnear, has his work cut out for him after the team's poor run of form. Kinnear has stated that he wants to bring in someone who can help turn the team's fortunes around and bring back the flair that the Newcastle faithful have come to expect. The club has made several attempts in recent weeks to find a suitable replacement, but nothing has materialized yet. Speculation had increased that Hoddle could take the reins, given his experience as a player and coach in the Premier League. However, Hoddle's decision to remain at QPR and turn down the opportunity to manage Newcastle could be a blow to their efforts to find a replacement for Pardew. Newcastle United players and fans alike will be hoping that Kinnear will be able to work his magic and bring in someone who can deliver results. The club's supporters have grown tired of the lackluster performances, and are hoping for a change in fortunes in the new year. Newcastle is set to take on Burnley on New Year's Day, with John Carver expected to remain in charge for the match. Carver has stated that he is willing to take charge of the team until their new head coach is appointed. The Magpies faithful will be hoping that the search for a new head coach won't drag on for too long, with the team in dire need of a new direction and impetus after a run of disappointing performances.