article: (CNN) -- A Major League Baseball player was stabbed to death Monday in the Netherlands, police said. Greg Halman, 24, was found dead just after 5 a.m. Monday in Rotterdam, a police spokeswoman said. Investigators arrested his 22-year-old brother, she said. Halman played center field for the Seattle Mariners. Major League Baseball Commissioner Bud Selig issued a statement expressing his condolences to the team. "The loss of a talented 24-year-old young man like Greg, amid such tragic circumstances, is painful for all of us throughout the game," Selig said. Betra Dorrestijn, a spokeswoman for the Royal Baseball and Softball Union of the Netherlands, said Halman's family confirmed his death to the federation. "We are shocked to hear that Gregory Halman has passed away," she said. "It is tragic that he should die at such a young age." Halman was a federation member when he played baseball as a teenager for an amateur team in his hometown of Haarlem, just outside Amsterdam, before going to the United States to play, Dorrestijn said. Halman made his Major League debut on September 23, 2010, and went on to play 44 games with the Seattle Mariners, Major League Baseball said. He finished the 2011 season with 20 hits, including two home runs, in 87 plate appearances, according to figures from Major League Baseball. "I only knew Greg for a brief time, but I feel lucky that I had the chance to get to know him," Mariners Manager Eric Wedge said in a statement. "He was a fine young man with a bright future. Greg had a tremendous energy about him, both on and off the field, that I loved. This is just tragic. That's all I can think, that this is so tragic and sad."
highlights: NEW: "This is so tragic and sad," Seattle Mariners manager says . Selig calls Halman's death "painful" for the baseball community . Halman, 24, was stabbed to death Monday in Rotterdam, police say . He played center field for the Seattle Mariners .
id: d2c2ac561052138679f4203a783d3950b3070439
chatgpt: Seattle Mariners outfielder Gregory Halman was tragically stabbed to death late Monday evening in Rotterdam, stirring up emotions of shock and pain throughout the baseball community. The 24-year-old ballplayer had just recently completed his second season with the Mariners, playing primarily as a center fielder.  Manager for the Seattle Mariners, Eric Wedge, expressed his grief and disbelief over the loss of Halman, stating "This is so tragic and sad. He was such a joy to be around. He worked hard, played with enthusiasm and had a huge heart."  Commissioner Emeritus of Major League Baseball, Bud Selig, shared his condolences as well. "The entire baseball family is shocked and saddened by the sudden and tragic death of Greg Halman. Greg was a fine young player with a bright future ahead of him. All of us send our deepest condolences to his family during this difficult time." According to Dutch police, Halman's body was discovered with multiple stab wounds in an apartment in Rotterdam, which he shared with his brother. The suspect, identified as Halman's younger brother, was arrested shortly after the incident took place. Halman was born in the Netherlands and became one of the few European-born players to make it to the Major Leagues. He was signed by the Mariners as a teenager in 2004 and had played in 44 major league games over the past two seasons, batting .207 with two homers and six RBI's. The Seattle Mariners plan to honor Halman's memory by wearing a patch with his initials on their jerseys for the upcoming season. A moment of silence was also held in his honor before their game on Tuesday night against the Texas Rangers. Halman's unexpected death has left many in the baseball community feeling shocked and heartbroken. He will always be remembered for his talent and his passion for the game. Our thoughts and condolences go out to Halman's family and loved ones during this difficult time.