article: (CNN) -- With the movie "Zombieland" sitting on top at the box office, fans of the walking dead got another grisly, ghoulish treat on Wednesday. "He's so meticulous," author Max Brooks said of "Recorded Attacks" illustrator Ibraim Roberson: . "The Zombie Survival Guide: Recorded Attacks," the latest in the series of zombie chronicles by author Max Brooks, is a graphic novel that looks at the undead menace throughout history. "When I wrote 'Zombie Survival Guide,' I always wanted to come back to the historic attacks at the end of the book," said Brooks, whose "World War Z" is in development to become a movie. View a gallery of essential zombie movies . In the book, illustrated by Brazilian artist Ibraim Roberson, cavemen, the Roman legions and African slaves all battle the undead with varying degrees of success. "More than a zombie nerd or a science fiction nerd, I'm a history nerd," said Brooks. "I was a history major in college -- history is probably the only subject that allowed me to graduate high school." And in a move sure to please genre fans -- Brooks might say "genre nerds" -- there's even a scrap in feudal Japan between zombies and ninjas. "It's never a bad thing to put zombies and ninjas together," said Brooks, whose father is comedy legend Mel Brooks. In looking for the right artist to set his story to a comic format, Brooks said he reviewed lots of artists before settling on Roberson. "He's head and shoulders above most people illustrating today," Brooks said. "The book itself is unique and I wanted a unique look. His artwork is unlike anything else I've ever seen, zombies or otherwise ... . He's so meticulous." But turning his work into a two-person job required some extra effort. The former "Saturday Night Live" writer said he hadn't worked with a collaborator since being on the show. Roberson was in Brazil during the writing of the book. "It was definitely a new world for me to sharpen my communication skills," he said. "Usually, the way I worked was brain to pen to paper. Now it was brain to e-mail." Next up for Brooks, he said, is a writing project he deems "top secret" and a comic-book mini-series for IDW Publishing detailing the classic comic/action figure characters of "G.I. Joe." "They're not continuing stories," he said of the project with the working title, "Hearts and Minds. "They're up-close and personal stories for G.I. Joe and Cobra characters."
highlights: "Zombie Survival Guide: Recorded Attacks" released Wednesday . Author Max Brooks says he's always been a "history nerd" Romans, cavemen and ninjas all get a crack at undead in graphic novel . Brooks and Brazilian artist Ibraim Roberson worked remotely on project .
id: 8f28c1ea470bcf1a20ef3e99d67bf4d93eec01f9
chatgpt: Max Brooks, the author of the bestselling book "The Zombie Survival Guide" released a new graphic novel called "Zombie Survival Guide: Recorded Attacks" on Wednesday. The book takes a unique approach to the zombie genre as it showcases various historical times and places where zombie attacks happened. As a self-professed "history nerd", Brooks takes on different historical eras and cultures such as the ancient Roman Empire, feudal Japan, and the Old West. The graphic novel not only provides entertainment with its blood and gore but also serves as a way to educate readers about different historical periods. The book features illustrations by Brazilian artist Ibraim Roberson who worked remotely with Brooks on the project. According to Brooks, he wanted to work with Roberson because of his talent in capturing the essence of the different historical periods in the book. In "Zombie Survival Guide: Recorded Attacks", readers are introduced to different strategies on how to survive a zombie attack in various situations. For instance, in ancient Rome, the soldiers would use their shields to form a circle and protect themselves from the zombies. Meanwhile, in feudal Japan, the ninjas would use their stealth and agility to outmaneuver the undead. The graphic novel also showcases the evolution of zombie attacks throughout history. In the early days, zombies were slow and easily defeated. However, as the years passed, zombies became more agile and dangerous. This evolution serves as a warning to the audience that the zombies they might face in the future could be more dangerous than what they are accustomed to. Fans of Brooks' previous works will not be disappointed with "Zombie Survival Guide: Recorded Attacks". The book stays true to his style of combining history with horror. This time, he adds a new dimension to the zombie genre by showcasing the different strategies that human beings have used throughout history to survive zombie attacks. Overall, "Zombie Survival Guide: Recorded Attacks" is an interesting and unique take on the zombie genre. Readers can learn while being entertained, and Brooks shows off his love for history by taking on different centuries and civilizations in this graphic novel.