article: By . Daniel Martin . PUBLISHED: . 18:25 EST, 16 June 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 01:45 EST, 17 June 2013 . Town halls may be forced to switch off street lights unless they get more money to pay for the care of the elderly in their own homes, council leaders have warned. They have written to the Chancellor to plead for more NHS funding to be diverted into their coffers to help meet the spiralling costs of care for pensioners and the disabled. Local government heads say they would have to consider efficiency measures including closing parks and libraries, as well as switching off street lights, just to maintain their legal obligation to provide care. Town halls may be forced to switch off street lights unless they get more money to pay for the care of the elderly in their own homes, council leaders have warned . The letter to George Osborne, from the Tory-dominated Local Government Association, which represents 370 councils, comes as he finalises the next round of cuts in the spending review. The LGA argues that the amount of money spent on social care has already been slashed by a fifth in less than three years - and they warn that they are preparing to reduce budgets further. The town hall leaders say that, while they have been able to save most of that money by squeezing the amount they pay to care homes and other contractors, they are running out of ways to cut costs. The LGA’s letter calls for fundamental change in the way money is allocated and an end to the special protections that the health service budget enjoys. Council leaders have written to Chancellor George Osborne to plead for more NHS funding to be diverted into their coffers to help meet the spiralling costs of care for pensioners and the disabled . ‘Social care is one of the things that you lie awake at night worrying about,’ said Sir Merrick Cockell, the Conservative leader of Kensington and Chelsea council in London, who is chairman of the LGA. ‘It is one of the most serious responsibilities that we have got and we take that very seriously but we know that we can’t really restrict the spending any more. ‘Most of us are pretty well at the “critical” level, as far as criteria for care go, we know we’ve got an ageing population and care is becoming more expensive, all the pressures are there.’ He added: ‘If Government doesn’t give us what we hope on sharing and integration at national and local budget level, the services like libraries, like leisure centres, like the way that parks are kept or indeed street lights being on all through the night, councils will have to look at saving money on those things.’
highlights: Council leaders written to Chancellor to plead for more NHS funding . Considering efficiency measures including closing parks and libraries . Comes as George Osborne finalises next round of cuts in spending review .
id: 03be5c579117b6c9b5d69bc82894d09fb2f52fb3
chatgpt: Council leaders have written to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, George Osborne, pleading for more funding for the National Health Service (NHS). In light of the upcoming spending review, the leaders warned that without additional financial support, the NHS would suffer even further. As a result of the funding deficit, council leaders are considering taking drastic efficiency measures. These measures include the possible closure of parks, libraries, and other public services in an effort to allocate more money to the NHS. The current state of the NHS is causing concern among the public and politicians alike. A lack of funding has led to long waiting times, staff shortages, and inadequate patient care. As the government finalises its next round of spending cuts, there are fears that necessary funding for the NHS may be further cut. Council leaders wrote in their letter to the Chancellor that "The NHS is a vital asset to our society and is in urgent need of additional funding. Without it, we risk a catastrophic breakdown in the healthcare system, which would affect millions of people across the country." The letter further stated that local councils are willing to make sacrifices and cut costs wherever possible to keep the NHS afloat. However, their resources are already stretched thin. The idea of closing public services such as parks and libraries is not a popular one, as these services are deeply valued by the community. While no final decisions have been made, council leaders stress that the situation is critical and that all options must be considered. The news has prompted backlash from some MPs, who argue that cuts to public services will only hurt the most vulnerable members of society. Labour MP Kate Osamor said, "It is outrageous that  council leaders are even considering closing parks and libraries to help pay for the NHS. This is an issue of basic human rights, and we cannot afford to let the most vulnerable members of our society suffer even further." Others, however, argue that the NHS is in such a state of crisis that desperate measures are necessary. Conservative MP Michael Fabricant stated that "while closing public services is never ideal, we must prioritise the health and wellbeing of the population. The government should seriously consider providing additional funding for the NHS." The topic of funding for the NHS is a contentious issue and highlights the struggle between providing quality healthcare and the financial constraints that local governments face. While closing public services is not a desirable solution, council leaders argue that this may be the only way to keep the NHS functioning properly. As the government makes its final decisions on the upcoming spending review, the fate of the NHS remains uncertain. It is hoped that the pleas of council leaders will not fall on deaf ears and that adequate funding will ultimately be provided to ensure the continued success of the NHS.