article: By . Sophie Jane Evans . PUBLISHED: . 03:56 EST, 18 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 03:58 EST, 18 October 2013 . A two-year-old girl has died and up to four children have been rescued in a house fire. Two fire crews were called to the blaze in Conisbrough, near Doncaster, South Yorkshire, just before 8pm yesterday after a neighbour raised the alarm. The toddler was rescued from a bedroom window and taken to hospital, but later died from her injuries. Tragic: A two-year-old girl was killed in the blaze in Consibrough, near Doncaster, South Yorkshire, yesterday . A team of firefighters wearing breathing apparatus tackled the blaze in Don Street, which is believed to have started in an upstairs bedroom. Five children, including a baby, are thought to have been in the house when the fire broke out. South Yorkshire Police say no one else was injured. A spokesman said: 'A two-year-old girl was taken to hospital where sadly she died from her injuries. Rescue: The toddler was rescued from a bedroom window by firefighters and taken to hospital, but later died from her injuries. Above, the windows of the house have been left open following the horror blaze . 'Police believe that no one else was injured during the incident and inquiries are ongoing to establish the exact circumstances around the fire.' A number of people have been spotted leaving floral tributes at the scene this morning. A statement from South Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service said two crews were dispatched to the scene. Scene: Four other children are believed to have been rescued from the fire in Don Street (pictured) 'A team of firefighters wearing breathing apparatus entered the property and located the fire in an upstairs bedroom,' it said. 'A young child was rescued from the bedroom but sadly died.' An investigation into the cause of the fire is ongoing.
highlights: The blaze broke out in Conisbrough, South Yorkshire, yesterday evening . Toddler was rescued from bedroom window, but later died from her injuries . Four other children, including a baby, believed to have been in the house . Police have launched an investigation into the cause of the fire .
id: 3e82b312424e89526103dd5fe3d14e30cdf352f1
chatgpt: A devastating house fire in Conisbrough, South Yorkshire yesterday evening has claimed the life of a young toddler. The blaze broke out inside the house with five children believed to have been present at the time of the incident. Whilst the emergency services were able to rescue a toddler from a bedroom window, tragically, she later succumbed to her injuries. The harrowing incident left four other children, one of them a baby, injured. The house fire sparked a major emergency response with the local fire service, police and ambulance services all rushing to the scene. Several nearby residents were also evacuated from their homes as a precaution. Police have launched an investigation into the cause of the fire and have stated that they are currently treating the blaze as unexplained. However, it is believed that the incident was contained within one room of the house. The local community is in shock following the tragic events of last night. Many local residents have left messages of condolences and support for the family affected by the fire. South Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service have issued a statement urging residents to ensure that they have working smoke alarms installed in their homes. They highlighted that smoke alarms can play a crucial role in saving lives in the event of a fire. The Mayor of Conisbrough has also issued a statement expressing his deep sympathy for the family involved in the incident. He stated that the thoughts of the entire community are with the family at this very difficult time. As the investigation into the cause of the fire continues, members of the local community have come together to offer support to the bereaved family. The tragic incident serves as a stark reminder of the importance of fire safety measures in the home.